Quoting Kyle Chayka
Meet OpenCopilot: Create Custom AI Copilots for Your Own SaaS Product (like Shopify Sidekick)
WizardCoder: Why It's the Best Coding Model Out There
Enabling the World's First GPU-Accelerated 5G Open RAN for NTT DOCOMO with NVIDIA Aerial
Microsoft Researchers Propose AI Morality Test for LLMs
Rethinking the Luddites in the Age of A.I.
Arrcus unveils ACE-AI Networking Solution at MWC Las Vegas
Atlassian CTO: We were late moving to the cloud, on the ball with AI
Growth Acceleration Partners announces Mission Data acquisition
Python Type Hinting in Data Science Projects: A Must, a Maybe, or a No-No?
Eufy's new dual-lens security cameras can use AI to stitch together video recordings
What is Amazon's [redacted] 'Project Nessie' algorithm?
ProcessMaker releases New Generative AI-based Automation Platform
ClearScale unveils GenAI AppLink
Actors Strike Over AI: A Glimpse of Workers' Future?
Creating a LLaMa 2 Agent Empowered with Wikipedia Knowledge
OpenAI could be valued up to $90 billion if deal to sell employee shares closes
So, You Want To Improve Your RAG Pipeline
AI narrates 5,000 free audiobooks for Project Gutenberg
Is Data Democratization Overhyped?
pandas: work on your dtypes!
Microsoft starts rolling out a Windows 11 update that adds access to Windows Copilot and, .
Source: WGA and AMPTP's deal lets studios train AI models on writers' work, while writers .
Amazon Plans to Invest Up to $4 Billion into Pioneering AI Startup, Anthropic
How NOT to format time series data
AI needs human insight to reach its full potential against cyberattacks
Report: CIA eyes building AI chatbot to rival China
Iranian Authorities Say AI Could Help Issue Fatwas Faster Than Ever Before
5 easy ways to run an LLM locally
Teradata announced New ModelOps Capabilities in ClearScape Analytics
Confluent unveils Data Streaming for AI
Newegg now takes GPU trade-ins
iTech AG and Hyperscience announce strategic partnership
Digma launches Continuous Feedback Platform for Code
UK Quietly Replaces Independent AI Advisory Board
An OpenAI paper on GPT-4 with vision, or GPT-4V, shows some of the biases, shortcomings, .
LangChain 101: Part 2ab. All You Need to Know About (Large Language) Models
What is Bing Chat? Here's everything you need to know
People Disgusted With Flavor of Coke's AI-Generated Soda
Oops! Google Search caught publicly indexing users' conversations with Bard AI
Non-tech companies are seeking AI talent and offering six-figure salaries. Here's who's hiring &mdash; including .
OpenAI is reportedly raising funds at a valuation of $80 billion to $90 billion
Amazon Is Using Your Conversations With Alexa to Train AI
Mastering Customer Segmentation with LLM
Confluent's Data Streaming for AI initiative aims to boost AI app development
Building a Smart Travel Itinerary Suggester with LangChain, Google Maps API, and Gradio (Part 3)
Building a Smart Travel Itinerary Suggester with LangChain, Google Maps API, and Gradio (Part 2)
OpenAI Seeks $90 Billion Valuation in Possible Share Sale, WSJ Says
Building a Smart Travel Itinerary Suggester with LangChain, Google Maps API, and Gradio (Part 1)
Help me collect videos and posts from ICCV23!
Sources: OpenAI is pitching investors on a possible share sale that would value the startup .
Even the CIA is developing an AI chatbot
Off-grid DOA estimation via deep learning framework
Food-truck owners from marginalized communities are cooking up success with cloud-based POS systems and analytics .
Researchers detail a cross-origin attack affecting Chrome that lets a malicious site read pixels from .
Newegg makes upgrading easier with new GPU trade-in program
'Dev Home' Update Leads Developer Goodies in AI-Powered Windows 11 Update
Booz Allen Ventures announced strategic investment in HiddenLayey
Jensen Huang returns to Denny's where trillion-dollar company began
ChatGPT Cheat Sheet: Complete Guide for 2023
Microsoft adds AI-powered features to its SwiftKey mobile keyboard app for iOS and Android, including .
How does ChatGPT actually work?
YouTube unveils upcoming batch of AI tools for creators
Can you melt eggs? Quora's AI says  yes,  and Google is sharing the result
Elevenlabs launches free book classics narrated by high-quality AI voices
Tether spent ~$420M on 10K Nvidia H100 GPUs in a deal that will see it .
Amazon is set to supercharge Alexa with generative AI
Host Hundreds of NLP Models Utilizing SageMaker Multi-Model Endpoints Backed By GPU Instances
Amazon puts a cap on self-publishing to combat flood of AI-generated novels
Microsoft to roll out an AI Copilot for Windows 11 in new update
If you're cautious about using ML and bots at work, that's not a bad idea
If you have one of these 10 jobs, AI has some of the skills to .
Provocatively, Microsoft Researchers Say They Found  Sparks of Artificial Intelligence  in GPT-4
DALL-E 3 Announced, Photographers Can Opt Out of its Image Training Data
Matplotlib Tutorial: Let's Take Your Country Maps to Another Level
Researchers from China Introduce A Large-Scale, Real-World Multi-View Dataset Named 'FreeMan'
The AI 'Age of Uncertainty'
German news anchors fall victim to deepfake in AI-driven investment scam
Microsoft Researchers Introduce Kosmos-2.5: A Multimodal Literate Model for Machine Reading of Text-Intensive Images
AI-Generated 'Subliminal Messages' Are Going Viral. Here's What's Really Going On
This is an actual barcode created by AI as a piece of art. Scan it .
How to write better ChatGPT prompts for the best generative AI results
Why trust is critical to business applications of generative AI
ChatGPT And The Future Of Virtual Assistants
Copenhagen-based Corti, which offers an AI chatbot for hospitals, raised $60M co-led by Atomico and .
A writer whose AI-assisted essay went viral reflects on testing GPT-3 early, Sudowrite's novel generator, .
10 Exceptional Free Data Science Tools Launched in 2023
Amazon brings generative AI to Alexa
Danish AI Trained on Data From a Web Forum About Horses
How GitHub Copilot's Co-Creator Raised $126 Million to Compete with His Former Employer
[R] LEAP Hand: Low-Cost (<2KUSD), Anthropomorphic, Multi-fingered Hand -- Easy to Build (link in comments)
Novo Clinches AI-Driven Drug Deal Worth as Much as $2.7 Billion
Gen Z workers are freaking out about AI
OpenAI Has Just Killed Prompt Engineering With DALL-E 3
Boston-based Openly, which uses AI to generate home insurance quotes in 20+ US states, raised .
Franzen, Grisham and Other Prominent Authors Sue OpenAI
Google expands Studio Bot, its AI chatbot for Android Studio launched in May 2023 for .
Researchers from Seoul National University Introduces Locomotion-Action-Manipulation (LAMA): A Breakthrough AI Method for Efficient and .
Optimizing LLMs with C, and running GPT, Lama, Whisper on your laptop
Salesforce to acquire Airkit.ai, a low-code platform for building AI customer service agents
Q&A with outgoing Amazon SVP of Devices and Services Dave Limp on using generative AI .
ReactPy = React + Python ?
Klick Health launches ChatGPT Plugin for US Life Sciences Industry
Now You See Me (CME): Concept-based Model Extraction
Neurapix 'Kickstart' Can AI Edit Photos in Minutes with Just 20 Training Images
Cisco to Acquire Splunk for $28 Billion, Accelerating AI-Enabled Security and Observability
Is it just me or is Langchain is too complicated to understand and work with?
Building Generative AI Apps on Amazon Web Services   My First Experience
Latest Acquisition Powers AI-based Network Detection and Response and Open XDR Capabilities for WatchGuard
Amazon launches LLM version of Alexa
Price Drop: This AI-powered Productivity Tool is Only $25
Achieving Human-AI Collaboration With ChatGPT
Meet AudioSR: A Plug & Play and One-for-All AI Solution for Upsampling Audio to Incredible .
Andrew Ng: The AI Text Revolution Is Coming to Images
Shortwave's AI-powered assistant lets you ask questions about your email history
Mastering the Art of Prompt Fine-Tuning for Generative AI: Unleash the Full Potential
Forrester's 2024 Tech Leadership Predictions About AI, HR, Budget and Manufacturing
Amazon leader says new Gen AI Alexa is a 'super agent'
Learn AI for Free in 2023: The Expert List of Resources, Guidance, and Announced AI .
How to Implement Error Handling in Python with Try-Except Blocks
Dump growth stocks as 'illusion of tumbling inflation' and AI hype start to fade, investing .
OpenAI's ChatGPT Unveils Voice and Image Capabilities: A Revolutionary Leap in AI Interaction
Meet ProPainter: An Improved Video Inpainting (VI) AI Framework With Enhanced Propagation And An Efficient .
6 Hugging Face Tools To Identify Bias in ML Systems
MongoDB Unveils Generative AI Features for Atlas Vector Search
Meet the Amazon for Space
Is having a fake Data Scientist title good, bad, or neutral?
Accepted job offer as a Data Analyst
Anyone complete Google Professional Machine Learning/AI Engineer Certification?
Is Rust a thing in ML? [D]
[R] Automated Quality Assurance for Object Detection Datasets
[Research] Exciting New Paper on StyleGAN Domain Adaptation: StyleDomain - ICCV 2023
Windows 11's next big update is now available with Copilot, AI-powered Paint, and more
The Creator retreads familiar AI panic territory to stunningly inert effect
How to get rid of My AI on Snapchat for good
Addressing skin-color bias in facial recognition
Understanding how choice overload in ChatGPT recommendations impacts decision-making
Hollywood's actors are still on strike
[R] Microsoft Researchers Propose DIT Morality Test for LLMs To Quantify AI Moral Reasoning Abilities
Are you actually making your own NNs in 2023?
You ever start a new job, and feel like you have no idea what is .
The Speedy Challenger to Stable Diffusion
The writers strike is over: here's how AI negotiations shook out
Sources: Jony Ive and Sam Altman have been discussing building a new AI hardware device, .
Designer Jony Ive and OpenAI's Sam Altman Discuss AI Hardware Project
The Reversal Curse: Uncovering the Intriguing Limits of Language Models
Hollywood writers' strike ends with first-ever protections against AI
Microsoft Researchers Propose AI Morality Test for LLMs in New Study
Web Scraping News with 4 lines using Python
What software can handle large data, SAS or R?
Europe's generative AI startups, mapped
AI in Design Creation: Synergy of Technology and Artistry
AI Fantasy Fades as Wall Street Reels From Real-World Rate Jump
Amazon Restricts Authors to Self-Publishing Three Books a Day, a Totally Human Amount
Let's look at the deal that ended the Hollywood writers' strike
This AI Paper Introduces RMT: A Fusion of RetNet and Transformer, Pioneering a New Era .
Nvidia Illumina Acquisition: The AI Foundry for Healthcare   The Hardware of Life
ChatGPT maker value rockets in funding talks: report
Top 6 Javascript Libraries You Must Know
Whoop unveils a ChatGPT-powered AI coach. Here's how you can access it
GPU has An Energy Problem
Why ChatGPT isn't conscious   but future AI systems might be
automix.ai
King celebrates Candy Crush Saga's 15,000th level and $20B in revenue
CIA Builds its Own AI Chatbot
OpenAI's skyrocketing valuation could reach $90 billion, tripling since start of the year
This AI Paper from Microsoft Introduces a New Approach to Training Language Models: Mimicking Human .
unstock.ai
AI Cover Letter Generator by AIApply
OpenAI to Challenge Apple Watch
BulkGPT - Digital Process Automation
Abstract, ubiquitous and opaque: The challenges of AI regulation
How this Govt Initiative Found Moat in Oracle
The WGA strike ends with protections against AI set in place
AI Solutions by Remotebase
The WGA contract calls for streaming data transparency and guarantees on AI use, including preventing .
Can someone ELI5 the difference between DS types of work?
Challenges of Detecting AI-Generated Text
Optimizing for Taste
Anyone facing this in your organization?
AWS Data Engineer Associate Certification - Coming Soon
LLMs hype has killed data science
French billionaire Xavier Niel plans to invest &euro;200M in AI projects, including an Nvidia cloud .
Revolutionizing Panoptic Segmentation with FC-CLIP: A Unified Single-Stage Artificial Intelligence AI Framework
Coding Stable Diffusion from scratch in PyTorch, with full explanation of the maths behind diffusion .
SoundVerse AI
We built an interactive OWL-ViT demo!
Getting Started with Python: An Introduction for Beginners
Indian actor Anil Kapoor wins court battle over AI use of his likeness
OpenAI debuts DALL-E 3, which can be summoned and controlled using ChatGPT, and plans to .
Akamai launches new cloud computing regions in Asia, Europe and the Americas
Why Microsoft is Using Nuclear to Fuel Its Data Centers?
Automating Model Monitoring in MLOps: Leveraging AI to Track Performance and Detect Anomalies
Upwork in South Africa: The copywriter working 20 hours per day
The surprising leader in Europe's EVs
MIT's New AI-Powered Co-Pilot Will Redefine Aviation Safety
KDnuggets News, September 27: ChatGPT Projects Cheat Sheet   Introduction to PyTorch & Lightning AI
Jony Ive is reportedly developing an AI gadget with OpenAI's Sam Altman
It's High Time Apple Bought Stability AI
Tsinghua University Researchers Introduce OpenChat: A Novel Artificial Intelligence AI Framework Enhancing Open-Source Language Models .
Does AI have a right to free speech? Only if it supports our right to .
Why KPMG's head of AI strategy isn't worried consultants will become obsolete
I use AI to help me run my wedding business. The tools I use save .
Kickstart a New Well-Paid Tech Career With This $60 Training Bundle
Cyber Security & Cloud Expo: The alarming potential of AI-powered cybercrime
Oracle's Billion-Dollar Baby
[D] The quality of this sub
Everest.
The CIA says it's building a ChatGPT-style generative AI chatbot to aid data analysts
How Microsoft is Trying to Lessen Its Addiction to OpenAI as AI Costs Soar
Snap closes AR Enterprise Services, launched in March 2023 to let retailers adapt Snap's AR .
Kyber Knight's $120M fund will invest in tech startups and games
Gen Z isn't threatened by generative AI at work but feels unprepared to adopt it
Setting and Displaying Patroni's Max Connection Count
Snap to Shutter Business-Focused AR Unit That Just Launched This Year
Cloudflare launches new tools to help customers deploy and run AI models, including Workers AI, .
From physics to generative AI: An AI model for advanced pattern generation
CLAIRE AQuAs to return in autumn with trending AI topics. Join in!
Cloudflare launches new AI tools to help customers deploy and run models
Cloudflare ignites AI platform efforts with serverless inference, vectorize database and AI gateway
Power of Llama 2 with 32k Context Length
UK-France AI rivalry heats up with dual summits
Microsoft May Go Nuclear to Support Its Energy-Hungry AI
Meet LMSYS-Chat-1M: A Large-Scale Dataset Containing One Million Real-World Conversations with 25 State-of-the-Art LLMs
CIA planning its own ChatGPT-style tool, weeks after its tech chief urged users to treat .
Former Tinder CEO's startup to fight loneliness with AI chatbot gets backing by Sequoia
When Sam Met Ollie
Russian Tech Goliath Yandex Open Sources DataLens
MongoDB adds generative AI features to boost developer productivity
French billionaire Xavier Niel pledges to invest up to $210 million in AI
Mapping With GPT-4's Advanced Data Analysis Tool: A Comprehensive Example
Ubisoft, Mila And McGill Join Forces To Create New Research Chair On Responsible AI In .
Deploying Your First Machine Learning Model
AI Image of Tiananmen Square's Tank Man Rises to the Top of Google Search
AI Chatbot Lets You Quiz 2024 Presidential Candidates   in Their Own Words
Senser launches its AI-enhanced observability platform, raises $9.5M
AI Trust Grows When Hidden
We put our faith in Mercedes-Benz's first-of-its-kind autonomous Drive Pilot feature
Spotify now using AI to clone podcaster's voice into Spanish
20 Years of Steam: From Half-Life 2 to the Steam Deck
Why Google will Not Rank Websites Just Based on SEOs
How To Spot Red Flags In Your Startup's Business With Quantitative Tech Evaluation
Amazon's $4 Billion Anthropic Investment Looks to the Cloud
AI Hurricane Predictions Are Storming the World of Weather Forecasting
Tech bros keep obsessing about replacing the 'median human' with AI
This Article Was Written Half By A Human... And Half By AI.
What kind of algorithm do you use the most as a data science pro ?
AAAI 24 [Discussion]
EfficientViT: Memory Efficient Vision Transformer for High-Resolution Computer Vision
Enterprise workers gain 40 percent performance boost from GPT-4, Harvard study finds
The Hollywood at Home: DragNUWA is an AI Model That Can Achieve Controllable Video Generation
Microsoft pushes Copilot AI to Windows and Office as soon as next week
Sam Altman tracked how quickly people responded to his texts and emails to distinguish between .
You can have voice chats with ChatGPT now. Here's how
IBM Offers Free Generative AI Training Courses
OpenAI's DALL-E 3 has an incredible attention to detail
CLSA: China has at least 130 LLMs, accounting for 40% of the global total and .
[D][P] AI Phone Call API built on top of ChatGPTs API
Exploring Julia Programming Language: Unit Testing
What's wrong with this picture? Face analysis program helps to find answers
Off-price fashion shopping app Yaysay gives users 30 minutes per day to shop
Ex-Apple Designer Jony Ive and OpenAI's Sam Altman Discussing AI Hardware Device; Why Open-Source and .
Harmonizing Digital CX Channels: The Four-Quadrant Synergy Model of Chatbots and ChatGPT in Modern.
5 Free Books to Help You Master Python
Python Evaluates Assignments From Right To Left
Mercedes take the wheel: Testing Drive Pilot L3 autonomy in traffic
Amazon is investing $4 billion in OpenAI competitor Anthropic
Lagos building collapses: we used machine learning to show where and why they happen
An OpenAI staffer who had 'personal, emotional' conversations with ChatGPT has sparked a massive debate .
iPhone Designer Jony Ive Reportedly Discussing a Mystery Hardware Project With OpenAI
Google's Standoff with AI Chip 'Shark' Broadcom
What is intelligence? For millennia, western literature has suggested it may be a liability
I went hands-on with Microsoft's new AI features, and these 5 are the most useful
Australian federal police using AI to analyse data obtained under surveillance warrants
Deci AI Unveils DeciDiffusion 1.0: A 820 Million Parameter Text-to-Image Latent Diffusion Model and 3x .
Bringing Still Pictures to Life with Neural Motion Textures
Spotify tests using AI to automatically clone and translate podcast voices
Hollywood Writers Win Promise: No Robots Will Get Screen Credits
Meta Solves Python's Problem of the Not-so-Immutable Objects
Cloud, privacy and AI: Trends defining the future of data and databases
LG Gram Pro 17 review: a Gram with more gusto
Generative AI in Finance: FinGPT, BloombergGPT & Beyond
AI is a surveillance technology, says Signal boss
How to Boost Productivity With the Help of AI
Mythos Ventures grabs $14M for inaugural fund to invest in AI
Revefi secures $10.5M in seed funding, launches AI-powered enterprise data platform
Dataiku Introduces LLM Mesh with Key Partners
Looking For The Best AI Art Generator? Look No Further! (Definitive Guide for 2023)
Immersive Tech Obscures Reality. AI Will Threaten It
I asked ChatGPT what he thought of our open source project. Here's what it says.
Mojo : Head-to-Head with Python and Numba
Innovative AI Company Luda Reveals Revolutionary Real-Time Reinforcement Learning System
Google's Search AI Says You Can Melt Eggs. Its Source Will Make You Facepalm
Getty Images Debuts Generative AI Text-to-Image Tool Safe From Lawsuits
Don't Start Your Data Science Journey Without These 5 Must-Do Steps From a Spotify Data .
Sources: Meta plans to release AI chatbots with personalities, internally called Gen AI Personas, across .
A Hackers' Guide to Language Models
How long will a loved one live? It's difficult to hear, but harder not to .
Fake naked pictures of young girls created with AI spark fury in a small Spanish .
The Hollywood Writers' Strike Is Over and Yes, Studios Can Use AI
Blue Eye Samurai Cuts It Up in a Bloody, Slick First Trailer
The future of AI is wide, deep, and large
How to use Speech AI systems for podcast hosting, editing, and monetization
EY's AI Leaders on Optimizing Your AI Workforce
Don't forget to jargon-check your AI
Building Chat LangChain
Why Bankrate Gave Up on AI-Generated Articles
Data Version Control for Data Lakes: Handling the Changes in Large Scale
Investing In AI? Here Is What To Consider
'The economics of trading equity for compute are not great'   Mistral releases its first .
Free Course: Essentials of Developing Omniverse Kit Applications
Zerobroker eliminates freight broker fees with AI-powered logistics platform
Research Focus: Week of September 25, 2023
OpenAI is reportedly in talks with Jony Ive about a hardware project
Mark Zuckerberg takes the stage later today for Meta's annual conference. Get ready for new .
useLocation Hook in React Router
[R] The Internal State of an LLM Knows When its Lying
Nvidia Engineer's Message to Google AI Researchers: Leave Your Company
Meet BlindChat: An Open-Source Artificial Intelligence Project to Develop Fully in-Browser and Private Conversational AI
Amazon to invest up to $4 billion in AI startup Anthropic
[D] GPT2 diagrams are wrong
Meta to launch AI chatbots played by Snoop Dogg and Kendall Jenner
Google was accidentally leaking its Bard AI chats into public search results
Everything announced at Meta Connect: Quest 3 release date, smart glasses and Meta AI
Meta Connect 2023: Everything you need to know about Quest 3 VR, Ray-Ban smart glasses .
Meta parties like it's 2015, brings new chatbots to its messaging apps
B2B payments startup Slope, which in April debuted SlopeGPT as the first GPT-powered payments risk .
A 5G-powered wildfire-detection tool is helping first responders contain fires faster
Qualcomm unveils the Snapdragon XR2 Gen 2 for XR devices, with 2.5x GPU and 8x .
Meet the A.I. Jane Austen: Meta Weaves A.I. Throughout Its Apps
Meta's Second-Gen Ray-Ban Smart Glasses Sport Better Cameras and AI
Meta announces 'universe of AI' for Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp
Mark Zuckerberg unveils new AI assistants embodied by celebs like Tom Brady and Kendall Jenner .
Congress's Lone Surgeon Wants States to Regulate AI
Campfire enables 3D collaboration for enterprises on Meta Quest 3
Hollywood Writers Reached an AI Deal That Will Rewrite History
The New ChatGPT Can 'See' and 'Talk.' Here's What It's Like.
Bard conversations turn up in Google search results; Google says Bard lets users share chats, .
OpenAI lets ChatGPT loose on the Internet again
Mistral AI makes its first large language model free for everyone
Generative AI image editing is coming to Instagram
Integration propels machine vision: Research reviews in-sensor visual perception and inference
Artifact is becoming Twitter, too
New report from Deloitte Canada highlights the social and economic impacts of the Pan-Canadian AI .
Interview with Mark Zuckerberg on Threads, the future of AI, Quest 3, his rivalry with .
CoreWeave Nears Stake Sale to Fidelity, Others at $7 Billion Valuation
Finding Bathroom Faucets with Embeddings
Meta is unleashing more than 25 AI chatbot personalities onto the world
Meta debuts AI Studio to let developers build custom chatbots
To Bring Socializing Back to Social Networks, Apps Try A.I. Imagery
Generative AI stickers are coming to Meta's apps along with AI editing
Meta Brings Chatbots, Image Editing to Social Media Apps
Simulating Conversations with ChatGPT
10 Trending Topics Coming to ODSC West 2023
Qualcomm announces two new Snapdragon chips for next-gen headsets and smart glasses
Mark Zuckerberg on Threads, the future of AI, and Quest 3
What is artificial general intelligence really about? Conquering the last leg of the AI arms .
The Meta Quest 3 lets you play with virtual Legos in your real living room
UNC Researchers Present VideoDirectorGPT: Using AI to Generate Multi-Scene Videos from Text
SoundThinking, Maker of ShotSpotter, Is Buying Parts of PredPol Creator Geolitica
The Face of Data Bias
Meta's Quest 3 headset launches October 10, starts at $499
ASIS GSX 2023: Physical Security Insights From Deep In The Heart Of Texas
OpenAI's GPT-4 With Vision Still Has Flaws, Reveals Paper
Head of AI and Similar Leadership Roles are Here to Stay, says Deloitte AI Ethicist
Meta announces AI-generated chat stickers for Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger, and unveils new AI-powered .
Europe's largest seeded startup Mistral AI releases first model, outperforming Llama 2 13B
Meet DreamLLM: An AI Framework to Improve Multimodal Generations
Meta unveils a Meta AI assistant for WhatsApp, Messenger, and Instagram, and 28 AI characters .
The guy who designed the iPhone and MacBook is reportedly talking to ChatGPT boss Sam .
Meta is putting AI chatbots everywhere
Facebook and Instagram will soon get a slew of AI-powered creator tools
OpenAI gives ChatGPT access to the entire internet
Workday unveils new HR-focused generative AI features
Sources: Meta VP of Infrastructure Alexis Black Bjorlin, who oversees the company's efforts to develop .
Meta Rolls Out Higher-Priced Quest 3 Headset, Just Ahead of Apple's Vision Pro
LLMs and Data Privacy: Navigating the New Frontiers of AI
OpenAI eyes share sale that could triple its valuation to $90 billion, behind only ByteDance .
Canada wants to be the first country to implement AI regulations: Minister of Innovation
OpenAI Employee Discovers Eliza Effect, Gets Emotional
Warner Music CEO Robert Kyncl says AI to impact the music industry within the next .
How AI and AR could increase the risk of problem gambling for online sports betting
Can someone pretend to be my manager, and give me advice like I am the .
Embers of Autoregression: Understanding Large Language Models Through the Problem They are Trained to Solve
AI Pushes The Metaverse Into The Horizon At Meta Connect 2023
ChatGPT can now search the web in real time
Meta filmed Mr Beast, Paris Hilton and 26 more to build celebrity AIs based on .
OpenAI says ChatGPT can now browse the internet and it's  no longer limited to data .
Protecting customer trust with AI is the future of e-commerce
Meta Unveils New Image-Generation Model, AI Assistant as AI Race Heats Up
Meta Says Instagram is Set to Receive AI-Based Editing Features 'Soon'
Will AI kill our creativity? It could   if we don't start to value and .
Unlocking the Power of Session State in Streamlit (1/2)
Warner Music Group CEO Says We Should Embrace AI in the Music Industry
LG Gram 17 Pro review: a discrete GPU, lightweight at 3.2 lbs, a 144Hz screen, .
Even the Google Trial Is Talking Up the Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce Rumors
The Meta AI Chatbot Is Mark Zuckerberg's Answer to ChatGPT
Imitation Models and the Open-Source LLM Revolution
The 3 biggest AI announcements at Meta Connect: Meta AI, Snoop Dogg, more
DINO   A Foundation Model for Computer Vision
Strike Ends With Writers Guild Forcing Concessions on AI
Meta's new AI chatbots let you ask celebrities your most burning questions
Instagram Launches Chatbots Modeled on MrBeast, Charli D'Amelio
Perhaps AI Is Modern Alchemy. And That's Not a Bad Thing
ChatGPT is allowed to browse the internet once again
Implementation of Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model using Pytorch
FedEx's New Robot Loads Delivery Vans Like It's Playing 3D Tetris
Microsoft is testing a DALL-E-powered text-to-image creator in Paint for Windows 11
Snoop Dogg's a Dungeon Master and All of Meta's Other AI Announcements
OpenAI Employee Says She's Never Tried Therapy But ChatGPT Is Pretty Much a Replacement For .
Meta just entered the AI chatbot race - with three major product announcements
Jony Ive and OpenAI's Altman reportedly collaborating on mysterious AI device
Feeling Defeated
Should I complete certs while looking for a job?
Adobe's full Photoshop on the web launch includes its popular desktop AI tools
From AI Assistant to image restyler: Meta's new AI features
Unions claim win as Hollywood studios agree generative AI isn't an author
Palantir Wins $250 Million AI Deal With US Defense Department
Radiant Logic Announces Expanded Identity Analytics and Data Management Platform Capabilities
Experiments, Model Training & Evaluation: Exploring 6 Key MLOps Questions using AWS SageMaker
Meta Connect: Meta Quest 3 Will be Available Oct 10
AIs accurately predicted path of Hurricane Lee a week out
Google, Meta and Apple Set to Win US Approval for Virtual Reality Devices
Researchers from MIT and CUHK Propose LongLoRA (Long Low-Rank Adaptation), An Efficient Fine-Tuning AI Approach .
What is Google Bard? Here's everything you need to know
How to use ChatGPT to plan a vacation
How can an LLM play chess well?
Heated debate with leadership because of Excel
Really shitty coding skills
OpenAI reinstates ChatGPT's internet browsing privileges
Unveiling the Secrets of Multimodal Neurons: A Journey from Molyneux to Transformers
Teamsters urge NHTSA to deny Cruise Origin exemption
Paris-based Mistral AI makes its first LLM, Mistral 7B, which the company claims outperforms open .
How Does Stable Audio by Stability AI Work?
Why the AI Race Is Getting Weird
The US DoD awards Palantir a three-year $250M R&D contract for AI services, building on .
Predicting Poverty Reduction in Nigeria: A Machine Learning Approach
Using language models for code generation works better when limited to a specific domain
Cyberpunk Multiverse
[R] UNC Researchers Present VideoDirectorGPT: Using AI to Generate Multi-Scene Videos from Text
Meta AI's Long-Context LLMs: Redefining the Landscape of Natural Language Processing
After Strike, Hollywood Writers Secure Guardrails Against AI
Getty Images Has Launched a  Commercially Safe  Text-to-Image Generator
Data Access API over Data Lake Tables Without the Complexity
Hands-on with ChatGPT's image recognition and voice features: image recognition isn't perfect and refuses to .
Meta's celebrity AIs are generated AI animations built from filming the 28 people they represent; .
Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI celebrities interacting with fans could be a 'next year' thing
What is Model Merging?
Balancing Act: Tips for Cost Optimization in AWS Data Lake Architectures
Poetry (Packaging) in motion
Mistral 7B Beats Llama 2 13B on All Benchmarks
10 best practices for securely developing with AI
ChatGPT Got Internet Access!
Anyone else struggling to switch jobs?
scBridge embraces cell heterogeneity in single-cell RNA-seq and ATAC-seq data integration
Meet India's First Space-tech Company to Bring Edge Computing to Space
Building Better ML Systems   Chapter 4. Model Deployment and Beyond
OpenAI is the new Apple
This AI Paper Introduces the COVE Method: A Novel AI Approach to Tackling Hallucination in .
Docalysis Batch
SoundThinking, which makes the sensor-based gunshot-detection system ShotSpotter, acquires parts of Geolitica, which built the .
Oracle Doesn't Want You to Care About Data Anymore
Qualcomm Unveils XR and AR Platforms for Next-Gen Immersive Experiences
Microsoft Proposes Morality Test for LLMs: Is AI on the Naughty or Nice List?
Linear Algebra 1: Linear Equations and Systems
What If We Could Easily Explain Overly Complex Models?
Social Network Analysis with NetworkX: A Gentle Introduction
Multimodal AI's will cause people to embrace their own reality bubbles and that is bad .
Sam Altman-backed Slope raises $30M for AI-powered B2B payments platform
How Anybrain is Using AI to Fight Video Game Hackers
Simpler.ai
AI is taking jobs away from Chinese streamers and online retailers
Mistral AI is Making Generative AI Fun
Adobe launches Photoshop's web version with Firefly-powered AI tools
The New ChatGPT
Sources: OpenAI and Jony Ive's LoveFrom are in advanced talks with Masayoshi Son to raise .
Make Notion search great again: vector embeddings
Meta's Quest 3 VR/AR Headset Has Shades of Apple Vision Pro
ChatGPT has come of age and can now browse the internet
Allegro Uses Control Theory for Workload Balancing in Its Apache Kafka PubSub Platform
YouTube Unveils AI tools for Creators: From AI Backgrounds to Dubbing
AI chip crunch: Startups vie for Nvidia's vital component
AIhub monthly digest: September 2023   uncovering concepts in deep-learning models, pollinator policies, and all .
In Hollywood writers' battle against AI, humans win (for now)
Bluedot
ScreenshotAI
Dashboards by Basedash
Unycorn
NoPasswords.xyz
Country Lyrics AI
Graph Feature vector (embedding) [D]
Why Gmail is Becoming Less Accessible for Some
You can now ask Paint on Windows 11 to create images for you
Cracking the LeetCode 905. Sort Array By Parity By Nilesh
Google DeepMind: Being More Human to AI Makes It Perform Better
Unlocking Multimodal AI with Open AI: GPT-4V's Vision Integration and Its Impact
[P] Request to Test PyMilo: A New Python Library for Machine Learning I/O
Don't Blame AI. Plagiarism Is Turning Digital News into Hot Garbage
Elon Musk's Starlink Poised for Indian Government Approval
Marrying Pixel and Latent Diffusion Models for Efficient and High-Quality Text-to-Video Generation
Adobe's Iconic Photoshop Comes To Web After Two Years Of Beta
European Central Bank assembles 'infinity team' to identify GenAI applications
Use AI to Analyze Videos
What AI makes images that subtle forms a word like this one?
Smart Control of Traffic Lights using AI
Getting emotional with LLMs can increase performance by 115% (Case Study)
Deployment & Serving: Exploring 6 Key MLOps Questions using AWS SageMaker
Oracle Pumps Up it's Arm with Ampere
Synapse CoR: ChatGPT with a Revolutionary Twist
Nextdata is building data meshes for the enterprise
AlphaSense, an AI-based market intel firm, snaps up $150M at a $2.5B valuation
Meet ReVersion: A Novel AI Diffusion-Based Framework to Address the Relation Inversion Task from Images
Meta double downs on AI integration
Make sure the python env is always running in cloud shell.
The Morning After: Meta unveils AI personalities, Meta Quest 3 and new smart glasses
Enterprises Steer Their Way with AI Copilots
Cloudflare loosens AI from the network edge using GPU-accelerated Workers
More Than You Ever Wanted to Know About the Nvidia CEO's Leather Jacket
Amazon Could Flag AI Books. AI-Detection Startups Say It Just Doesn't
Unleashing the Power of AI in Paid Search Marketing: Insights from Industry Expert
Edge 330: Inside DSPy: Stanford University's LangChain Alternative
Capgemini Acquires HDL Design To Expand Semiconductor Capabilities
Raspberry Pi 5 is Here
Cloudflare Introduces AI-powered Suite To Fast Track App Development
Microsoft is trying to reduce its reliance on OpenAI by developing a cheaper, less powerful .
The new AI assistants may not speak your language
insideBIGDATA AI News Briefs   9/28/2023
Chip industry strains to meet AI-fueled demands   will smaller LLMs help?
Generative AI News This Week - Cloud Wars and LLMs, NVIDIA Revenue, Mailchimp, Hubspot, Intuit, .
Sidekick
Google to block Bard conversations from being indexed on Search
Meta reveals new AI tools while Mistral shares its AI model
Gmail Will Become Less Accessible for Some From 2024
Details emerge on Jony Ive and OpenAI's plan to build the 'iPhone of artificial intelligence'
Chats, images, assistants: Meta unveils generative AI apps and new image model
I watched YouTube in a self-driving Mercedes and experienced the future of commuting
OpenAI's GPTBot and other AI web crawlers are being blocked by even more companies now
Network Analysis with R workshop
Microsoft Researchers Announce CodePlan: Automating Complex Software Engineering Tasks with AI
[Discussion] Interesting interview question
[D] How Does Your Organization Approach Machine Learning Projects Phase by Phase?
New open source LLM Mistral 7B outperforms larger Meta Llama models
Medium will aim to block AI companies from training on posts published on Medium until .
Will AI kill our creativity? It could, if we don't start to value and protect .
How  Correct  are LLM Evaluators?
Artifact co-founder Mike Krieger says there's a 'flavor' of Twitter in app's latest release
Adobe Photoshop on the Web Launches Packed with AI Tools
Zapier launches Canvas, an AI-powered flowchart tool
The Noonification: How Anybrain is Using AI to Fight Video Game Hackers (9/28/2023)
Google announces  1.5m AI scholarship for Ireland's undergrads
Adam Ross Nelson on Confident Data Science
Unlocking the Power of Session State in Streamlit (2/2)
Six Months Ago Elon Musk Called for a Pause on AI. Instead Development Sped Up
Six imperatives for building AI-first companies
Introducing Chat with Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
Introduction to Cloud Computing for Data Science
Google is opening up its generative AI search experience to teenagers
This AI Paper Introduces Quilt-1M: Harnessing YouTube to Create the Largest Vision-Language Histopathology Dataset
More and more LLMs in biz products, but who'll take responsibility for their output?
The newest new thing? Continuous feedback platforms that keep bad results tied to AI code .
AI language models can exceed PNG and FLAC in lossless compression, says study
Amazon CodeWhisperer gains an enterprise tier
NVIDIA H100 System Sets Records for HPC and Generative AI Financial Risk Calculations
Amazon announces the general availability of Bedrock, unveiled in April to offer generative AI models .
Making AI More Accessible With LLM Alignment, Prompt Engineering Skills, and a 2-for-1 ODSC West.
UK quietly dismisses independent AI advisory board, alarming tech sector
'Biggest act of copyright theft in history': thousands of Australian books allegedly used to train .
Nexusflow raises $10.6 to build a conversational interface for security tools
Can AI code? In baby steps only
IBM Tries to Ease Customers' Qualms About Using Generative A.I.
ChatGPT can finally access the internet in real time, but there's a catch
Sisense Unveils Compose SDK for Fusion
Amazon launches its Bedrock generative AI service in general availability
Uber Freight Adds AI Tools to Compete in Shrinking Cargo Market
Vogue's Controversial Exhibtion Will Show AI Images Alongside Real Photos
In which countries do junior Data Scientists find the most promising opportunities?
Microsoft is testing an AI-powered image creator for Windows 11 Paint
Bumble CEO Whitney Wolfe Herd shares how AI will 'supercharge' love and relathionships
AI Frontiers: Measuring and mitigating harms with Hanna Wallach
Top Six Data Quality Fixes to Maximize AI Potential
OpenAI collaborates with legendary former Apple designer Jony Ive on consumer AI product
Building Trust in AI with ID Verification
The Business Benefits Of ChatGPT: From Customer Support To Marketing
AI Startups Are Trying to Make Usage-Based Pricing Happen
How Generative AI Can Support DevOps and SRE Workflows
Diving into the Pool: Unraveling the Magic of CNN Pooling Layers
As Meta brings AI to apps, Google Bard's fail offers cautionary tale
Navigating the High-Concurrency Challenges of User-Facing Analytics
AI is getting better at hurricane forecasting
[P] BionicGPT - ChatGPT replacement that let's you run R.A.G on confidential data
Report: Jony Ive and OpenAI CEO Raise $1B to Design the 'iPhone of AI'
[N] First Impressions with GPT-4V(ision)
Prompt Engineering Tips, a Neural Network How-To, and Other Recent Must-Reads
Blend uses generative AI to give you a personalized clothing guide
UiPath's cofounder uses GenAI to write poetry. That's just the beginning
What comes after AIOps? Atera says it's AI powered IT (AIT)
AI Marketing Startup Jasper's CEO to Be Replaced With Ex-Dropbox President
Exclusive: Microsoft opens AI Co-Innovation Lab in San Francisco to empower Bay Area startups
Lightning AI Teases App Development Platform   an 'OS for AI'
Outcomes Drive Your Data Architecture Strategy
The AI Boom: Practical Guide to Generative AI for Small Businesses
ChatGPT goes multimodal: now supports voice, image uploads
Amazon's 'Switzerland' Days Are Over; Are LLMs Cheating on Benchmark Tests?; OpenAI Quietly Develops Customizable .
Oorja Raises $1.5 million in Pre-Series A funding
This is a data analyst position.
[P] Hands-on open-source workflows for voice AI
Enhancing AI robustness for more secure and reliable systems
Canada university names first-of-its-kind chief AI officer. More may be coming
<=60s - Python
The search for a 5G killer app that's 'bigger than connectivity'
Redefining Conversational AI with Large Language Models
Medium hints at a nascent media coalition to block AI crawlers
New Data Demonstrates that 2023 was the Hottest Summer Ever
Announcing DagsHub Support for DVC 3.0
An Alternative Approach to Visualizing Feature Relationships in Large Datasets
Navigating the Mind of GPT: How to Elicit Clarity and Avoid AI Hallucinations
OpenAI May Be in Big Legal Trouble
The Hollywood Writers AI Deal Sure Puts a Lot of Trust in Studios to Do .
Startup Aims for Real-Time 'Human-Level' AI Transcripts
OpenAI turning to designer Jony Ive for 'AI iPhone': report
How LLMs Helped Me Build an ODBC Plugin for Steampipe
iPhone 15 Pro users can replace Siri with ChatGPT. Here's how
Pilot is a social travel hub that uses AI to help you plan, book and .
AWS announces general availability of Amazon Bedrock featuring Claude 2 and Llama 2
New resource for domestic abuse survivors combines AI, cybersecurity and psychology
Spotify will use OpenAI's tech to translate podcasts to more languages
The generative AI boom could make the OS cool again
Google opens up Search Generative Experience to teens aged 13-17 in the US and adds .
AI-generated nude images of Spanish children spark legal debate over child pornography
AlphaSense Hits $2.5B Valuation In Busy Day For AI Funding
[N] CUDA Architect and Cofounder of MLPerf: AMD's ROCM has achieved software parity with CUDA
Luda raises $7M in funding for AI training simulation
Looking Beyond the Hype Cycle of AI/ML in Cybersecurity
Lagos building collapses: Researchers use machine learning to show where and why they happen
Reviewing AI Code Search Tools
AI-Generated Yappers Have Yet to Rankle the Podcast Industry
Google adds a switch for publishers to opt out of becoming AI training data
ChatGPT Can Now Give You Real-time Information
Automatio + SpreadSheet + ChatGPT =
Meta Unfolds a 'Universe of AI' Across Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp
Meta Propels User Interaction Forward with AI-Powered Assistants and Characters
Newsrooms around the world are using AI to optimize work, despite concerns about bias and .
France's competition authority says it raided a company in the  graphics cards sector  as part .
Nvidia Linked to Dawn Raid by French Competition Regulators
CMU Researchers Introduce AdaTest++: Enhancing the Auditing of Large Language Models through Advanced Human-AI Collaboration .
Re-weighted gradient descent via distributionally robust optimization
Preventing Health Data Leaks with Federated Learning Using NVIDIA FLARE
Automated healthcare? Plenful emerges from stealth with $10M to streamline medical admin
Little Caesars knows what you're going to order before you do. With AI tools, soon .
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Sir Jony Ive may team up to create  iPhone of .
A Silicon Valley Supergroup Is Coming Together to Create an A.I. Device
VCs Dangle AI Chips to Woo Founders
Your website can now opt out of training Google's Bard and future AIs
Enterprise-focused AI startup Cohere launches demo chatbot Coral and Chat API
ChatGPT tackles controversial issues better than before: From bias to moderation
Q&A: Assessing the risks of existential terrorism and AI
No changelog for your open source project? We'll make one for you for Hacktoberfest!
A Practical Introduction to PySpark
Are you an HTML expert? Find out with the new State of HTML 2023 survey
Google lets publishers use a robots.txt flag to opt out of the company using their .
Why Meta Is Betting on Snoop Dogg to Win the AI Chatbot Race
This AI Paper Dives into Embodied Evaluations: Unveiling the Tong Test as a Novel Benchmark .
AI sensors and WiFi networks that provide workplace insights are antidotes for some companies combating .
Meta launches consumer AI chatbots with celebrity avatars in its social apps
Meta Connect: Meta Quest 3 Mixed Reality Headset Will be Available Oct 10
Multithreading in Python: the obvious and the incredible
Everyone always talks about LLMs/ML in data science but no one ever talks about experimentation, .
ChatGPT: Everything you need to know about the AI-powered chatbot
What is Left for OpenAI Dev Day
Researchers from the University of Washington and Google have Developed Distilling Step-by-Step Technology to Train .
This AI Paper Proposes LLM-Grounder: A Zero-Shot, Open-Vocabulary Approach to 3D Visual Grounding for Next-Gen .
Prompt Engineering Evolution: Defining the New Program Simulation Prompt Framework
Embracing AI Is the Battle Plan For Philippines' Call Centers
Conversations as Directed Graphs with LangChain
Is This the End of Human Therapists?
AI Docs
Sources: the UK is pushing Google, OpenAI, and Anthropic for unprecedented access to examine the .
Energy supply and demand optimisation: mathematical modelling using Gurobi Python
The Multi-Task Optimization Controversy
Run Llama 2 70B on Your GPU with ExLlamaV2
XGBoost: Intro, Step-by-Step Implementation, and Performance Comparison
Creating a Simple Chatbot with Context on Amazon Bedrock
Meta's Quest 3 is scheduled to get upper body tracking and AI estimated legs, called .
Google is expanding its AI-powered search experience to teenagers
How to be a better data scientist and catch up faster with smarter colleagues?
Jasper, an Early Generative AI Winner, Cuts Internal Valuation as Growth Slows
Medium asks AI bot crawlers to please, please don't scrape bloggers' musings
JimakuAI
[D] How is this sub not going ballistic over the recent GPT-4 Vision release?
Fine-Tuning Models using Prompt-Tuning with Hugging Face's PEFT Library
Is GitHub Copilot a Game-Changer?
Shiny in Production: Sponsors
Interview fears
Not gaining any traction in this market
I Guess We're All Talking to Our Glasses Now
Getting started with the Datasette Cloud API
Browser-based Photoshop launches on all plans, no free version for now
What a $90B Valuation Says About OpenAI's Traction and Revenue Growth
Temporal Edge Regression with PyTorch Geometric
You can now talk to ChatGPT and show it pictures
Landing AI Seeks Speed and Simplicity for Computer Vision Apps
OpenAI in talks with Jony Apple Ive and Softbank over iPhone-but-for-AI monster
You ever start a new job and hate it?
Character.AI in Early Talks for Funding at More Than $5 Billion Valuation
According to Analyst: Apple 'Far Behind' Microsoft, Google on Generative AI
Mistral AI Releases Generative AI Model Competitor to Meta's Llama 2
Watch Mark Zuckerberg awkwardly attempt to hype a Snoop Dogg chatbot
Researchers unveil tool to help developers create augmented reality task assistants
Shanghai-based AI chipmaker Enflame raised a ~$273.7M Series D from state capital operator Shanghai International .
Nvidia offices raided by French competition authority
Machine Learning pays 15-40% more than Data Science - why?
Big Fancy Company Has No Clue What Data Science Is
Looks like NVIDIA got raided by French antitrust authorities
Quoting Andrej Karpathy
The Beginning of the AI Phone Wars
Meta Connect 2023: Reporting Live From the Metaverse   Again
Data Science for Beginners: 2023 - 2024 Complete Roadmap.
How to use Google Bard: What to do and what not to do
Los Static Site Generators. HTML y CSS Vanilla?!
Google will let publishers hide their content from its insatiable AI
[D] How do we know Closed source released benchmarks aren't being heavily optimized, through outside .
Stack your Enterprise's Odds for Success: AI Pilot to Production
Applied Intelligence Live! day 1: Chair's closing remarks from Applied Intelligence Live! 2023 Austin
Operationalizing Verticalized AI: From Rhetoric to Reality
Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 vs. RTX 4060 Ti 16GB: Is It Worth Spending the Extra .
Opening Address: Austin's Role in Powering the US Tech Ecosystem
Activating PINNTELLIGENCE at The Edge
The 10 Biggest Rounds Of September: Anthropic And Stack AV Lead Big Month
Microsoft Sees Artificial Intelligence and Nuclear Energy as Dynamic Duo
Meta challenges ChatGPT with chatbot, OpenAI fires back with new features
AI Bill of Rights: Governance and Ethics
Fireside Friday with. LSEG's Neill Penney and Bart Joris
Llama 3 Might Not be Open Source
The Future of Infrastructure is Precision Technology
UK, Switzerland, and Sweden set for biggest economic boosts from AI in Europe
Nvidia's offices raided by antitrust enforcers in France
French antitrust authorities raid Nvidia's local offices
Genpact, AWS to Fight Financial Crime with Generative AI
The Evolution from  Digital Twin  to  Cognitive Digital Twin
Reshaping Finance: Fundraising Dynamics Pre & Post Pandemic
The job listing app where you can slide into a recruiter's DMs
Above the Trend Line    Your Industry Rumor Central for 9/29/2023
Confluent Announces Apache Flink on Confluent Cloud in Open Preview
How AI, Smart Infrastructure, Digital Twins, Quantum Computing & More Will Transform Industry & Enterprises
Not only is your Kia or Hyundai surprisingly easy to steal &mdash; it might also .
AI-generated phishing scams are convincing enough to lure 39% of Americans, study finds
The Need for LLM Benchmarks in India
Start snapping up AI leaders again because tech stocks' slump has made them undervalued, UBS .
A New Free AI Tool Makes Creating Charts Easier Than Ever
OpenAI offers a way for creators to opt out of AI training data. It's so .
Nvidia's French offices raided for anti-competitive practices: Report
A crisis of spending and cloud-based GenAI
Applied Intelligence Live! day 2: opening remarks
Green Room AI
Diverse threat intelligence key to cyberdefense against nation-state attacks
Did OpenAI Just Kill Plugins?
Nvidia CEO's signature leather jackets are so popular that websites are selling lookalikes using his .
Books 3 has revealed thousands of pirated Australian books. In the age of AI, is .
No Offense Intended: Offensive Hacking In A Modern Context
Nvidia reportedly raided by French antitrust authorities
DEV: Followers != Readers
Coca-Cola Introduces Y3000: Its First Ever AI-Created Flavor
Deloitte Ireland revenue grew by 12pc over past year
25 million Creative Commons image dataset released!
Vise Intelligence is a new AI to assist   not replace   financial advisors
Amazon Bedrock is now generally available as AWS enterprise GenAI efforts get serious
Billionaire investor Bill Ackman channeled Warren Buffett when he bet big on Alphabet this spring
ChatGPT can browse the web for answers once again, voice and image recognition are also .
My General Topic Classification Model   From Labelling to Deployment
Engadget Podcast: Meta's Quest 3, AI and Ray-Ban smart glasses
AI disinformation is a threat to elections   learning to spot Russian, Chinese and Iranian .
Bringing AI to reality
How Close to The Terminator Are We: The Future Impact of Quantum Computing and AI
Dell's Digital Human: Scaling Augmented Human Tasks
Innovation Redefined: Diversity as the Fuel for Driving Innovation in Emerging Tech Applications
Venturing Beyond the Limits: Exploring the Frontier of Generative AI and Information Extraction
Guest Post: Build Trustworthy LLM Apps With Rapid Evaluation, Experimentation and Observability*
A Comparative Overview of the Top 10 Open Source Data Science Tools in 2023
What Humans Lose When AI Writes for Us
The Applied Intelligence Awards
Unlocking Tomorrow's Enterprise: A Primer on Active Inference AI & the Spatial Web for Organization-Wide .
Women Leaders in Tech: Shaping the Future of Enterprises and Society
No passion for data science, what jobs can I get?
[P] vLLM with Mistral 7B guide
How do you do, fellow kids: Facebook is rolling out new AI characters to lure .
The synthetic social network is coming
How AI Helps With Education Automation And Management
French AI darling Mistral's new LLM can teach bomb building   researchers say that's a .
Murf AI Review: The Ultimate AI Voice Generator in 2023?
Ohio State University Researchers Are Using AI to Understand Changing Biodiversity
Paris-based Mistral releases first generative AI model   and it's totally free
Hey Zuck, Get Those Robots out of My Social Feed
The promising alliance of generative and discriminative AI
Full-Stack AI at Your Fingertips
Sifted podcast: Can French AI startup Mistral ever compete with Big Tech?
Interact With Your PDFs Using Python
It's not just you. Everyone hates the return to office
[P] OpenGL-based inference engine
Swedish gaming company replaces half its staff with AI
[D] Multi-task learning leads to overfitting. Is this the double descent phenomenon?
No 10 worried AI could be used to create advanced weapons that escape human control
Talking Large Language Models with Rooftop Ruby
How Palantir Became a Front-Runner for the UK's Multimillion-Dollar NHS Contract
Exploring Jimmy Apples Claim:  The AGI has been achieved internally  - Detailed Reddit Investigation
French Authorities Reportedly Raided Nvidia Offices
AI and the future of consumerism
Vitalii Romanchenko, CEO & Co-founder of Elai   Interview Series
2023 AI Song Contest entries online
ChatGPT vs. Bing Chat vs. Google Bard: Which is the best AI chatbot?
Getty Images to Debut AI Image Generator
Global Artificial Intelligence Market Will See a Massive Growth of 31% Through 2030
NASA to Harness AI to Monitor the Skies for Unidentified Anomalies
Amazon Self Publishing Service to Crack Down on AI Generated Content
YC, OpenAI and the trough of disillusionment
'We have a bias problem': California bill addresses race and gender in venture capital funding
Top 7 Free Cloud Notebooks for Data Science
AMD CEO Lisa Su on the AI revolution and competing with Nvidia
Microsoft and MIT Researchers Hope to Reduce AI Hallucinations with DoLa
Amazon Pushes Further Into AI With $4 Billion Investment in Anthropic
Sam Altman Says He Intends to Replace Normal People With AI
George R.R. Martin and Other Authors Sue OpenAI
OpenAI Accelerating Efforts to Release a Multimodal LLM called GPT-Vision
[R] RealFill: Reference-Driven Generation for Authentic Image Completion
Day of Action Urges Congress to Ban Companies Copyrighting AI Works
Musikly! Updated!
[D] Embarrassing question about facial recognition
Why The Infamous 6-Month AI Pause Letter Wasn't a Failure
Album covers but Morgan Freeman
Google Bard Can Create a Personal Knowledge Graph for Users and May Become an Assistant
Intel advances oneAPI as the all-important 'next click down'
The NSA has a new security center specifically for guarding against AI
How DALL-E 2 Actually Works
What is Amazon Bedrock? 4 ways it can help businesses use generative AI tools
Echo
Why Your AI Startup is Probably Already Dead w/Special Guest Scott Belsky
The Creator review: A visually stunning, yet deeply shallow, AI epic
TechCrunch+ Roundup: How to pitch 7 VCs, building AI moats, immigration law Q&A
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: Anthropic Goes Large Again, Sierra Space Blasts Off
UC Berkeley profs raise $10.6M seed, launch GenAI startup for security
Getting Started with PyTorch in 5 Steps
Addressing copyright, compensation issues in generative AI
Thousands of pirated Australian books in the age of AI, is copyright law still fit for .
Cohere's Command Model Now Available on Amazon Bedrock
Can generative AI solve computer science's greatest unsolved problem?
Boosting and bagging: Powerful ensemble methods in machine learning
Drowning in Data? A Data Lake May Be Your Lifesaver
Can AI alleviate IT workers' over-burdened tech stacks?
How Shutterstock is overcoming the challenges of AI-generated art
EU Begins Early-Stage Probe Into AI Chip Market Abuses that Nvidia Dominates
Trolls in Slovakian Election Tap AI Deepfakes to Spread Disinfo
Ballard Power Systems RDU (Remote Diagnostics Unit) Visualization Platform for Interactive At-Scale Industrial IoT Streaming .
Meta Trained its New AI Using Public Instagram and Facebook Posts
Big Data Career Notes: September 2023 Edition
AGI Has Been Achieved Internally
Change Point Detection   A Bayesian Approach
Draggable objects
Pipeless vs Nvidia DeepStream
Comparing Solutions for Boosting Data Center Redundancy
Add your own data to an LLM using Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
Sources: Jasper, which offers AI writing tools for marketers, slashed its internal valuation by 20% .
AI Boosts Mutation Discovery In Search For Cures
Researchers from UT Austin Introduce MUTEX: A Leap Towards Multimodal Robot Instruction with Cross-Modal Reasoning
Building the Foundation Model Ops Platform   with Raza Habib of Humanloop
LeoLM is an open-source language model optimized for German
France Just Raided the Offices of Nvidia
'Talk' to Your SQL Database Using LangChain and Azure OpenAI
Exploring GEMBA: A New LLM-Based Metric for Translation Quality Assessment
Regulating AI: The Case for a Mechanisms-Based Approach
Meta quietly unveils Llama 2 Long AI that beats GPT-3.5 Turbo and Claude 2 on .
Algorithm Helps Non-Experts Fine-Tune Personal Bots
AI   weekly megathread!
[D][R] Deploying deep models on memory constrained devices
[R] Listen2Scene: Interactive material-aware binaural sound propagation for reconstructed 3D scenes
DataStax takes aim at event driven AI with open source LangStream project
Microsoft's CodePlan: Unleashing the Power of Language Models for Repository-Level Coding Tasks
Two Powerful Python Features to Streamline Your Code and Make It More Readable
8 Ways Automatic Speech Recognition Can Increase Efficiency For Your Business
A (Philosophical) Perspective on Skills Gaps in AI
Data Science for Beginners: 2023 - 2024 Complete Roadmap
GenAI for Better NLP Systems I: A Tool for Generating Synthetic Data
Is OpenAI Working on a Secret Model that's Getting Close to AGI?
Pentagon Urges AI Companies to Share More About Their Technology
Cohere Rolls Out Enterprise Generative AI Chatbot API
This Week's Most Read: ChatGPT Goes Multimodal, Amazon's $4B Anthropic Deal
AI News Roundup: Google Wants Your Website Data for AI Model Training
The CIA is Building its own ChatGPT
Deep dive into pandas Copy-on-Write mode   part III
Linear Algebra 2: Echelon Matrix Forms
Meta quietly unveils Llama 2 Long, which has been trained with longer sequences, outperforming GPT-3.5 .
OpenAI in Talks to Raise $1 Billion for AI Device Offering
10 Best ChatGPT Prompts for Developing Content Strategy
ROScribe is now autogenerating both ROS1 and ROS2
Beware: Your Bing Chat responses may include links to malware
Securing AI: What You Should Know
Google expands its AI Search to younger users, offers publishers a new tool
What's the point of learning Spark if you can do almost everything in Snowflake and .
[P] Carton   Run any ML model from any programming language
Crafting Virtual Worlds With Just Words. How AI Changes 3D World Building Forever.
Now you can chat with ChatGPT using your voice
Things I've learned about building CLI tools in Python
Meta in Myanmar, Part I: The Setup
Generative AI News This Week - Anthropic, Amazon, OpenAI, ChatGPT, Bard, and Many More
These are the 10 most popular jobs that pay more than $100K, study finds
You can now try DALL-E 3 in Bing's Image Creator for free
Getty Images Unveils a New AI-Powered Image-Creation Tool: Revolutionizing Visual Content with Generative AI Technology
ChatGPT Could Put People Who Write Essays for Cheating Students Out of Business
Deploying Your Machine Learning Model to Production in the Cloud
AI This Week: The Hollywood Writer's Strike May Have Ended But the Battle Over AI .
'The Creator' Review: It's AI That Wants to Save Humanity
Mark Zuckerberg hails Llama 2's success and hints at future open-source AI ecosystem
Columbia University Researchers Introduce Zero-1-to-3: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Changing the Camera Viewpoint of .
Is Metaverse For Real?
Dev News: Deno's New Queues, AI Plays at Cloudflare, MongoDB
Meta Quest 3 Shows Us the Metaverse Dream isn't Dead Yet
How to Use ChatGPT's New Image Features
Here's how to stop Google from using your web content for generative AI
Is there a market for Small Language Models for specific jobs/domains?
Anaconda's State of Data Science Report Report Reveals Surge in AI Upskilling Among Data and .
Why I Joined Dev?
ChatGPT's new browsing feature is worse than search engines
Inside the career rise of Sundar Pichai, the Google CEO being paid hundreds of millions .
AI will help the US maintain its economic dominance over China, strategists say
Create a ChatGPT Chatbot from YouTube videos and Podcasts
AWS Challenges Open Source with Bedrock
An Overview of the Path to Machine Learning Engineering
[D] Deploy the Mistral 7b Generative Model on an A10 GPU on AWS
Data Science Hiring Process at PayPal
Talk: An Open-Source App for Talking with AI
SnapFusion: Text-to-Image Diffusion Model on Mobile Devices within Two Seconds
AI responses may link to malware
Research: ahead of Slovakia's parliamentary elections, AI-generated deepfake videos of politicians are spreading on Facebook, .
How Large Language Models are Redefining Data Compression and Providing Unique Insights into Machine Learning .
What are the first things you analyze in a new dataset?
16, 8, and 4-bit Floating Point Formats   How Does it Work?
Get Your Mac Python From Python.org
Spotify's AI Voice Translation Pilot
Lo que necesitas para iniciar con Gen AI utilizando PaLM 2 y MakeSuite
[D] What is the best open-source framework to create a synthetic and domain specific dataset .
[R] Drive Like a Human: Rethinking Autonomous Driving with Large Language Models
Which Real Time Instance Segmentation to use in 2023?
What are some data-related roles I can work as?
Create Galactic Art with Tkinter
Hybrid Search 2.0: The Pursuit of Better Search
Designing Operations Research Solutions: A User-friendly Routing Application with Streamlit
Orca: Properly Imitating Proprietary LLMs
NSA's outgoing director Paul Nakasone announces an AI security center, after an NSA study identified .
Authors shocked to find AI ripoffs of their books being sold on Amazon
Humane's 'AI Pin' debuts on the Paris runway
Meet InternLM-20B: An Open-Sourced 20B Parameter Pretrained Artificial Intelligence AI Framework
The Humane Ai Pin makes its debut on the runway at Paris Fashion Week
Government shutdown 2023 update: Fat Bear Week in Alaska could be canceled
Got my first data job! Any advice?
Meet CodePlan: A Task-Agnostic AI Framework For Repository-Level Coding Using Large Language Models (LLMs) And .
US DoD Chief Digital and AI Officer Craig Martell says the agency wants to use .
Ghost in the IDE: Testing Replit's AI Helper, Ghostwriter
Intel's latest high volume EUV chip production could help it retake the lead in the .
Researchers from Apple and EPFL Introduce the Boolformer Model: The First Transformer Architecture Trained to .
The Pixel 8 is Google's best opportunity to bring its AI ideas together under one .
A man was jailed for using AI to create hundreds of sexual images of children
Data Science for Beginners; 2023-2024 Complete Road Map.
Highlights for every ICCV 2023 paper
Which ML model does Apple use to generate stickers in iOS 17?
Dalle-3 has me thinking about my unborn child and reality itself.
How much can artists make from generative AI? Vendors won't say
HTML for Front-end Web Development
An Introduction to the Problems of AI Consciousness
This Research Explains How Simplified Optical Neural Network Component Saves Space And Energy
[D] Struggling to get interviews what to do?
[D] What exactly are the compute requirements for training a dense model versus an MoE?
Stable validation curves on NLP project with BERT
Is it possible for AI to deeply analyze importance of thousands of daily news?
Artificially Intelligent, Genuinely Creative: How AI's Triumph Over Human Creators Exposes the Illusion of Intellectual .
Tinder goes ultra-premium, Amazon invests in Anthropic and Apple explains its new AirPods
Generative AI Service AWS Bedrock Now Generally Available
Sam Altman says AI systems will automate some tasks but also lead to 'new and .
Data science for beginners Detailed Road map for 2023 2024.
Struggling to get interviews what to do?
Arxiv [D]ives - Segment Anything
Elon Musk announced a huge give away for Bitcoins, limited time.
Between ChatGPT's surprisingly human voice and Meta's AI characters, we may be witnessing the rise .
Cheerio & ChatGPT: A Primer on Web Scraping with Node.js
What are my chances?
Weeknotes: the Datasette Cloud API, a podcast appearance and more
Genius Cliques: Mapping out the Nobel Network
Lucked into a data analyst internship and I am freaking out that I am unprepared. .
Top 9 R packages (that every Data Scientist must know)
Dubai is hoping to launch a fully operational flying taxi service by 2026
Prompts for Cleaning & Processing data with AI
Meta technology chief defends tech titan's AI strategy
Q&A with AMD CEO Lisa Su on competing with Nvidia's H100, PyTorch, AI regulation, the .
The Maniac by Benjamn Labatut review   genius and madness in the shadow of the .
Video Highlights: Vicua, Gorilla, Chatbot Arena and Socially Beneficial LLMs   with Prof. Joey Gonzalez
This smart Google tool can take notes in a meeting &ndash; and let you catch .
Workers are worried about AI taking their jobs. Artists say it's already happening.
Microsoft goes nuclear to power its AI and cloud ambitions
Suing Writers Seethe at OpenAI's Excuses in Court
Data Machina #221
AI chatbots let you 'interview' historical figures like Harriet Tubman. That's probably not a good .
This AI Paper Introduces VidChapters-7M: A Scalable Approach to Segmenting Videos into Chapters Using User-Annotated .
11 creative ways to use GPT-4's vision features in ChatGPT
Neuralink's First-in-Human Clinical Trial! Now Open for Enrolment
Netwrck.com - Social AI Chat Characters
Netwrck.com - Fun Social AI Chats
Meta's Quest to Replace Smartphones with Smart Glasses
The Creator review   a truly original man-v-machine sci-fi spectacular
How AI and brain science are helping perfumiers create fragrances
Microsoft Researchers Introduce AutoGen: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Simplifying the Orchestration, Optimization, and Automation .
I got my first data analyst job and I feel like I'm being spoiled with .
Fact-checking sites have been declining worldwide as social media platforms cut back on disinformation efforts, .
Q&A with Microsoft's consumer chief marketing officer Yusuf Mehdi on AI trends, competition, taking over .
Unpopular Opinion: you don't need a passion in data science to be in data science
Nick Clegg says Meta used public Facebook and Instagram posts to train its new AI .
Good textbooks at the intersection of ML and time series analysis?
Microsoft is Trying Hard to Give LLMs a Moral Compass
Cerebras Introduces the Bittensor Language Model Named BTLM-3B-8K: A New State-of-The-Art 3B Parameter Open-Source Language .
Amazon Bedrock Generative AI Model Offerings at AWS Get Llama 2 and General Availability
Do models still matter?
Have you ever had a job that essentially wants you to do *less*?
Data science coming back again and ML dying ?
[n] Introducing r/AudioAI: Any AI You Can Hear!
What was used before Random Forest?
How AI can be a 'multivitamin supplement' for many industries
what is the job security for a data scientist in canada ?
Minimalistic AI
Researchers discover explicit registers eliminate vision transformer attention spikes
GPT-4, Llama-2, Claude: How Different Language Models React to Prompts
We need to talk about the latest developments with artificial intelligence and music
'You've got to be data-driven': the fashion forecasters using AI to predict the next trend
Entendendo Algoritmos - Introduo
Free Remote MLflow Tracking Server with Team-base Access control
This AI Paper Unveils an Enhanced CycleGAN Approach for Robust Person Re-identification Across Varied Camera .
A Fictional Psychological Thriller about the Rise of AI
Dictionaries and File Operations in Python
This AI Paper Unveils OpenBA: An Open-Sourced 15B Parameter Bilingual Model Outperforming Predecessors and Aiding .
Adapting API Strategies to Dynamic AI Trend
Canada's AI Ambitions: Navigating the Future of AI Governance
How to Stop Google Bard From Storing Your Data and Location
Lensa's AI selfie app is back with new  Magic Avatars 2.0
7 Incredible Features of GPT-4 Vision
A Week of Monster Generative AI Releases
How true is this?
[D] (How) Can you estimate inference speed of a NN model on given hardware?
The Noonification: The Best Practices For DevOps Pipelines (10/1/2023)
Addressing Data Leakage: Essential Considerations for Trustworthy Machine Learning Models
Observable notebook: Detect objects in images
Quizzing Intel exec Sandra Rivera about generative AI and more
A leaked Google 'Switch to Pixel' ad highlights Pixel 8 AI features
An AI dating app claims to find your perfect match using only your face
Urban Accessibility   How to Reach Defibrillators on Time
Correct Sampling Bias for Recommender Systems
The Indecisive Moment: Street Photography and AI
[R] Meta, INRIA researchers discover that explicit registers eliminate ViT attention spikes
Meta, INRIA researchers discover that explicit registers eliminate ViT attention spikes
Best depth cameras for small objects? (e.g. sewing needle or <1cm sized objects)
[D] Duplicating layers in large models
How to get a job in data science from someone who has hired many
Introduo ao Python: parte 2
[P] Deep Memory, a Way to Boost Retrieval Accuracy by up to +22% for RAG
AI assistants boost productivity but paradoxically risk human deskilling
Here Are the Top AI Stories You Missed This Week
How to convert text to speech with AI
Getting Started with Google Cloud Platform in 5 Steps
My F100 company analyzed why our good data scientists are good and here's the recap
Reid Hoffman backs 'blitzscaling' AI for the 'elevation of humanity'
Reinforcement Learning + Computer Vision listing papers
Data Science for Beginners: Your Complete Roadmap for 2023-2024
[Q] To all data scientists here who graduated with a stat degree, do you apply .
[R] SOTA of Deep-Shallow Encoder-Decoder LLMs for fast inference
Making Boston Dynamics' Robots Dance
[D] How many instructions can LLMs handle before they start to ignore them?
How Big Tech is co-opting the rising stars of artificial intelligence
Researchers from China Introduce DualToken-ViT: A Fusion of CNNs and Vision Transformers for Enhanced Image .
Snappie: Using AI to create websites in the snap of a finger
Top 5 AI Tools for 10x productivity
Deploy Any AI/ML Application On Kubernetes: A Step-by-Step Guide!
AI Vincent van Gogh talks of 'mental health struggles' in Paris exhibition
Robin Williams' daughter says she finds AI recreations of her father's voice 'personally disturbing'
jq 1.7
6 Libraries in Java for Machine Learning
Meta's Llama 2 Long outperforms GPT 3.5 and Claude 2
How a Polish startup is bringing AI to one of world's biggest construction sites
What industries wont you work in again in datascience?
The AI OS (Sept 2023 Recap)
Applied AI   Future Potential and Practicality of AI in Healthcare with Mr. Manas Joshi
JSX vs HTML
Tom Hanks says AI version of him used in dental plan ad without his consent
Amazon Anthropic: Poison Pill or Empire Strikes Back
ChatGPT's New Upgrade Teases AI's Multimodal Future
Detecting Driver Distractions using Deep Learning and PyTorch in Real Time
Quoting Emily M. Bender
Database Migrations
Meta AI is a Generative AI Assistant But the AI Characters Shift Focus to Entertainment
[R] The unsolved mystery at the heard of the  How to Catch an AI Liar: .
Innovative Acoustic Swarm Technology Shapes the Future of In-Room Audio
SAP Unveils A New Generative AI Assistant Named Joule For Business Applications
Amazon Researchers Introduce DistTGL: A Breakthrough in Scalable Memory-Based Temporal Graph Neural Networks for GPU .
Autonomous Driving Remains a Distant Reality in Japan
[R] LangDiversity: software to identify LLM errors
[D] Perplexity.ai Search Feasibility
Article: Setup free Github copilot with code llama + vscode extension.
Humane shows off its futuristic 'Ai Pin' wearable
The Morning After: The NSA announces new artificial intelligence security center
Why GPUs are the New Kings of Cache. Explained.
Orquesta raises  800,000 in pre-seed funding!
TS Imagine and Cassini Systems announce partnership as firms seek to increase market share in .
Silicon Valley Sees a New Kind of Mobile Device Powered by AI
A quant fund boss talked his mom into selling Nvidia at 60% of its current .
'AI Anxiety' Is on the Rise--Here's How to Manage It
Deep Learning in Optical Metrology: How Can DYnet++ Enhance Single-Shot Deflectometry for Complex Surfaces?
Tom Hanks warns fans that an AI version of himself in a dental ad was .
The Steam survey has a new top graphics card
Creating Domestic Robots That Really Help
Parallel Processing in Prompt Engineering: The Skeleton-of-Thought Technique
What Does the Commercialization of Generative AI Mean for Society?
ChatGPT Can Now See? Mind-Blowing Ways People Can Use Image Recognition!
Artificial Intelligence tools shed light on millions of proteins
What does generative AI mean for software companies?
Elon is announcing a crypto event, both Bitcoins and ETH. Limited time left.
Let's make a list of the BEST AI TOOLS for students
Video Content Aggregator - MoviePy
OpenAI's ChatGPT can actually make workers perform worse, a new study found
Automating standups using GPT4 and GitHub APIs
Google at ICCV 2023
Tom Hanks battles an AI doppelgnger in a dental insurance scam on social media
AI Vincent Van Gogh says you're wrong about his ear
Weekly Roundup (Sep 25):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
Microsoft Introduces Copilot: Your Everyday AI Companion Seamlessly Integrated Across Windows 11, Microsoft 365, Edge, .
Tech firm EXL to create 200 jobs at new Dublin office
New AI tool promises to rig and animate static models within moments
Weekly AI News and Discussion Thread
OpenAI warns folks over GPT-4 Vision's limits and flaws
[R] The Dawn of LMMs: Preliminary Explorations with GPT-4V(ision) - Microsoft 2023 - 166 Pages!
Tested Dalle, created a monster.
How do I make the Openai API message output in real time?
My Bachelors of Data Science has no classes for Statistics, Calculus, Data Structures and Algorithms .
[P] NanoPhi, Implementing some of the success of Phi-1.5, with GPT-2(124m)
Advice for Intern - undergrad engineering student with a little cs background - already accepted .
A deep learning model to triage and predict adenocarcinoma on pancreas cytology whole slide imaging
TechRepublic Premium Editorial Calendar: Policies, Checklists, Hiring Kits and Research for Download
Presentation: Back to Basics: Scalable, Portable ML in Pure SQL
Navigating the risks and benefits of AI: Lessons from nanotechnology on ensuring emerging technologies are .
Google DeepMind Researchers Uncover Scalable Solutions to Combat Training Instabilities in Transformer Models: An In-depth .
Eyeing vision-based autonomy for farm equipment, Bonsai Robotics raises $10.5M
Tokyo retailers sound the alarm on potential graphics card drought
FLaNK Stack Weekly 2 October 2023
AI Startups Are Facing a Reckoning
Spotify spotted developing AI-generated playlists created with prompts
The implications of the generative AI gold rush
The (Truly) Hardest of Pandas: pivot and melt Clearly Explained
Humata AI summarizes and answers questions about your PDFs
Want to Become a Data Scientist? Part 2: 10 Soft Skills You Need
Predictive Policing Software Terrible at Predicting Crimes
Hyundai recalls 1.6 million gas-powered cars due to potential car fires
A Deep Fake Tom Hanks Is Promoting a Dental Plan, But the Actor Has 'Nothing .
OpenAI competitor Mistral brings open-source language models back to the forefront
Evaluating LLM Outputs
South Korea Sentences Man for Creating Child Abuse Images Using AI
Go From AI Novice to Advanced User for Just $30
Tom Hanks Warns Fans About AI-Generated Deepfake Ad Featuring Him
Forrester's GenAI Hack-A-Thon: Turning Hype into Reality
How information retrieval is being revolutionised with RAG technology
GPT-4  crushes  other LLMs according to new benchmark suite
This generative AI model can be a big deal for the gaming industry
A Deep Dive into Variational Autoencoders with PyTorch
How to Install Python Pyenv on macOS
A Deep Dive into Retrieval-Augmented Generation in LLM
How Tastry  Taught a Computer How to Taste.
Humane's AI Pin Debuts on the Runway
Regulating AI's Heartbeat: A Race Against Time for Humanity
Reinforcement Learning: Function Approximation and Deep Q-Networks   Part 4
Google Bard gets a memory to better remember what you like
Airbnb says it's using AI to weed out guests who throw house parties
The Quest for Model Confidence: Can You Trust a Black Box?
Generative AI Learning Startup Gizmo Raises $3.5M
[P] Comgra: A library for debugging and understanding neural networks
Build Serverless Generative AI API Service With AWS Lambda and Amazon Bedrock
Cracking the Code: How Databricks is Reshaping Major League Baseball with Biomechanics Data
[D] The most complete Audio ML toolkit
Combining Open Street Map and Landsat open data to verify areas of green zones
How to Create Your Own AI Weather Forecast
Condition-based Maintenance: Rainflow Counting
Study shows users can be primed to believe certain things about an AI chatbot's motives, .
The Assumptions You Bring into Conversation with an AI Bot Influence What It Says
JPMorgan's Dimon Predicts 3.5-Day Work Week for Next Generation Thanks to AI
Generative AI will far surpass what ChatGPT can do. Here's everything on how the tech .
Microsoft CEO Says AI Will Help Google Extend Search Edge
Watermarking AI images to fight misinfo and deepfakes may be pretty pointless
Data Science for Beginners : 2023-2024 Complete Roadmap
Tom Hanks Warns of Dental Ad Using A.I. Version of Him
Actor Blames AI for Liking Red-Pilled Social Media Posts
Visa earmarks $100M to invest in generative AI companies
Introducing daily-python: An SDK for AI-powered interactive video and audio
AI Startup Roundup: Chinese AI Chipmaker Raises $273 Million
How Amplitude Uses GenAI to Improve Data Quality
Microsoft's Jaron Lanier says AI advancing without human dignity will 'undermine everything', including reality
Instant evolution: AI designs new robot from scratch in seconds
Microsoft CEO hits out at 'dominant' Google in US trial
Two divergent skills that matter in an AI world: Math and business development
10 Best AI Tools to Create YouTube Shorts from Existing Videos
What is Generative AI and How is it Different from Other AI?
Fuming Tom Hanks says he had nothing to do with that AI dental ad clone .
IBM Announces Availability of watsonx Granite models, New Protections for IBM-developed Models
Judge upholds Tesla arbitration agreement that drivers called  unconscionable
Unpopular Opinion: it's important to passionate about data and analysis to be a quality, reliable .
New Excire Foto 2024 Update Adds Powerful Prompt-Search and AI Tools
ChatGPT forces us to ask: how much of  being human  belongs to us?
A Gentle Introduction to Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
How our new AI feature earned 5% adoption in its first week
Dead grandma locket request tricks Bing Chat's AI into solving security puzzle
Awarded DAGM MVTec Dissertation Award 2023
Get DataCamp Premium for Just $1!
Vulnerable Arm GPU drivers under active exploitation. Patches may not be available
Amazon Bedrock generative AI service reaches GA
Spotify Is Playing Around With AI-Generated Playlists From a Prompt
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says he overhyped Bing chat for search
Weekly Top Picks #46
Last Week in AI #239: Mistral AI's free LLM  , Hollywood's AI deal  , OpenAI .
While Adobe, Getty Images, Stability AI, and YouTube have at least pledged to share their .
[R] Efficient Streaming Language Models with Attention Sinks - Meta AI 2023 - StreamingLLM enables .
AI-Powered Simulation Tools for Surrogate Modeling Engineering Workflows with Siml.ai and NVIDIA Modulus
Addressing AI and Security Challenges With Red Teams: A Google Perspective
Building Software-Defined, High-Performance, and Efficient vRAN Requires Programmable Inline Acceleration
Weird A.I. Yankovic, a cursed deep dive into the world of voice cloning
What AI forgets could kill us, but new research is helping it remember
Is AI lying to us? These researchers built an LLM lie detector of sorts to .
Internet Fooled by Viral AI Image of Man Fighting an Alligator
Infinite Context Windows? LLMs for Streaming Applications with Attention Sinks
Accelerated Vector Search: Approximating with RAPIDS RAFT IVF-Flat
Quoting ynik
Is explosive growth ahead for AI?
Upgrade Alert: New Usage Dashboard + Mistral 7B First Look
This week in AI: AI-powered personalities are all the rage
[Project] I just released an open-source package, TorchLens, that can extract the activations/metadata from any .
Chat BigQuery using English
How In-Person Training at ODSC West Can Give Your Team the Edge
How much carbon pollution is in your product? Muir AI raises $3.25M seed to answer .
Developing an 'AI IQ' for Business Success
Robin Williams' Daughter Disgusted by Efforts to Bring Her Dad Back With AI
DALL-E 3 Bing AI pushes the bar in image generation
US v. Google: Satya Nadella says Google cemented search dominance via mobile default search deals .
Generating AI Images from your own PC
Google Researchers Launch an Ambitious Project to Map Mouse Brain: Paving the Way for Understanding .
Meta, OpenAI Square Off Over Open Source AI
BackerKit Will Restrict the Use of AI Art
Python 3.11.6 is now available
Building a Neural Network from Scratch in Python
Amazon's Bedrock and Titan Generative AI Services Enter General Availability
SHAP vs. ALE for Feature Interactions: Understanding Conflicting Results
Attention from Alignment, Practically Explained
Coding was Hard Until I Learned These 2 Things!
Q&A with Intel's GM of the Data Center and AI Group Sandra Rivera about the .
What I wish I had known earlier in my career, particularly with disorganized companies
Graduated with an MS in Data Science, now in the workforce as a systems analyst .
[D] Why Vision Tranformers?
NEAT with Acceleration
Sequoia's Botha Says Venture Capital Firm Is Focusing on AI Apps After OpenAI Success
The Ethical ChatGPT User
ChatGPT: The AI That's Changing the World (And Stealing Your Job!)
Hiring hell
VantAI announced Formation of Scientific Advisory Board
Visa Announces $100 Mn Fund for Generative AI Companies
Stampli, which uses AI to automate the processing of invoices and help businesses pay vendors, .
Edge 331: Universal Language Model Finetuning
What is Quantization
Startup Stampli Raises $61 Million, Aims to Bring AI to Accounts Payable
Slovakia's Election Deepfakes Show AI Is a Danger to Democracy
Voice Actors Are Bracing to Compete With Talking AI
Seven Reasons why Data Security Needs AI
DataForce expanded Offerings to Support AI-Powered Pathology Detection
Study Claims Predictive Policing Software Is Actually Pretty Terrible at Predicting Crimes
AI Algorithms Are Biased Against Skin With Yellow Hues
Meta AI trained on Facebook and Instagram content
Microsoft and Mercy announced collaboration
Beyond the Fitzpatrick Scale: This AI Paper From Sony Introduces a Multidimensional Approach to Assess .
Data Science for Beginners: 2023 - 2024 Complete Road map
Meta trained its AI assistant using your public Facebook and Instagram posts
A huge python built its lair in a trailer park and grew 13ft long eating .
Role of AI Consulting for Retail Transformation
AI Watermarks Are No Match for Attackers
This Indian Hyperscaler is Making GPUs More Accessible in India
Oracle partnered with TELMEX-Triara
With AI, there's a trust gap based on gender, age
NextGenTool.io
unitQ launched unitQ GPT
V&#283;ra Jourov&aacute;, one of two commissioners overseeing the enactment of EU's AI law, warns against .
Why Big Tech's bet on AI assistants is so risky
Top 6 AI Agents for Developers
Less is a lot more when it comes to AI, says Google's DeepMind
DevOps with Fast API & PostgreSQL: How to containerize Fast API Application with Docker
The one thing everyone's doing wrong with ChatGPT...
FILS Europe 2023: AI will help tackle fragmentation in fixed income markets
The future of data transformation is collaborative
Learnings From Building the ML Platform at Mailchimp
Google unveils Chromebook Plus ahead of Pixel event
Website Builders for Data Science Recommendation
There's big risk in not knowing what OpenAI is building in the cloud, warn Oxford .
OneTrust AI Governance available on the Trust Intelligence Platform
PiCA Avatars From Meta   A Glimpse Into The Future of Communication!
Limitations and Future Prospect of AI in the Hospitality Industry
Is Generative AI Taking Over the World?
Why SharePoint Online is Indispensable for Copilot
The 4Ds in Data Storytelling: Making Art Out of Science
Automating aircraft ship landings at rough seas
What aspect of Data Science do you enjoy the most?
Will Stability AI Overtake Meta AI?
Researchers from ULM University Introduce DepthG: An Artificial Intelligence Method that Guides Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation .
LAION Calls for Less Regulation on Open-Source Generative AI in Europe
emoji.is
Optical Flow with RAFT: Part 2
In This Love Triangle, Apple Picked Google Over Bing. But Why?
[R] RA-DIT: Retrieval-Augmented Dual Instruction Tuning
How a 1986 self-driving car inspired this AI researcher
London-based Unitary, an AI-based visual content moderation tool which is currently classifying 6M videos per .
6 Bad Habits Killing Your Productivity in Data Science
Optical Flow with RAFT: Part 1
Social media has new moderation problems. This startup has a solution
Unitary AI picks up $15M for its multimodal approach to video content moderation
This Web Highlighter Tool Lets You Mark Content Directly on iPhone's Browser
KnowledgeBot
The [lack of] quality on this sub
Meta said it's been using your public Instagram photos and Facebook posts to train its .
[D] How do you scale computational intensive Python scripts?
[D] What kind of distribution is this?
This week in data: How to create or destroy value with generative AI
Can AI Beat the Market? Wall Street Is Desperate to Try
Visa Initiative to Invest $100 Million in Generative AI Ventures
Tool-Integrated Reasoning: A New Approach for Math-Savvy LLMs
An interview with Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky on affordable prices, reliability, proper customer support, using .
Google Can Only Search For 'Metaverse'
The Role of Predictive Analytics in Shaping the Future of Healthcare
Tips for Successfully Navigating Beginner Data Science Job Interviews
AWS Announces the General Availability of Amazon Bedrock: The Easiest Way to Build Generative AI .
End of React? Web Components Review
[D] Competitiveness in ML research
Top 5 Papers Presented by Meta at ICCV
[D] What happens after removing the causal mask of LLaMA?
The Download: Big Tech's big AI bet, and crypto's day in court
Microsoft's Nadella: Google could lock up AI-enabled search
Stability.AI's Stable LM 3B is a capable open-source LLM for mobile devices
Empowering AOI: Cincoze DS-1400 Embedded Computer Series
Athens Democracy Forum: Are Artificial Intelligence and Democracy Compatible?
Cockroach Labs To Announce Updates To Cockroachdb Dedicated And Serverless
LinkedIn unveils several new AI features powered by OpenAI including a LinkedIn Learning coach, and .
GPT Pilot - a dev tool that writes 95% of coding tasks [Part 2/3 - .
Navigating the risks and benefits of AI: Lessons from nanotechnology
The dawn of domestic robots could dramatically cut gender inequality when it comes to household .
Barry O'Sullivan wins European award for AI contributions
Microsoft's AutoGen framework allows multiple AI agents to talk to each other and complete your .
Handling PII data in LangChain
Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott on how AI and art will coexist in the future
Nearly 10% of people ask AI chatbots for explicit content. Will it lead LLMs astray?
The Good Robot Podcast: featuring Hayleigh Bosher on generative AI, creativity, and what AI means .
Microsoft CEO Says AI 'Vicious Cycle' Will Boost Google; Meta and OpenAI's Other Rivalry
This AI newsletter is all you need #67
MrBeast Warns Fans of iPhone Giveaway Scam With His Deepfake
CMU Researchers Introduce the Open Whisper-Style Speech Model: Advancing Open-Source Solutions for Efficient and Transparent .
Cyxtera launched AI + Quantum Center of Excellence
Unpacking how Ads Ranking Works @ Pinterest: Aayush Mudgal at QCon San-Francisco
JPMorgan CEO: AI will be used for 'every single process'
LinkedIn goes big on new AI tools for learning, recruitment, marketing and sales, powered by .
Radiant Logic announced Expanded Identity Analytics & DMP Capabilities
Japan invests $1.3 billion in Micron to subsidize chip manufacturing: Report
Kay x Cybersyn x LangChain: Embedding SEC Filings for RAG
Research shows humans can inherit AI biases
DeepMind Flamingo explained   32 images are enough to learn!
How to use ChatGPT
Job Trends in Data Analytics: NLP for Job Trend Analysis
OpenAI Announces ChatGPT Voice and Image Features
How Can We Trust AI If We Don't Know How It Works
This square-shaped robot vacuum may be the future of cleaning, and it's got the AI .
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon says our children will probably only work 3.5 days a week .
Frec, which uses AI to let customers create their own investment strategies, comes out of .
Tom Hanks is the most recent victim of deepfake
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 25/9 to 1/10
Mistral 7B: Setting New Benchmarks Beyond Llama2 in the Open-Source Space
Guy Yehiav, President of SmartSense by Digi   Interview Series
GPT4Tools: Teaching LLMs to See and Understand Visual Concepts
Asana unveils new AI capabilities to help teams work smarter
Samsung's Interactive Menu Boards to Augment SoundHound Voice AI at White Castle Drive-Thrus
Nvidia Deepens Push Into AWS' Turf
Ideogram Produces Text in AI Images That You Can Actually Read
Generative AI Report   10/3/2023
Why Cloud-Native Applications Need Observability
How to use the new Copilot AI in Windows 11
Automated healthcare? Plenful emerges from stealth with $9M to streamline medical admin
Elevate Security named to the 3rd Annual IA Top 40 List
[R] MIT, Meta, CMU Researchers: LLMs trained with a finite attention window can be extended .
High Performance LLM on Smartphone
Understanding the bias-variance tradeoff in machine learning
Meet DreamGaussian: A Novel 3D Content Generation AI Framework that Achieves both Efficiency and Quality
AWS announced Powerful New Offerings
MUUTAA and Mila announce partnership to advance AI in healthcare supply chains
Helios unveils AI analyst Cersi for tracking food supply chain disruptions
Frec steps out of stealth with $26M in funding, aiming to democratize sophisticated investing with .
Power BI or Tableau? and why?
[P] FontoGen: generating true-type fonts
Where do I produce free intro and outro AI music for my Podcast for free.
Accelerate Foundation Models Research: Supporting a global academic research ecosystem for AI
Eleventy components woes
Chinese Artists Boycott Social Media Site Amid AI Generator Controversy
Decoding the Manhattan Project's Network: Unveiling Science, Collaboration, and Human Legacy
Mastering Language Models
Researchers say it is easy to  wash out  watermarks on AI images, which makes it .
Effective unit-testing in Python   with examples
'Beware!!': Tom Hanks warns fans about fake ad using AI version of him
Fast-Growing Dropbox Campaign Steals Microsoft SharePoint Credentials
LinkedIn is bringing AI to change the way people connect
LangStream: an Event-Driven Developer Platform for LLM Apps
Quoting Baldur Bjarnason
GIVA: A GPT-Based Vocal Virtual Assistant
5 Must-Have Skills to Get Into Prompt Engineering
PlanetScale forks MySQL to add vector support
The shape of the shadow of The Thing
The Top 5 Data Management Tools For Your Projects
Event: NVIDIA Computer Vision Speaker Series
AI is coming to the Arc browser   but probably not like you think
Zoomtopia 2023: Zoom bets on AI with new Docs, AI Companion tools
Zoom Unveils New Generative AI-Powered Features at Zoomtopia '23
China won't end up like Japan - but it's headed for a 'grinding deceleration' with .
LWiAI Podcast #138 - DALLE-3, YouAgent, Gemini, NExT-GPT, AI book labeling
Visa Creates $100M Generative AI Startup Investment Fund
Researchers show how easy it is to defeat AI watermarks
How often do you use Operations Research (OR) in your work?
Sam Altman backs teens' AI startup automating browser-native workflows
Microsoft overhauls OneDrive with a big new design, AI Copilot integration, and more
The Surface Laptop Studio 2 reviews are in: more niche every day
Researchers find critical now-patched flaws allowing RCE in open-source AI model-serving tool TorchServe and vulnerable .
A pedestrian was pinned under a Cruise robotaxi after another car's hit-and-run
Unveiling the Hidden Power of  Nothing  in AI
How AI Could Help China and Russia Meddle in U.S. Elections
Enabling Language Models to Implicitly Learn Self-Improvement
Jasper welcomes Timothy Young as CEO
Survey Finds In-House Counsel  Aware but Wary  of AI
Energy-Efficient AI: A New Dawn With Neuromorphic Computers
ForwardX Robotics and DHL collaborated for expansion
Meet Colossal-LLaMA-2: An Open-Sourced Artificial Intelligence Approach with a Full-Flow Solution for LLaMA2 with High .
Cloudflare announced a continued collaboration with Databricks
TechCrunch+ Roundup: SBF's trial opens, Series A tips, how to roll out AI features
GEDi Cube and Renovaro Biosciences ink agreement to combine
Microscopy image segmentation via point and shape regularized data synthesis
Armilla AI launched AutoGuard
AI model beats PNG and FLAC at compression
atNorth announced Shortlist Selection for edie Net-Zero Awards 2023
HealthTap launched AI-Powered Patient Interviews Using GPT-4
Meta's Llama 2 Long: Longer memory, Handles Heftier Tasks
Using Streaming Data Applications to Power Decision-Making
GPT-4 outperforms its rivals in new AI benchmark suite GPT-Fathom
X-Chem and Structural Genomics Consortium announced collaboration
Arc browser's new AI-powered features combine OpenAI and Anthropic's models
Graphene, tin combo shows promise for solar panels, artificial muscles and more
Spotify's Newest Feature: Using AI to Clone and Translate Podcast Voices Across Languages
A Close Look at Colab's new updates and enhancements
Runway has launched Gen 2 Director mode. The speed at which this company works is .
[R] Break-A-Scene: Extracting Multiple Concepts from a Single Image
Infinite context windows? Streaming LLMs can be extended to infinite sequence lengths without any fine-tuning.
How an AI deepfake ad of MrBeast ended up on TikTok
Tom Hanks Says Someone Used AI to Make an Ad Featuring Him Without His Permission
New $1 Billion 'AI Supercloud' to Power Business AI Workloads
Zuckerberg Philanthropy to Use AI to 'Cure, Prevent or Manage All Disease'
TikTok ran a deepfake ad of an AI MrBeast hawking iPhones for $2 &mdash; and .
Tom Hanks warns of AI-generated doppelganger in Instagram plea
Zoom Docs launches in 2024 with built-in AI collaboration features
Trust in AI tools like ChatGPT is high among Gen Z &mdash; but Gen X .
[R] Open X-Embodiment: Robotic Learning Datasets and RT-X Models - DeepMind 2023 - RT-X exhibits .
Chartpack: Mobile app trends and industry benchmarks Q4 2023
ChattyG takes a college freshman C/C++ programming exam
New sqlite3 CLI tool in Python 3.12
AI copilot enhances human precision for safer aviation
Zoom unveils collaborative document editing, featuring the ability to include information and AI-generated summaries from .
Celebrating one year(ish) of Stable Diffusion . and what a year it's been!
LinkedIn just added AI-powered coaching and recruiting tools to make your job easier
Easy Deployment and Rollback of PostgreSQL Functions with Supabase
Fine-tuning large language models in practice: LLaMA 2
What do corporate data scientists struggle with the most at work?
Human knocks down woman in hit-and-run. Then driverless Cruise car parks on top of her
Researchers from Google and Cornell Propose RealFill: A Novel Generative AI Approach for Authentic Image .
What is Generative AI? A Comprehensive Guide for Everyone
Female-founded AI startups win just 2% of funding deals in UK
A simple introduction to Quantum enhanced SVM
Highlights on Large Language Models at KDD 2023
Sources: Anthropic is in talks to raise at least $2B from Google and others, seeking .
The entire story of Twitter / X under Elon Musk
MrBeast asks whether social media platforms are  ready to handle the rise of AI deepfakes  .
Code in the latest build of the Spotify app suggests the company is working on .
Anthropic in Talks to Raise $2 Billion From Google and Others Just Days After Amazon .
Bing rolls out DALL-E 3 to all Chat and Image Creator users; OpenAI is scheduled .
Power of rhythm as a design element in evolution and robotics
Generative AI: Shaping a New Future for Fraud Prevention, by Neha Narkhede at QCon San .
The UK's Independent Publishers Alliance urges members to block OpenAI and Google crawling, as OpenAI .
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gets honest about Bing's chances against Google
QCon San Francisco 2023 Day 1: Architectures, Data Engineering, Infra Languages, Staff+ Skills
How AI Boosts Microsoft's Low-Code Power Platform
Big Tech Firms Ask for AI Regulation But Quietly Hedge Their Bets
Professor Derek Nowrouzezahrai awarded the first Ubisoft-Mila research Chair
Dungeons & Dragons Updates Bigby to Replace AI-Enhanced Images
AI in Software Testing: Revolutionizing Quality Assurance
Human or machine? How about both? New book explores the line between man and machine .
Generative AI Apps Struggle With Retention and Engagement [Charts]
Just got a Data Scientist Job Offer. Yay or Nay?
OK, so ChatGPT just debugged my code. For real
You can now use the DALL-E 3 AI image generator inside Bing Chat
Politics and responsible AI: Mila's expertise highlighted at ALL IN 2023
Do you just learn on the job?
Zoom Is Launching Its Own Google Docs Competitor
How to use ChatGPT to write code
Six skills you need to become an AI prompt engineer
How to use ChatGPT to create an app
MrBeast called out TikTok for allowing a deepfake version of him hawking $2 iPhones to .
This is what I'd do if I could learn how to build LLM from scratch.
Is AI in software engineering reaching an 'Oppenheimer moment'? Here's what you need to know
AI co-pilot enhances human precision for safer aviation
[D] Biggest problems with ML in industry?
[R] Generative memory: generative diffusion models are equivalent to modern Hopfield nets
Scaling Large (Language) Models with PyTorch Lightning
Canva Magic Studio
Can AI really plan your meals?
Canva unveils AI tools to automate labor-intensive design tasks, and will pay out $200M over .
Dell jumps on personalized GenAI biz wagon with 'customizable' pitch
Rabbit is building an AI model that understands how software works
Okta plans to weave AI across its entire identity platform using multiple models
Canva unveils Magic Studio, its AI-infused design platform
Yahoo spins out Vespa, its search tech, into an independent company
FILS Europe 2023: Human traders still hold the cards amid continued automation
Canva Adds New AI Tools with Magic Studio
Design Software Company Canva Unveils AI Tools to Take on Rivals Like Adobe
Meta Expands Generative AI Tools to Boost Effectiveness of Ads
Canva's new AI tools automate boring, labor-intensive design tasks
[R] Think before you speak: Training Language Models With Pause Tokens
[ Removed by Reddit ]
Language Models with Unlimited Context
Google Deepmind takes the next step toward general-purpose robots
Cruise self-driving car runs over and stops on pedestrian after they were hit by human .
IBM Quantum Calls for Interns
Clearing a path to success
Adobe Wants 1,000 Photos of Bananas to Help Train its AI Image Generator
The Download: thermal energy networks, and AI propaganda
Leveraging GPT Models to Transform Natural Language to SQL Queries
AI Chatbots Are Learning to Spout Authoritarian Propaganda
Hacktoberfest 2023 - How AI can create an impact on Open Source Contributions
All is Not Lost for Samsung in Chipmaking Business
Google DeepMind Open-Sources Largest-Ever Robotics Dataset
ML Pulse: Inside MLEnv, the Platform Powering Machine Learning at Pinterest
AI bias tests gloss over a crucial aspect of skin color, Sony research claims
Make Notion search great again: semantic search
Softbank chief says that those who don't adopt AI are 'goldfish' who will be 'left .
How to Be Extremely Online and Influence People
Hannah Diamond Has Cracked the Code of Using AI for Music
This AI Paper Unveils a Deep-Learning Framework Called DeepMB for Real-Time Optoacoustic Image Reconstruction with .
Limited Time Price Drop: Create Realistic Voice Over Content with Micmonster for $50
Prompt engineering in LLMs is finding the right vector program
Q&A with Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott on Bing's rivalry with Google, the race to acquire .
Meta's new AI-generated stickers are lewd, rude, and occasionally nude
Google's new spam rules ensures senders of 5,000+ daily emails include an unsubscribe button
OpenAI's CEO Sam Altman Backs AI Startup Founded by Indian Origin Teens
Capital One's New Forrester Study Reveals Key Challenges Data Leaders Face Deploying Self-service Data Strategies
How Neuralink Keeps Dead Monkey Photos Secret
You're probably going to use Microsoft Copilot wrong
Chatbot: A New Robotics Podcast from IEEE Spectrum
I moved to Dubai when Russia invaded Ukraine. The cost of living is extreme, but .
Inside the consulting industry's race to become AI rainmakers
Arc Max Browser may be the only browser to succeed in AI integration
Amazon dominated the first cloud era. The AI boom has kicked off Cloud 2.0, and .
Presentation: Change Data Capture for Microservices
Article: Simplifying Persistence Integration with Jakarta EE Data
Enhancing Monocular 3D Object Detection: How Does the MonoXiver Approach Combine 2D-to-3D Information Flow and .
Get Ready to Unleash Your Inner AI
AWS Custom Resource using CDK
Blattner Technologies acquired the Indoor Lab
Intel to spin out programmable chip business PSG
Dall-E 3 is now available to all Bing Chat users
McAfee announced new features to its Product Lineup
Microsoft Upgrades Power Platform Copilot
The Browser Company updates Arc with GPT 3.5 and Anthropic features: Ask ChatGPT, Tidy Tab .
Nine Rules to Formally Validate Rust Algorithms with Dafny (Part 1)
Shortest Path (Dijkstra's) algorithm step-by-step Python guide
Amazon Researchers Introduce a Novel Artificial Intelligence Method for Detecting Instrumental Music in a Large-Scale .
I accepted my company's counter offer and it was a mistake
[R] Towards Self-Assembling Artificial Neural Networks through Neural Developmental Programs
[D] What are some effective dimensionality reduction (unsupervised feature selection) techniques for a high dimensional, .
Global VC deals declined in Q3 for the second quarter in a row, hitting 3-year .
Meta's AI stickers are here and already causing controversy
Zoom Docs arrives to take on Google Docs, Notion
SoftBank's Son Tells Japan: Adopt AI or Get Left Behind Again
Video Game Voice Actors Are Ready to Strike over AI. Here's Why
TikTok ran a deepfake ad of an AI MrBeast hawking iPhones for $2
Announcing the AssemblyAI integration for Semantic Kernel .NET
Google announces new AI-powered features for Pixel 8 series, including Best Take, which lets users .
'Electronic tongue' holds promise as possible first step to artificial emotional intelligence
#ECAI2023 in tweets
Think before you speak: Training Language Models With Pause Tokens
It is up to developers   not builders   to make AI safe, says Mistral .
Using a Knowledge Graph to implement a DevOps RAG application
You Probably Know GANs, But Do You Know How To Train It?
How Data Scientists Can Benefit from Using LinkedIn More
Prompt Robustness: How to Measure and How to Enhance
News app turned X competitor Artifact now lets users generate AI images for their posts
7 Steps to Mastering Natural Language Processing
Lemurian Labs is building a new compute paradigm to reduce cost of running AI models
Deepfakes in Slovakia Preview How AI Will Change the Face of Elections
Google's Pixel 8 is  engineered and built for the generative AI era
Meta's AI Stickers Are Already Causing Trouble
Google Assistant with Bard will use generative AI for personalized answers
Deadspin's AI Is Suddenly Publishing Dozens of New Articles
Ask .NET Rocks! questions with Semantic Kernel, GPT, and Chroma DB
A deep dive on the Pixel 8 lineup's camera improvements, like Video Boost that uses .
Google is launching a generative AI-enhanced version of Assistant
Researchers use AI to design a walking  robot  in seconds
Google Pixel 8 gets more nifty AI-powered editing tools for photo and video
Building (and Breaking) WebLangChain
Take DevOps Automation to Hyperspeed with Hypermodal AI
Google Photos' AI-powered Magic Editor feature to ship with Pixel 8 and 8 Pro
Canva Partners With Runway to Create Generative AI Videos
Pixel 8 Pro runs Google's generative AI models on-device
Fitbit is getting an AI chatbot that can tell you why your run sucked
Google announces Assistant with Bard, adding generative AI capabilities to its mobile assistant, including planning .
Google just announced the Pixel 8 series phones &mdash; here are the key new features .
An Interactive Intro to CRDTs
Google Pixel 8 Pro vs. the competition: From Tensor to temperature sensor
Google Pixel 8 vs. the competition: The seven-year smartphone
Textual Novelty Detection
Pixel 8 and 8 Pro hands-on: an iterative update focused on camera and AI improvements, .
Voice actors raise more concerns over AI-generated counterparts
Meta rolls out AI features for advertisers, like using AI to create backgrounds, expand images, .
Data analytics reveal real business value
Google announces AI-powered photo editing features for new Pixel phones
DALL-E 3 is now available for free in Bing Chat
AI Bias & Cultural Stereotypes: Effects, Limitations, & Mitigation
Insect cyborgs: Towards precision movement
Generative AI removing background noise from recordings is just one of the new tools for .
Deepmind's Promptbreeder automates prompt engineering
This blisteringly hot AI-powered grill cooks food 'up to 10x faster'
Google announces the Pixel 8 with a 6.1-inch 120 Hz refresh rate display, better camera, .
Meta's Deranged AI-Generated Stickers Include Waluigi with a Gun, Child Soldiers, Naked People
Evaluating LLMs is a minefield
Google Pixel 8 lineup has a bevy of generative AI features
Open X-Embodiment dataset and RT-X model aim to revolutionise robotics
Android 14's AI-generated wallpapers might be its coolest new feature
Anthony Goonetilleke, Group President, Technology & Head of Strategy at Amdocs   Interview Series
Google Assistant is finally getting the AI upgrades it deserves. Here's what's new
Google's Tensor G3 chip is focused on speeding up AI for the Pixel 8 phones
Google Assistant gets a host of upgrades on the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro
The Google Pixel 8 is official with 7 years of updates
Google's New Virtual Assistant to Include Bard AI Tools
Google Assistant is getting AI capabilities with Bard
Google Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro hands-on: Generative AI and a temperature sensor on .
Test-Driven Development with AI: The Right Way to Code Using Generative AI
The Complete Guide to Amazon Bedrock for Generative AI
This Research Paper Introduces Lavie: High-Quality Video Generation with Cascaded Latent Diffusion Models
Google supercharges its Assistant voice app with AI, hinting at how the company sees the .
Job listings on LinkedIn that mention AI have more than doubled in the past 2 .
When building out a matrix profile for a time series, what tests can be used .
[P] Using pre-trained models as features?
Democratizing AI with Open-Source Large Language Models
Google Photos' new AI tools are as complicated and messy as a memory
AI-powered chat assistance elevates online conversation quality, study finds
Study presents new method for explainable AI
Meta expands generative AI tools to boost effectiveness of ads
Arc Browser Unveils The Future of AI-Powered Browsing With  Arc Max
Tom Hanks unwillingly cloned by AI to sell dental plans
Sobo launches Industry-Disrupting Consultant Matching Platform
NASA studies human pilots to advance autonomous air taxis
Meet Text2Reward: A Data-Free Framework that Automates the Generation of Dense Reward Functions Based on .
Rewind Pendant is a wearable AI microphone that records and transcribes your conversations
ThreatQuotient bridges AI with Threat Intelligence in the SOC
Facebook's new AI stickers can generate Mickey Mouse holding a machine gun
Google Assistant to Integrate Bard Chatbot and All the Other AI Features Coming to the .
Eye On AI: OpenAI And Anthropic Aim For Big Valuation Spikes, Visa Looks To Join .
Please suggest some good apps for DeepNude photos without blurring.
[R] Large Language Models Represents Space and Time
ManageEngine launches its Cloud-Native Identity Platform
[R] Angle-Optimized Text Embeddings
The Ultimate Guide to Getting a Data Scientist Job in 2023 (Even If You're a .
Protecting a Static Website with JWT and Lambda@Edge
OpenAI Unveils DALL-E 3 & Users Can Generate Images in ChatGPT
Renesas partners with EdgeCortix to Streamline AI/ML Development
Learn How to Design & Deploy Responsible AI Systems
Instagram Founders' Artifact News App Adds AI-Generated Images, Gets More Confusing
Celebrate Hacktoberfest with these Exciting Open Source Repositories to contribute to
BTI360 announces Joey Lauffer as Chief Growth Officer
Orchestrate Machine Learning Pipelines with AWS Step Functions
10 Can't-Miss Sessions on Language Models Coming to ODSC West 2023
Analyzing the Security of Machine Learning Research Code
Data Science Project For Measuring the Success of an Instagram TV Product.
Hurtling toward generative AI adoption? Why skepticism is your best protection
Scalable spherical CNNs for scientific applications
Microsoft Unveils the Potential of Large Multimodal Models with GPT-4V(ision)
Can Large Language Models Revolutionize Multi-Scene Video Generation? Meet VideoDirectorGPT: The Future of Dynamic Text-to-Video .
What are Query, Key, and Value in the Transformer Architecture and Why Are They Used?
AI Doomer vs Techno-Optimist: Social Fabric, AI Girlfriends, Mass Media
NZ's political leaders are ignoring the mounting threats from AI   and that's putting everyone .
Would you apply or nah? (assuming the rest of the job post is interesting)
Musk's Counterproductive Moves
An overview of what's out there for reproducibility with R
Microsoft rolls OpenAI's text-to-pic DALL-E 3 into Bing
Amazon DataZone Goes GA
Practical Advice for Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), by Sam Partee at QCon San Francisco
KDnuggets News, October 5: 5 Free Books to Help You Master Python   Top 7 .
I've been waiting!
Looking inside GPT-Synthesizer and the idea of LLM-based code generation
Topic Modelling using ChatGPT API
Learn Must-Have AI Skills at New AI Training Program
Chronon - Airbnb's End-to-End Feature Platform at QConSF 2023
Create 3-D Galactic Art with Matplotlib
Hierarchical Transformers
Coin Counting using Lang-SAM
Appian appoints Randy Guard as Chief Marketing Officer
Recent grad finally hired!
Arc browser is offering the most truly helpful spin on AI I've seen so far
Rewst releases 50 Pre-Built Automations
EY Americas' AI Leaders on Optimizing Your AI Workforce
Piotr Orzechowski accepted into Forbes Technology Council
HealthLynked announces Patent Filing for ARI
What LinkedIn's OpenAI-Powered Assistant Got Right (and Wrong)
Bing Chat Will Help With Fraud If You Tug Its Heartstrings About Your Dead Grandma
Everything Google Announced at Its Big Pixel Event
Meta Supercharges its Ads Manager With a GenAI Trio
SigmaSense appoints David French as CEO
pyaction 4.25.0 Released
Artifact will let you generate images with AI for your posts
My Impressions (and Application) of the Heidelberg Laureate Forum 2023
Made by Google: Pixel 8 Available October 12
Practical Applications of Edge AI in Energy
Walmart experiments with new generative AI tools that can help you plan a party or .
Fully Explained AdaBoost Ensemble Technique with Python Example
Dell Expands its Generative AI Offerings to Enable Model Customization
AWS Announces Powerful New Offerings to Accelerate Generative AI Innovation
A Smarter Slice: Domino's and MSFT in GenAI Hookup
CEO Roasts Human Workers He Fired and Replaced With ChatGPT
In Defense of AI Writing From a Writer Who Doesn't AI-Write
Otimizando buscas com grandes volumes de dados utilizando Scroll e Elasticsearch
Microsoft Copilot is showing ads in Windows 11 now, too
C3 AI announces partnership with ESG Book
Bing Chat LLM Tricked into Circumventing CAPTCHA Filter
Researchers Enable Control Over AI Model Behavior, Break Open The 'Black Box'
Inside GPT-4V: The AI Model Behind ChatGPT's New Multimodal Powers
Using deep learning to classify steel materials objectively
Zoom unveils an AI-powered collaborative workplace, Zoom Docs
Data Science(s) in the plural
SecureAuth joins IDPro to Help Strengthen IAM Community
Zapata AI and Mila Partner to Elevate Generative Modeling Research for Industrial Use Cases
Simplifying Transformers: State of the Art NLP Using Words You Understand   part 4   .
Kernel Density Estimator for Multidimensional Data
General Availability of Amazon Bedrock Announced
Microsoft Goes All in With AI Through Copilot in Latest Windows Update
[R] Will a small error be determining in the final decision for my paper?
Canva creates $200m kitty to pay creators for stuff they feed its design-bot
Supercharge Your Defense: Level Up AI-Powered Models To Combat Fraud In APAC
'AI is having a major impact on the discovery of novel drugs'
How Can We Efficiently Distinguish Facial Images Without Reconstruction? Check Out This Novel AI Approach .
Sloan's Inbox: How to connect with folks over Open Source?
What Can Java Do for Machine Learning?
Bard Comes to Google Assistant
People are figuring out ways to generate inappropriate images with Meta's new AI stickers &mdash; .
Meet Silicon Valley's Generative AI Darling
[R] Tensor Programs VI: Feature Learning in Infinite-Depth Neural Networks
Google AI and Cornell Researchers Introduce DynIBaR: A New AI Method that Generates Photorealistic Free-Viewpoint .
Adobe teases next-gen AI tools for image editing and object manipulation in a few clicks
Reka launches Yasa-1, a multimodal AI assistant to take on ChatGPT
No, don't do MS Data Science/Analytics (without a math brain  )
Snowflake + ChatGPT Integration
Demystifying Database Security: A Guide to Teaching Non-Experts
[P] Open-source project to run locally LLMs in browser, such as Phi-1.5 for fully private .
Can we take the probabilities from one model and make it a feature to the .
[D] Thoughts on current Vector DB landscape?
EdgeCortix closes $20 Million in Additional Funding Round
Google Assistant Gets a Generative AI Upgrade, Integrates Bard
Galway-based Joulica to create 40 new jobs over next three years
Dynamic Pricing with Contextual Bandits: Learning by Doing
How Simple Numerical Integration Can Make Your Life Easier in Equation Modeling Tasks
Simplifying Transformers: State of the Art NLP Using Words You Understand   part 5  Decoder .
A Gentle Introduction to Complementary Log-Log Regression
Interactive Dashboards in Excel
LogicMonitor launches Dexda, AI for Hybrid Observability
Help me find FREE app for creating Deepnude
Salesforce AI Introduces GlueGen: Revolutionizing Text-to-Image Models with Efficient Encoder Upgrades and Multimodal Capabilities
Prenosis Inc. appoints Leadership Team
LA-based Machina Labs, which wants to use AI and robotics to build  software-defined factories , raised .
Hyundai says it will adopt Tesla's charging tech &mdash; here's the full list of automakers .
Intern Insights: Dr. Madeleine Daepp with Jennifer Scurrell and Alejandro Cuevas
Advancing generative AI exploration safely and securely
Briefing: Google Docs' new competitor, AI wars, App industry benchmarks
AI-powered parking platform Metropolis raises $1.7B to acquire SP Plus
Foxit leads in 2023 IDC Marketscape Worldwide eSignature Report
Latest Advancements in the Field of Multimodal AI: (ChatGPT + DALLE 3) + (Google BARD .
Extension pgvector Makes pgEdge a Distributed Vector Database
Getty Images CEO Craig Peters has a plan to defend photography from AI
Likewise debuts Pix, an AI chatbot for entertainment recommendations
What Is Responsible AI & How Big Companies Implement It In Their Products?
Why Do We Need an OpenAI of Europe?
Maximize Performance in Edge AI Applications
AI-Powered Patient Experience Insights: PEP Health
Big Tech is promising AI assistants straight out of 'Iron Man' in an attempt to .
10 Kubernetes Best Practices in DevOps   without ChatGPT
Zen JavaScript?
AI as a Weapon Against Inequality
Nvidia could be prepping a new entry-level RTX 3050 with just 6GB of VRAM
[D] - Are LoRAs able to improve results on reasoning benchmarks or is full-parameter fine .
Google Tensor G3 is your Pixel's engine
Quick attribute aware road network contraction
Machine Learning Must-Reads: Fall Edition
How does the Pixel 8 stack up against the iPhone 15
AI approach yields 'athletically intelligent' robotic dog
Stability CEO Touts AI as a Weapon Against Inequality
Download the Generative AI 2023 report today
Generating production-level streaming microservices using AI
Canva bolsters AI offerings, providing copyright indemnity for AI-generated images
In the age of AI disinformation, people remain the biggest challenge
Time Series Visualization
Experienced CV engineers, how deep into the fundamentals do you go (mathematics, classical methods, creating .
Cloud Providers Eye Nuclear Power as AI Saps Data Centers
Gradient raises $10M to let companies deploy and fine-tune multiple LLMs
Observability platform Observe raises $50M in debt, launches gen AI features
Vera wants to use AI to cull generative models' worst behaviors
Laying the foundation for data- and AI-led growth
Atropos Health leverages AI to democratize access to real-world evidence in healthcare
Generative AI Has Ushered In the Next Phase of Digital Spirituality
The Urgent Need for an Open GPU Infrastructure
First-ever World Model for Autonomous Drive
Google Flexes Edge AI through Pixel 8
[D] David Donoho: Data Science at the Singularity (pushback on AGI singularity, advocates for Open .
SymphonyAI turns Profitable on Accelerating Customer & Revenue Growth
Hyundai EVs will support Tesla's NACS charging starting in Q4 2024
Hyundai is switching to Tesla-style NACS plugs for its EVs in late 2024
Hyundai's future EVs will also have Tesla's EV charging port
6 Most Exciting New Updates in PyTorch 2.1
5 Free Platforms for Building a Strong Data Science Portfolio
VIAVI launches NITRO Wireless
New Pixels, New Assistant, but the Same Old Google
IBM propels PyTorch beyond model training into AI inference
Meta AI Introduces AnyMAL: The Future of Multimodal Language Models Bridging Text, Images, Videos, Audio, .
Frontegg received several badges & awards in G2 Fall Report rankings
Microsoft's Bing chat botches election information, endangers democracy, study finds
The Morning After: Pixel 8 Pro, Bard AI and everything else from Google's Pixel event
AMD Radeon RX 7900 XTX vs. Nvidia GeForce RTX 4080: The Re-Review
Adobe teases new AI photo editing tool that will 'revolutionize' its products
A neural network method for satellite anomaly detection
Generative AI Is Coming for Sales Execs' Jobs and They're Celebrating
AI content editing is the hot freelance side hustle as businesses and individuals look to .
Machine Learning Costs: Price Factors and Real-World Estimates
As China churns out warships, the US Navy is looking for drones and AI to .
What's one hard thing about being a data scientist?
Handling class imbalance in multiclass classification.
De-risking Generative AI for the Enterprise
HVAC algorithm can provide thermal comfort for building occupants, with a smaller carbon footprint
Researchers train AI with reinforcement learning to defeat champion Street Fighter players
ViT Attention, Infinite LLMs, and Age-Warping Friends with AI
Open Source Principles in Foundation Models
The Latest AI Chatbots Can Handle Text, Images and Sound. Here's How
Man Jailed In UK's First Treason Conviction In 40 Years Encouraged by AI Chatbot
Why you should build RAG from scratch - with Jerry Liu from LlamaIndex
How the Big Chip Makers Are Pushing Back on Biden's China Agenda
Epik App's AI '90s Yearbook Photo Trend is Taking Over The Internet
Metropolis, which provides AI-powered parking services, raised $650M in debt and $1.05B in Series C .
Microsoft Announces More AI-Focused Development and Management Tools at 2023 Power Platform Conference
The Prompt Optimization Stack, an Overview of LLMOps, and Using Synthetic Data for LLMs
Notes on CLIP: Connecting text and Images
Emerging Threats: Securing Applications in the Age of Language Models
When is a PC an AI PC? Nobody seems to know or wants to tell
Opinion: NZ's political leaders are ignoring the mounting threats from AI, and that's putting everyone .
How Close Are We to AGI?
Chatbot Hallucinations Are Poisoning Web Search
HoloAssist: A multimodal dataset for next-gen AI copilots for the physical world
Ceribell appointed Joshua Copp as Chief Operating Officer
GPT-4 scores in the top 1% of test-takers for creative thinking
Altair acquires OmniQuest
Researchers from ETH Zurich and Microsoft Introduce SCREWS: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Enhancing the .
How to create a digital marketing strategy with AI
New technique based on 18th-century mathematics shows simpler AI models don't need deep learning
Ronald T. Kneusel, Author of  How AI Work: From Sorcery to Science    Interview Series
Book Review:  How AI Work: From Sorcery to Science  by Ronald T. Kneusel
How AI can level the playing field in learning and education
Operationalizing AI: Accelerating Automation, DataOps, AIOps
Presentation: Ray: The Next Generation Compute Runtime for ML Applications
A Barcelona market used 5G to power an AR personal-shopper experience, helping tourists and locals .
UK's Nvidia Rival, Graphcore, Needs Funds After Loss Widens
DustPhotonics announced Merchant 800G Silicon Photonics Chip
How to Create a ChatGPT Persona for Business Strategy
OpenAI's new image and voice updates will be available to ChatGPT Plus users first. Here's .
Can Large Language Models Self-Correct Their Own Reasoning? Maybe Not.
Driving companywide efficiencies with AI
atNorth announces Daniel Persson as Chief HPC Officer to Lead HPC Unit
A Comprehensive Approach to Using LLMs
Tiny Language Models Come of Age
Facebook's New AI Stickers Let You Generate Pics of Elon Musk With Boobs
AgileBlue reveals Sapphire and New SOAR Capabilities
Introduction to Python Programming - Organizing Your Code With Modules
Lessons From my 2 Year Job Search
Shanghai Jiao Tong University Researchers Unveil RH20T: The Ultimate Robotic Dataset Boasting 110K Sequences, Multimodal .
Decoding Speech from Brain Waves - A Breakthrough in Brain-Computer Interfaces
Critical 'ShellTorch' Flaws Light Up Open Source AI Users, Like Google
Docker dives into AI to help developers build GenAI apps
Hungryroot founder debuts Every, an AI-powered app for self-reflection and human connection
10 investors talk about the future of AI and what lies beyond the ChatGPT hype
CyberLink FaceMe Security & Hanwha Vision Wisenet WAVE VMS integrate
Okta launched Passkey Support
Power Optimization with NVIDIA Jetson
Three New Modules on LLM University: Semantic Search, Prompt Engineering, and Building With the Cohere .
generate-sitemap 1.9.2 Released
Can AI Save Crypto Investors?
Commure combines with Athelas
'Our life's work': Chorus of creative workers demands AI regulation at FTC roundtable
Researchers at the Shibaura Institute of Technology Revolutionize Face Direction Detection with Deep Learning: Navigating .
Use Frequency More Frequently
Q&A: Anthropologist discusses why we are so tempted to treat AI as 'god-like'
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman foresees 'breathtaking' scientific discoveries, muses on geoengineering
The Internet is already having  fun  with Meta's generative AI stickers
QCon San Francisco 2023 Day 2: Design for Resilience, Platform Engineering, Modern ML, JVM Trends
Adobe Teases Amazing AI Photo Editing Where Everything's a Layer
LangChain 101: Part 2c. Fine-tuning LLMs with PEFT, LORA, and RL
Challenges in enterprise generative AI
Dell Technologies Expands GenAI Lineup for Enterprises
Versa Networks leads in the Gartner Magic Quadrant  for SD-WAN
Every enterprise plans to increase AI spending next year
Virtual try-on tech is tackling a $280 billion problem in fashion retail and offering customers .
Transformers   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
Self-Supervised Learning Using Projection Heads.
Multi-Dimensional Exploration Is Possible!
New tools are available to help reduce the energy that AI models devour
Researchers develop AI solutions for inclusion of Arabic and its dialects in Natural Language Processing
Overcoming Developer's Block
Show-1 is the best free AI video creator yet
Wayve's GAIA-1 9B generates synthetic video to train autonomous vehicles
When AutoML Meets Large Language Model
Samsung shows off better AI, security and sustainability for products at SDC 2023
Introducing KeyLLM   Keyword Extraction with LLMs
The top 11 React chart libraries for data visualization
As its workers strike over burnout and low wages, Kaiser Permanente strikes a deal to .
javadoc-cleanup 1.3.7 Released (minor bug fixes)
4 AI-powered photo and video features on Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro giving us .
[D] Adapting OpenSource GPT Models - requirements/possibilities?
Bayesian recommendations?
Micron foresees new quarterly losses, bets on HBM3 Gen2 tech and Nvidia partnership for the .
Harvard Study: GPT-4 Boosts Work Quality by Over 40%
Microsoft Redesigns OneDrive for Business Layout
ChatGPT is Amazing But Overhyped
Author Rebecca Solnit Found 'Half' Her Books in a Dataset Used to Develop AI
Just Released: NVIDIA HPC SDK 23.9
[R] Meta researchers present method for decoding speech from brain waves
Observe Turns to GenAI to Bolster Observability
How Nvidia, Intel, and Qualcomm are pushing back against the Biden administration's plans for further .
Stealthy, Thieving Python Packages Slither Onto Windows Systems
Let's Get Ready to Jiggle: Fat Bear Week Is Here Again to Soothe Your Soul
Docker ties up with Neo4j, LangChain, and Ollama to launch Gen AI Stack
Generative AI in commerce: 5 ways industries are changing how they do business
Data Science not in demand.
AI is transforming organizations everywhere. How these 6 companies are leading the way
3 ways AI is revolutionizing how health organizations serve patients. Can LLMs like ChatGPT help?
If AI is the future of your business, should the CIO be the one in .
3 ways to secure the best AI partner for your business
7 advanced ChatGPT prompt-writing tips you need to know
Google Home Launching Generative AI Coding Feature to Customize Smart Home Routines
Q&A with OpenAI CTO Mira Murati about joining OpenAI, copyright challenges, AI regulation, competition, safety .
This Week's Most Read: Developing an 'AI IQ' for Business Success
Study: AI, Overcoming Data Hurdles Key to DevOps Automation Gains
Generative AI News This Week - Meta's AI Adventures, Bard on Assistant, MrBeast, Cohere, LinkedIn .
4chan users manipulate AI tools to unleash torrent of racist images
Deep Bio earns Coveted Spot in Korea AI Startup 100 List
How Large Language Models and Humans Can Make Strategic Decisions Together
Anthropic Looks to Raise $2 Billion from Google, Other Funds
Man Whose AI 'Girlfriend' Encouraged Him to Assassinate Queen Elizabeth II Gets Nine Years in .
Speed Meets Sustainability: Dr. Satoshi Matsuoka on the Future of AI and Supercomputing
Some 4chan users are running a coordinated campaign to flood the internet with racist images .
XGBoost 2.0: New Tool for Training Better AI Models on More Complex Data
Dell Says Servers, Not PCs, Are Its Main Growth Engine in the AI Era
Article: Changes of Embeddings during Fine-Tuning of Vision Transformers
RobotLAB inks Second Franchise Agreement in North Carolina
5 year experience MLR, PhD or pass?
Pausing AI development now would be premature, says UK's top AI advisor
All eyes on VW after Hyundai, Kia adopt Tesla charging standard
How Visual Artists Used Photo Skills to Make 'The Creator' Feature Film
Acting union calls out Hollywood studios for 'double standard' on AI use
Source: Meta is paying several creators millions of dollars over multiple years for nonexclusive use .
Andreessen Horowitz Discussed Backing a Midjourney Rival Seeking $500 Million Valuation
Bing's AI image generator apparently blocks prompts about the Twin Towers
GPT-4 Advanced Data Analysis: A Beginner's Guide to Charts and Maps
Meta Is Paying Creators Millions for AI Chatbots
[R] Is self-correction a viable method to improve LLM reasoning? Probably not.
Sai Life Sciences Partners with Dassault Systmes to Advance Drug Discovery
Mokker Studio
How can Hacktoberfest 2023 be a turning point in your OSS journey & why AI .
Reinforcement Learning Craves for Less Human, More AI
Combating AI-Generated Fake Images with JavaScript Libraries, by Kate Sills at QCon San Francisco
MIT Researchers Introduce PFGM++: A Groundbreaking Fusion of Physics and AI for Advanced Pattern Generation
TSMC Sales Fell Less Than Feared as AI Demand Offset Broad Slump
Know Your Audience: A Guide to Preparing for Technical Presentations
The Curse of Dimensionality, Demystified
A CEO who replaced 90% of his support staff with an AI chatbot says copy-paste .
You've Hit a Wall in Your Data Project, Now What?
WorkAI Tools Individual Edition
General-Purpose Robot RT-X: A Collaboration between DeepMind and 33 Academic Labs
How Oracle is Reimagining Healthcare with Generative AI
A Simple Guide to Understand the apply() Functions in R
Forget RAG, the Future is RAG-Fusion
OpenAI to Release Its Python SDK
Retro-Engineering a Database Schema: GPT vs. Bard vs. LLama2 (Episode 2)
US Warns EU's Landmark AI Policy Will Only Benefit Big Tech
Title: Mastering Legends in R: Drawing Them Outside the Plot
Researchers at Stanford Present A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method that can Effectively and Efficiently Decompose .
Easy Shared Reactive State in React without External Libraries
Veteran Apple investor Alan Patricof says AI is the 'flavor of the month'
[D] Parallelizing cheaper GPUs(rtx 4090) vs buying A100
Meet Concept2Box: Bridging the Gap Between High-Level Concepts and Fine-Grained Entities in Knowledge Graphs   .
Artificial intelligence such as ChatGPT to be allowed in Australian schools from 2024
Sources: OpenAI is exploring making its own AI chips and has evaluated a potential acquisition .
[R] Agent Instructs Large Language Models to be General Zero-Shot Reasoners
[D] How to compute the distance between two high-dimensional distributions?
Autonomous AI systems in the face of liability, regulations and costs
StreamingLLM shows how one token can keep AI models running smoothly indefinitely
[P] How to extract and count artist mentions from messy text data using LLMs
Advice for a beginner in CV.
Nucleus AI emerges from stealth with 22B model to transform agriculture
Anthropic Makes OpenAI Look Cheap
Do most companies use AWS/Azure?
Researchers Found A Way to Make AI Emit Less CO2
AI Tools for Students: From AI Essay Generators to AI Coding Assistants
Bring Back Galactica
How to use Bing Image Creator (and why it's better than ever)
Data Behind Solving Hairfall Mystery
Avenues for publishing AI ethics case studies?
[P] MazeGPT - Transformer based maze generator
AI News Roundup: AI Girlfriend App Courts Taylor Swift, Bids $2M for Likeness
Congratulations to the #ECAI2023 outstanding paper award winners
Mistral AI Open-Sources Mistral 7B: A Small Yet Powerful Language Model Adaptable to Many Use-Cases
Content creation is easier than ever with Canva Magic Studio
Symbolic Language empowers AI applications, Opening New Frontiers
Customized test benchmarks and openness crucial as generative AI models evolve
How to grab high paying Python jobs in 2023
Q&A with Getty Images' Craig Peters on the company's generative AI tool, copyright issues, attribution .
Niryo raises  10 million to continue its international expansion
Best cloud solution for ML on huge dataset
Make smooth videos with AnimateDiff and an interpolator
OpenAI is exploring making its own chips as AI companies scramble to overcome the global .
Revolutionizing Bioscience Research: Creating an Atlas of the Human Body
UNESCO, Dutch join forces on ethical AI supervision project
Google Home will get a generative AI boost, too
ResponsibleUse of AI: EqualAI, Google DeepMind, Microsoft, & Others
How Google's Pixel 8 changes everything for Android
How AWS is Democratising Access to Quantum Computing in India
Uber fined for failing to explain AI firing of drivers
Snap's AI chatbot draws scrutiny in UK over kids' privacy concerns
Komodo Health awarded CMS Innovator's License
Visual Studio Code now includes a GitHub Copilot preview
OpenAI Considers Building Its Own Chips
Snap Gets Enforcement Notice From UK Watchdog on AI Chatbot
The most sought-after Data Science skills
Build A Website Blocker App With Python
OpenAI considers building its own AI chips amid chip shortage and high costs
The CEO who replaced 90% of his support staff with AI warns that copy-paste jobs .
Russia is probing an alleged plot to kill Putin after getting a tip about a .
We weren't prepared for how big ChatGPT would be, says OpenAI CTO
Meta pays top dollar for celebrity AI twins
Webinar: Learn how to fine-tune RAG and boost your content quality with Zilliz and .
Unveiling Hidden Patterns: An Introduction to Hierarchical Clustering
Meta's New AI Dating Coach Will Kink Shame You (Unless You're Into Foot Stuff)
Graphcore Was the UK's AI Champion Now It's Scrambling to Stay Afloat
Former Google and Meta Engineers Announce AI Startup
Optimised Electrotech Partners with ISRO for Technology Transfer
EU's AI Act will hurt smaller companies, US warns
Google's Pixel 8 launch was a parade of AI
Instagram Attempts to Revive Fledgling X Rival Threads
Your boss wants you to know how to use AI &mdash; but don't worry, you .
AI Summit New York: How Businesses Can Adapt and Apply ChatGPT
Can AI be a force for social good?
Meet ConceptGraphs: An Open-Vocabulary Graph-Structured Representation for 3D Scenes
SMBs Embrace the Future, Ready to Harness the Power of AI & Automation
The future of digital transformation
AI Magic Studio in Canva
A Python steganography API at your service.
Coda bucks trend of additional charges for generative AI tools
AI voice clone of ex-president reaches hundreds of thousands in Sudan civil war
FILS Europe 2023: The evolution of OEMS platforms
AI Governance: A Deep Dive with an Expert
Walmart Teases Generative AI Chatbot and Synthetic 3D Images for Online Shopping
A Pattern for the Lightweight Deployment of Distributed XGBoost and LightGBM Models
[D] What's the SOTA model in Time Series Long term forecasting?
Celina Lee, CEO and Co-Founder of Zindi   Interview Series
What Is Milvus Vector Database?
Embracing the Inevitable: The Era of AI-First Companies
UK's Information Commissioner's Office issues a preliminary enforcement notice to Snap about concerns that My .
Generative AI Is a Disaster, and Companies Don't Seem to Really Care
Real-time transcription in Python
Australia's Telecommunications Industry Following Global Peers on Generative AI
Comprehensive Introduction to AI Image Generation
The Prompt Optimization Stack
Data Visualization: Presenting Complex Information Effectively
Efficient and hardware-friendly neural architecture search with SpaceEvo
Yasa-1 is a multimodal AI assistant that aims to compete with ChatGPT
MongoDB Quick Start Guide
Graphcore is struggling   what's gone wrong for the once 'NVIDIA rival'?
AI Models Can Now Selectively 'Forget' Data After Training
[Week of 10/2] LangChain Release Notes
News Site Partners with AI Service That Measures Reliability, Which Flags Its Articles as Unreliable
OpenAI Apparently Wants to Make Its Own AI Chips on Top of the 'iPhone for .
Science, Passion, and the Future of Multi-Objective Optimization
Get the Most from Pandas GroupBy
Gradient announces $10 Million in Seed Funding Round
Some gen AI vendors say they'll defend customers from IP lawsuits. Others, not so much
Researchers create a neural network for genomics that explains how it achieves accurate predictions
I built an AI-Editorial Assistant to annotate your work
UN, Red Cross want bans, curbs on killer robots
As AI and HPC Converge, Hardware Evolves
Pro Weekly: Generative AI Startups Hedge Their Bets
Spotify spotted prepping a $19.99/mo 'Superpremium' service with lossless audio, AI playlists and more
Business Value Trumps Data First Strategies With AI
Researchers at MIT and Harvard Unveil a Revolutionary AI-Based Computational Approach: Efficiently Pinpointing Optimal Genetic .
Comparing Apples to Oranges with python
UK regulator says Snap's AI chatbot may put kids' privacy at risk
Pitch Deck Teardown: Lupiya's $8.3M Series A deck
OpenAI considers in-house chip manufacturing amid global shortage
How Can We Foresee Our Relationship With AI?
3 Data Science Projects Guaranteed to Land You That Job
UK data watchdog issues Snapchat enforcement notice over AI chatbot
Remember That Letter Calling for a Pause on AI? It Didn't Work
AI is making browsing Reddit a lot more fun
Project - Implement Blue/Green deployment of Python (Django) Application on AWS Elastic Beanstalk
From Proprietary to Open Source to Fleets of Custom LLMs
AI firms working on  constitutions  to keep AI from spewing toxic content
AuthenticID wins  Authentication Solution of the Year  Designation
Disney Has No Comment on Microsoft's AI Generating Pictures of Mickey Mouse Doing 9/11
As generative AI models evolve, customized test benchmarks and openness are crucial
[D] How is neural ODEs as a field of study?
[D] EMNLP 2023 decisions thread
Introducing Forrester's Generative AI Consumer Outlook Quarterly Blog Series
US gov't analysis says EU AI Act could stifle R&D, competition: Report
Environment Variables in Environment Variables in NodeJs: The complete Guide
TechCrunch+ Roundup: AI investor survey, calculating TAM, inside the FTX trial
How Can We Elevate the Quality of Large Language Models? Meet PIT: An Implicit Self-Improvement .
Object Computing unveiled Quick Start Workshops
Two experiments make a case for using deepfakes in training videos
Engadget Podcast: Google's Pixel 8 phones and Pixel Watch 2
Researchers: Low-Resource Languages Can Easily Jailbreak LLMs
How Gen AI Will Reshape CRM's Value
AI app EPIK hits No. 1 on the App Store for its viral yearbook photo .
Modern Compute Stack for Scaling Large AI/ML/LLM Workloads at QCon San Francisco
Humans can't resist breaking AI with boobs and 9/11 memes
Spotify Code Hints at Generative AI Playlists
QCon San Francisco 2023 Day 3: Architecting the Cloud, Deep Tech, Frontend Trends, Org Resilience
R-Guru.com Cheat Sheet for Statistical Programmers
Business owner 'hires' ChatGPT for customer service, fires the humans | National Post
Elevate Your Search Engine Skills with Uplimit's Search with ML Course!
Source: Microsoft plans to unveil its first chip for data centers that train and run .
The BBC is blocking OpenAI data scraping but is open to AI-powered journalism
Enhancing Reasoning Capabilities of Large Language Models using Graph-Based Verification: part 1
Economist Tyler Cowen Explains Why AI Won't Be the Revolution We Expect
Optimizing the Integration of Renewable Energy to our Supply Chains
Microsoft to Debut AI Chip Next Month That Could Cut Nvidia GPU Costs
Predictive Analysis Can Reduce Risks Associated With Data Breaches
Demystifying Mistral-7b
OpenAI said to be considering developing its own AI chips
Section 32 closes $525 Million Oversubscribed Fund 5
HP just unveiled a portable all-in-one computer, and that wasn't the craziest announcement
The best robot vacuum deals in October 2023
AI-Powered Carousel Maker - Create Carousels 10x Faster
Atropos Health launches New Geneva OS and ChatRWD User Application
Slingshot Aerospace harnessing AI to track suspicious satellites
Definitive Healthcare names Carrie Lazorchak as Chief Revenue Officer
New AI Technique Helps Find Alzheimer's Drug Targets
G-7 Plans to Ask AI Companies to Agree to Watermarks, Audits
The best Roborock vacuums of 2023
Is there any benefit for a Data Analyst to learn C#?
[R] Brown University Paper: Low-Resource Languages (Zulu, Scots Gaelic, Hmong, Guarani) Can Easily Jailbreak LLMs
Getty Images built a  socially responsible  AI tool that rewards artists
Bing Chat AI tricked into solving CAPTCHA tests with simple lies
AI, Ethics, Governance and Innovation: Interview with an Ethics Expert
How to run Mistral 7B with an API
AI girlfriend encouraged man to attempt crossbow assassination of Queen
Image Segmentation: An In-Depth Guide
Self-Service Data Not Quite a Reality Yet, Capital One Software Says
Building a Streaming Data Pipeline with Redshift Serverless and Kinesis
Wheel of Time Season 3 Is Going to Be 'Massive'
Speech AI for Sales Intelligence Platforms: How to Use AI in 2023
Protesters Decry Meta's  Irreversible Proliferation  of AI
Biggest AI Systems Poised for Stricter Set of EU Rules
HungryRoot CEO Leverages Generative AI for 'Every' App Encourage Deeper Relationships and Self-Discovery
Survey: Challenges and Solutions in Generative AI Adoption
[Project] LoRA from Scratch
Microsoft 365 Copilot Cheat Sheet: Price, Benefits & Release Date
[P] I'm using Instruct GPT to show anti-clickbait summaries on youtube videos
OpenAI Contemplates Joining the AI Chipmaking League
Artists across industries are strategizing together around AI concerns
Alphabet's Pichai Set to Testify in Google Pay Antitrust Trial
Sales teams at Google, Twilio, and others say they have seen productivity spike after using .
What is a foundational model?
How to Use Color in Data Visualizations
The Design of Everyday (AI) Things
Advanced Python: Metaclasses
Exploring Counterfactual Insights: From Correlation to Causation in Data Analysis
[R] AutoAgents: A Framework for Automatic Agent Generation - Peking University 2023 - Generates the .
What title do these roles and responsibilities fit into?
Big Tech's thirst for AI dominance may bring literal thirst for everyone else
[P] Tutorial: Benchmarking Bark text-to-speech on 26 consumer GPUs - Reading out 144K recipes
How Does PPO With Clipping Work?
Harnessing AI for a Better World
Experiment Orchestration From Scratch
Is NVIDIA Abusing Its AI Market Dominance? EU Probes into NVIDIA's Overwhelming Control in the .
Researchers from China Unveil ImageReward: A Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Approach to Optimizing Text-to-Image Models Using .
Is it common to do computer vision without using the opencv/cv2 library?
Generative AI With Amazon Bedrock and Unity3D
Early DALL-E 3 had an absurd concept of a picnic before OpenAI's alignment
Using Github Actions with Bun
How NVIDIA became a major player in robotics
The 12 Core Principles of AI Governance
Two words: jazz anime
Reka AI Introduces Yasa-1: A Multimodal Language Assistant with Visual and Auditory Sensors that can .
Apple is Far Behind Cloud Providers in Generative AI Says Needham Analyst
OpenAI is reportedly considering making its own chips
One in Ten Chatbot Users Are Big Time Horndogs, Researchers Find
How to Use Google Bard to Find Your Stuff in Gmail and Docs
[D] Schmidhuber summarized in one picture
Study Finds That Police  Crime Predicting  AI Fails Miserably at Predicting Crimes
Google DeepMind Releases Open X-Embodiment that Includes a Robotics Dataset with 1M+ Trajectories and a .
AI This Week: AI's Threat to Creative Freedom
Microsoft's Quest for the Next Killer App
Men are getting rich from AI. Women, not so much.
Best Vector Databases: Open Source Wins Again?
Unlock the Power of AI Writing with Copymatic!
The Advantages of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Everyday Existence
Why are there no good graph visualisation programs?
Large Language Models (LLMs) can aid healthcare, but privacy remains a hurdle
Researchers from Tsinghua University and Microsoft Introduce ToRA: An Artificial Intelligence Tool-Integrated Reasoning Agent for .
AI Chatbots Are Only Useful If You Think They Are, Scientists Find
The rise of AI girlfriends is making male loneliness worse and risks ruining a generation .
AI Will Augment Human Capabilities: WNS Global Services CEO
Using ChatGPT and AI to create Hardcore, Techno, and other music: How-tos and step-by-step tutorials .
ZygoteAI
Visualisation of each layer of a feed forward neural network as it learns from a .
[AIE Summit Preview #1] Swyx on Software 3.0 and the Rise of the AI Engineer
[R] The Alberta Plan for AI Research
Apes and AI (AAA)
Even though the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro have the same Tensor G3 chip, .
I tried out ChatGPT's new image feature, which can create recipes from ingredient photos, write .
Strategic Data Analysis (Part 1)
Canva's Magic Studio Catches Up To Adobe Firefly
Creating a Fall Detection Model Using Unsupervised Learning
NaN Values in the Python Standard Library
[P] Introducing SharePrompts- An Open-Source Easy Way to Save, Organize, and Share Your ChatGPT, Bard, .
Nobel laureate Maria Ressa on defending truth and the danger of A.I. in the wrong .
Adaptive structure evolution and biologically plausible synaptic plasticity for recurrent spiking neural networks
Context aware chunking with LLM
Trabaje con sus datos en tiempo real usando Langchain
[D] What exactly does base multimodal mean?
Researchers turn to Harry Potter to make AI forget about copyrighted material
DeepMind's 'remarkable' new AI controls robots of all kinds
All You Need To Know About The Qwen Large Language Models (LLMs) Series
The Noonification: Is Nvidia Abusing its Market Position? (10/7/2023)
The Artificiality of Alignment
Is human uncertainty the key to improving AI?
Generative Models and the Dance of Noise and Structure
Making Cardboard, Hobos sibling!
What Are Gradients, and Why Do They Explode?
5 Generative AI Use Cases Companies Can Implement Today
Quoting Dave Lee
Internet And Shadow Groups
How Can We Optimize Video Action Recognition? Unveiling the Power of Spatial and Temporal Attention .
A Deep Dive into Prompt Engineering for Amazon Bedrock
From Internet of Things to Internet of Everything: The Convergence of AI & 6G for .
Top AI Adventure: OpenAI Residency
AI hallucinations and can influence search results and other AI, creating a dangerous feedback loop
Google Assistant is have a Windows Copilot moment, and it's all thanks to AI
The He-Man Singularity Set was ahead of its time.
'It's a Cult': Inside Effective Accelerationism, the Pro-AI Movement Taking Over Silicon Valley
[R] Your WiFi router can see you.
Huge data issues
[N] EMNLP 2023 Anonymity Hypocrisy
SQLite vs. Chroma: A Comparative Analysis for Managing Vector Embeddings
[R] ToRA: A Tool-Integrated Reasoning Agent for Mathematical Problem Solving - Microsoft 2023 - Is .
A research paper details how decomposing groups of neurons in a neural network into interpretable .
Quoting DALL-E 3 leaked prompt
Overcoming Hallucinations in AI: How Factually Augmented RLHF Optimizes Vision-Language Alignment in Large Multimodal Models
Ten years in: Deep learning changed computer vision, but the classical elements still stand
[P] A poor man's VR (front camera + tensorflow.js)
about becoming a data analyst: almost 40y, no degrees, no experience in tech/business/office jobs, am .
How to Become a Data Engineer
Large Language Models: DistilBERT   Smaller, Faster, Cheaper and Lighter
Hierarchical Transformers   part 2
Gamma
DETR (Transformers for Object Detection)
Multivariate Time Series Forecasting with CNN-LSTM and features [D]
A Step By Step Guide to Selecting and Running Your Own Generative Model
AWS Lambda Function with Bedrock, Javascript SDK, Serverless framework
AI VFX experiment: AnimateDiff + ControlNet
Should we use non-linear models for  linear  data?
What do you guys believe are some important skills you need to have in order .
I asked GPT-4 to turn off my bedroom lamp... And it worked!
Meta AI Researchers Propose Advanced Long-Context LLMs: A Deep Dive into Upsampling, Training Techniques, and .
Japan to Propose Rules for Generative AI to G7 Leaders: Yomiuri
Amazon's Alexa cites an unverified source claiming the 2020 election was stolen
Go is bigger than crab!
The Most Obvious Secret in AI: Every Tech Giant Will Build Its Own Chips
Ahead of AI #12: LLM Businesses and Busyness
Sweden's 'queen of Noir' Camilla Lckberg accused of using a ghostwriter
Video Highlights: Make Better Decisions with Data   with Dr. Allen Downey
BrainChip Unveils Second-Generation Akida Platform for Edge AI Advancements
AI's $200B Question
JavaScript Magic Tricks: Html Encryption
The robots are coming, but older workers have less to fear than they might think .
The open web hasn't given in to chatbots yet
The race is on for tech's 'golden goose' &mdash; the iPhone of the AI era
Data Machina #222
How much data engineering do I need to know for Data Science?
Building a Tkinter GUI Application from Scratch
Exploratory Data Analysis using Data Visualization Techniques
Microsoft aims to loosen Nvidia's grip with its own AI chip and AMD
This AI Paper Reveals a New Approach to Understand Deep Learning Models: Unpacking the 'Where' .
[R] PB-LLM: Compressed Large Language Models with Partial Binarization
[AIE Summit Preview #2] The AI Horcrux   Swyx on Cognitive Revolution
LEETA ID Photo-passport photo
X for Free Speech and Citizen Journalism
Mastering ROUGE Matrix: Your Guide to Large Language Model Evaluation for Summarization with Examples
Need a reality check, is it me or the market?
Meta AI Researchers Introduce RA-DIT: A New Artificial Intelligence Approach to Retrofitting Language Models with .
[P] Evaluating Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) with any combination of LLMs, Vector DBs, and Ingestion Strategy
Rapid AI 2.0
It was not  Good First Issue
Have I fk'd up my career?
Self-completing Tasks in Confluo
Acer Chromebook Plus 515 review: Powerful performance limited by clunky software
Study: Digital watermark protections can be easily bypassed
Investor in Evergrande's Electric Car Unit to Pause Payments
Breaking Boundaries in 3D Instance Segmentation: An Open-World Approach with Improved Pseudo-Labeling and Realistic Scenarios
Visual Walkthrough for Vectorized BERTScore to Evaluate Text Generation
The AI gadgets are coming
The future as an image of the present: Creative limits of current AI algorithms
[P] Coding Stable Diffusion from scratch in PyTorch, with full explanation of the math behind .
[R] GAIA-1: A Generative World Model for Autonomous Driving
[R] What is the current SOTA for image to image translation?
Brain.js for Beginners
Do All the Roads Lead to Rome?
Five Things GenAI Can and Can't Do
Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce Promptbreeder: A Self-Referential and Self-Improving AI System that can Automatically Evolve .
Fair Classification with Adversarial Debiasing
Decomposing Language Models Into Understandable Components
[R] Why is AdamW often superior to Adam with L2-Regularization in practice? The answer may .
Prompt transformation makes ChatGPT OpenAI's covert moderator for DALL-E 3
Can we talk about how truly awful Tableau is to work with?
Preparing a React course in public - Raw HTML + CSS
Exploratory Data Analysis: Data Visualization
New AI algorithm transforms 2D photos into 3D maps
In-depth Understanding to Optimize the Performance of Artificial Neural Network
Are Microsoft and OpenAI making moves to enter the AI chip market?
How do data scientist managers manage data scientists?
How do you expect CV to grow in the coming years?
Get started with Amazon Bedrock for Image Generation - Part 1 Generative AI
Multimodal seems to be the next AI Hype
[D] How to fine-tune LLM for text generation with regression quality metric?
Visualising connection in R workshop
[Research] PixNav: Bridging Zero-Shot Object Navigation and Foundation Models through Pixel-Guided Navigation Skill - A .
RAG Pipeline Pitfalls: The Untold Challenges of Embedding Table
10 Cool CodePen Demos (September 2023)
Q&A with Dr. Lloyd Minor, dean of the Stanford University School of Medicine, on generative .
Researchers from ITU Denmark Introduce Neural Developmental Programs: Bridging the Gap Between Biological Growth and .
A Gentle Introduction To Large Language Models
There are many ways to design roundabouts. Can AI choose the best one?
[VISUAL] CSS Intro, Syntax & the CSS Cascade
Interpreting Random Forests
Ai rEvolution
Little useless-useful R functions   Function for faster reading with Bionic Reading
Introducing Pytimetk: Time Series Analysis in Python
Machine learning: could ChatGPT become just another tool for Australia's year 12   like Wikipedia?
Improving Document Comprehension Using LangChain and OpenAI
Basic Python Project Layout
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)and visualization Techniques
AI for genome decoding
This Indian Space Tech Startup is Building World's First Multisensor Satellite
SQLite with Python
China Plans Big AI and Computing Buildup in Boon for Local Firms
Stanford Researchers Propose MAPTree: A Bayesian Approach to Decision Tree Induction with Enhanced Robustness and .
To Charge or Not to Charge for Generative AI Features - Different Approaches Emerge
[R] Legged Robots performing Extreme Parkour using Deep Reinforcement Learning just from a Front Camera .
What data science tools have the best user experience?
Why aren't there more decision support algos for doctors for differential diagnosing?
Quoting How up-to-date is Claude's training data?
LLMs trained on voice, text, and video chats can now detect and mimic emotions like .
Malaria Classification with Vision Transformer and PyTorch
Google DeepMind Introduces Direct Reward Fine-Tuning (DRaFT): An Effective Artificial Intelligence Method for Fine-Tuning Diffusion .
Meet SynthIA (Synthetic Intelligent Agent) 7B-v1.3: A Mistral-7B-v0.1 Model Trained on Orca Style Datasets
How a Better Dataset Creates a New SOTA Model!
[R] Identifying the Risks of LM Agents with an LM-Emulated Sandbox - University of Toronto .
What advice would you give someone starting out on learning to collaborate on large projects .
Is it possible to automate the labeling of strings of text?
How to validate data?
DNSFilter named Web Filtering and Control Solution of the Year
Edgio wins  Overall Web Security Solution of The Year
Protect AI announced a set of open-source software tools
Ban Meta Ray-Ban?
AI and the landscapes of Capability Brown   in pictures
[EXCLUSIVE] PhysicsWallah to Introduce Generative AI Platform, Alakh AI
Generative AI Turns Level 5 Autonomy Real
Softbank boss Masayoshi Son predicts artificial general intelligence is a decade away
The free heroku alternative is live!
Poe API v2
What is currently the most in demand Analytics/DS by Healthcare institutions (hospitals, clinics, big pharma, .
Aware unveils Industry's Most Accurate Risk Assessment Calculator
Can We Truly Trust Artificial Intelligence AI Watermarking? This AI Paper Unmasks the Vulnerabilities in .
IBTA unveils XDR InfiniBand Specification
AMD FSR 3 delivers amazing graphics without breaking the bank
EU's Vera Jourova says China and EU need to explain basics when it comes to .
Tquila Automation recruits Ryan Northington in dual roles
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/8/2023
Unlocking GPT-4 Summarization with Chain of Density Prompting
TOP 10 insideBIGDATA Articles for September 2023
Here's where more than half of organizations are piloting generative AI
Meta is paying the celebrity faces behind its AI chatbots as much as $5 million .
UltimateSuite positioned as Leader in SPARK Matrix for Task Mining
Rail Software for Advanced Analytics: How Beneficial Can IoT Be for Transportation Processes?
Researchers from Northwestern University developed the First Artificial Intelligence (AI) System to Date that can .
Klustr
5 Must-Know General Purpose Robots
Lawsuit Alleges OpenAI Copied Books Without Permission for AI Training
Sony Scientists Find Computer Vision Models Biased on Race, Skin Color
Forthcoming machine learning and AI seminars: October 2023 edition
I'm a 16-year-old AI founder. People look down on me &ndash;&nbsp;literally and figuratively, but I've .
Nym expands outpatient solutions for RCM automation
5 Generative AI Plugins to Produce Better Content Faster
Examining the Business Implications of AI-Powered Next-Gen Testing Services
AnimeGenius
How knowledge graphs improve generative AI
Welcome to the AI gym staffed by virtual trainers
Empowering Web Development with FastAPI and HTMX
Top 10 Python Libraries for Data Analysis
Dorosi AI
Abstracts: October 9, 2023
The AI race, crypto doldrums, and the future of fake fish
Thought Propagation: Teaching LLMs to Solve Complex Reasoning Tasks with Analogies
The AI Chip Wars Rage On; The Rise of the AI Academic-Turned-Founder; Has No One .
Revamping Data Visualization: Mastering Time-Based Resampling in Pandas
From prototype to production: Vector databases in generative AI applications
The 5 primary generative AI applications (and how they work)
Building Serverless Python Apps with AWS Lambda and Docker
Jet-setting with Llama 2 + Grammars
DOP Deep: Blue Apron, HelloFresh and the economics of meal kits
Exploratory Data Analysis with Data Visualization Techniques
Getting Used to Docker for Machine Learning
'Aggro Dr1ft' Is Built on AI and Video Games Shouldn't the Movie Be More Fun?
LLMs can't self-correct in reasoning tasks, DeepMind study finds
This massive autonomous cargo plane could slash shipping costs
SBF's lawyers shouldn't be allowed to use his $500 million investment in AI firm Anthropic .
Open-sourced Version of GPT-4 Vision
The generative AI easy button: How to run a POC in your datacenter
Here, there, and everywhere
Cork acoustics, buoy: Using AI to protect Irish marine life
Disney's Loki faces backlash over reported use of generative AI
How BharatPe is Harnessing Generative AI for the Future of Finance
The Download: inside an AI gym, and how to make the internet safer
How to Build Your First AI Agent with LangChain and OpenAI GPT.
WEBINAR: Unraveling prompt engineering
AI and Open Source Software: Separated at Birth?
Goldman Sachs CIO is 'anxious to see results' from GenAI, but moving carefully | The .
Google Vertex AI Search updated with healthcare and life sciences capabilities
Investors and analysts: Intel, Nvidia, and others in Israel are set to fortify security and .
MongoDB Announced New Generative AI Features for Developers
Data shows there's been a lull in generative AI funding interest
How Israel is Using AI to Defuse Hamas Militants
Edinburgh to host next-generation supercomputer in AI safety push
The Morning After: ChatGPT creator OpenAI might start making its own AI chips
Google's Search Antitrust Case Is Also About the Future of AI
How to tabulate a JSON document in MySQL
How to fight for internet freedom
Enhancing Language Models with Analogical Prompting for Improved Reasoning
UK data watchdog warns Snap over My AI chatbot privacy issues
How to Empower Data Engineering Teams in the Generative AI Era
PySpark Tutorial for Beginners: 1-Hour Full Course
Most valuable data science project you've worked on for a company?
What is the best package /approach for matching text in python?
KeePass Memory Leakage Vulnerability Analysis - CVE-2023-32784
Open source is actually the cradle of artificial intelligence. Here's why
EqualAI Releases 11 Principles for Responsible AI Governance
In a New AI Paper, CMU and Google Researchers Redefine Language Model Outputs: How Delaying .
Don't ask Meta's new AI dating coach your kinky sex questions
13 Companies Leading the Way in AI Development
Multimodal AI Evolves as ChatGPT Gains Sight with GPT-4V(ision)
Lovo.ai Review: The Best AI Voice Generator in October 2023?
How to write a YAML configuration file? | A Step-by-Step Guide for Beginners
How we deprecated two successful projects and joined forces to create an even more successful .
How do AI chatbots like ChatGPT work? Here's a quick explainer.
6 Reasons Private LLMs Are Key for Enterprises
[R] Why do we need weight decay in modern deep learning?
Tired of shortages, OpenAI considers making its own AI chips
The Crucial Role of Digital Experimentation and A/B Testing in the AI Landscape
My dads company is  urgently hiring  Data Scientists - but they aren't actually hiring anyone .
7 High Paying Side Hustles for Data Scientists
Last Week in AI #240: Making LLMs interpretable, a generative video model for self-driving cars, .
Aidoc and Mayo Clinic Platform Provide AI Support for Patient Care
KNIME Releases a State of Data Science and Machine Learning Survey
Implementing AI: 3 Takeaways from AI in Practice Training
De-coded: Transformers explained in plain English
Jasper Health's CARE+ gets HIPAA Compliant GenAI Upgrade, AskJasper
Omega Healthcare launches Technology-Enabled Solutions
Microsoft to Unveil Custom AI Chips to Fight Nvidia's Monopoly
An Alleged Deepfake of UK Opposition Leader Keir Starmer Shows the Dangers of Fake Audio
Source: Microsoft's GitHub Copilot, the $10/month AI assistant with 1.5M+ users, loses an average of .
Why You (Almost) Can't Calculate Pi to a Billion Digits in Python at Home
LlamaIndex Integration + Model-Specific Usage Dashboards
AI Take-off Scenarios.
Your Dataset Has Missing Values? Do Nothing!
Visual Question Answering with Frozen Large Language Models
Should Walmart be data-mining your Ozempic prescriptions?
Amperity recognised as a leader in Snowflake's modern marketing data stack report
Your Own Personal LLaMa
8 ways to reduce ChatGPT hallucinations
Exploratory Data Analysis using Data Visualization Techniques.
LoveGPT automates catfishing in online dating with OpenAI language models
ChatGPT Vision
Modeling Games with Markov Chains
Delve into CSS Selectors
[D] - What is SOTA for Continual Learning on pretrained LLMs, particularly those that have .
Nanopore Sequencing Detects Dozens of Disease Biomarkers
[R] Thought Propagation: An analogical approach to complex reasoning with LLMs
You can build your own AI chatbot with this drag-and-drop tool
Feeling sad at my job
Sparta Science joins Palantir's FedStart
Appfigures: ChatGPT's iOS and Android apps hit $4.58M total revenue in September from the $20/month .
ChatGPT boss Sam Altman says he's had an 'internet troll streak'
ChatGPT's mobile app hit record $4.58M in revenue last month, but growth is slowing
QCon SF 2023: How Netflix Really Uses Java by Paul Bakker
How Generative AI Can Increase Developer Productivity Now
Testando testes no Python - Parte 2: fixtures parametrizadas
What are some red flags to look out for in a job interview for a .
Google Cloud expands Vertex AI Search with features to help health care workers pull info .
As drone traffic increases, researchers turn to AI to help avoid collisions
Weekly Top Picks #47
Open source isn't ready for generative AI. How stakeholders are changing this light bulb together
Top 25 Kafka interview questions
VS Code Update Improves Testing with GitHub Copilot AI
The 11 best early October Prime Day robot vacuum deals
SANPO: A Scene understanding, Accessibility, Navigation, Pathfinding, & Obstacle avoidance dataset
Data-Watching Startup Observe Raises $50M and Debuts Generative AI Toolkit
UC Berkeley and UCSF Researchers Revolutionize Neural Video Generation: Introducing LLM-Grounded Video Diffusion (LVD) for .
Mistral-7b on GCP
Criando Exceptions para impressionar no Teste Tcnico
Nvidia Cloud Ally Nears $300 Million Financing
Berners-Lee Startup Seeks Disruption of the Current Web 2.0 Big Data Paradigm
[R] Language Agent Tree Search Unifies Reasoning Acting and Planning in Language Models - University .
Building a Vector Search Microservice on NodeJS [Developer's Guide  ]
Mind-to-Speech: The New Frontier in Neuro Communication Through Perception From Non-Invasive Brain Signals
Deep Dive into Google Cloud SQL Connector for Node.js
Learn how to effectively use ChatGPT with this $30 guide
What are the different kinds of Image Stitching algorithms?
Gen AI a job threat? On the contrary, human workers have much to gain
AI and data: Honing hyper-personalization to build the bank of the future
Generate Image from Text Using Amazon Bedrock's Stable Diffusion XL Model via AWS CLI
How to work with product managers
Are you happy with your job?
[D] What is more valuable 10k CPUs or 1k GPU hours?
UK races to agree statement on AI risks with global leaders
Docker Unveils 'Docker AI': A Game-Changer for Developer Productivity with Context-Aware Automation
ElevenLabs is building a universal AI dubbing machine
TabbyML, an open source challenger to GitHub Copilot, raises $3.2 million
Tesla Builds a New Home for 'Dojo' Supercomputer as AI Ambitions Rise
This new AI dubbing tool can translate audio while preserving the speaker's voice
Photo Competition Slammed for 'World's First' AI Image Contest
FLaNK Stack Weekly 09 Oct 2023
Think Before you Speak
What is Embedding? Generating Embedding using Supabase
How Israel-Palestine War Makes AI More Humane
An actor who found an AI-generated version of her voice reproduced in a sexually suggestive .
Only 2 in 5 teens are using ChatGPT, survey finds
Revolutionizing Roadway Design: AI's Role in Automated Roundabout Generation
This AI Paper from NVIDIA Explores the Power of Retrieval-Augmentation vs. Long Context in Language .
AI for recruiters: iCIMS unveils a new generative copilot
The Download: oyster aquaculture, and trusting AI with our bodies
Indian Army Banks on Quantum Tech; However Challenges Remain
Exploring Infinite Iterators in Python's itertools
Modal Labs lands $16M to abstract away big data workload infrastructure
Your own private ChatGPT in hours? Azure Chat makes it possible!
A Doctored Biden Video Is a Test Case for Facebook's Deepfake Policies
Some academics in Saudi Arabia worry over Saudi-Chinese AI collaboration, which may jeopardize their access .
SuperOps.ai streamlines the work of managed service providers
Google's AI stoplight program is now calming traffic in a dozen cities worldwide
Google's AI Is Making Traffic Lights More Efficient and Less Annoying
Keeping a Level Head during AI Implementation
Edge 333: Understanding Parameter Efficient Fine Tuning
DeepScribe adds Customization Studio to Fully Automated AI Scribe
Assistr.ai
Can big tech grab a chunk of the billions earned by mobile operators?
Google's generative AI search: Lite version could drive down costs
Reinforcement Learning: Balancing Exploration and Exploitation
AI grocery shopping could lessen the burden of housework in Japan
How AI reduces the world to stereotypes
Amazon DataZone Generally Available: Share and Access Data across AWS Accounts
The future of augmented reality is AI
Are we ready to trust AI with our bodies?
AI Power Distribution Scenarios.
Navigating the Future of EdTech: Synchronous Learning and the Power of Generative Networks
NVIDIA Loves Lambda and CoreWeave
How can data science be used to  make the world a better place ?
Interview with Marek uppa: insights into RoboCupJunior
Lightbeam's Soy Chen named on List of Top Innovators for 2023
AI is overhyped, Warren Buffett's right-hand man Charlie Munger says
Generative AI needs tools to avoid copyright infringement, Databricks' Naveen Rao says &mdash; or more .
The AI 100 2023: The top people in artificial intelligence
eBay's first chief AI officer is building AI tools to change how people shop online, .
The world's first real AI rules are coming soon. Here's what they will look like.
Wizeline expands partnership with Google Cloud
Top AI Communities in India
Top 5 AI Communities in India
Data Analysis of the Titanic with Python!
Run ClickHouse with Docker and Connect Using MySQL Client
Sparkling Logic launching Generative AI-Powered Tool
Mendel launches Hypercube
How Can We Efficiently Deploy Large Language Models in Streaming Applications? This AI Paper Introduces .
Reducing the blast radius of meetings with AI
Creating a WhatsApp Bot with Python: a step-by-step guide for developer
Edge Impulse Debuts Smallest, Most Precise HRV Algorithm
[R] looking for in-depth tutorials and papers on NN pruning
[R] ScaLearn: Simple and Highly Parameter-Efficient Task Transfer by Learning to Scale
56% of professionals are unsure if their companies have ethical guidelines for AI use
Tough spot
Is this a viable approach for a small plant manufacturing engineer?
An Israeli man describes the moment he held his shelter door closed with his hands .
Walmart Expands Generative AI Shopping Features
Meet the Air-Guardian: An Artificial Intelligence System Developed by MIT Researchers to Track Where a .
Europe's first exascale-class supercomputer will use ARM processors with Nvidia GPU nodes
Marvel's Loki Season 2 Poster Likely Incorporated AI-Generated Stock Photo
UPS Combats Theft With Machine Learning, Expands Automation Tech
Adobe created a symbol to encourage tagging AI-generated content
Lets build a Github document search tool using React + Supabase + LLAMA2
Hitachi Vantara Announces New Hybrid Cloud Approach to Data Storage
Advantages of AI Conferences for Emerging Startups
Wolters Kluwer Health announces its Health Language Platform
TikTok now supports direct posting from AI-powered Adobe apps, CapCut, Twitch and more
Godfather of AI: 'I can't see a path that guarantees safety'
LWiAI Podcast #139 - Multimodal ChatGPT, Meta chatbots, AMD GPUs, bipartisan AI bill, WGA deal
The Power of a Semantic Layer: A Data Engineer's Guide
The 28 best October Prime Day robot vacuum deals
This AI Paper introduces FELM: Benchmarking Factuality Evaluation of Large Language Models
Future of AI and the Workforce: Reshaping Careers and Democratizing Creativity
Cedars-Sinai expands Virtual Healthcare for California Patients
Microsoft Lobotomizes Bing's Image Generating AI
Oligo Sounds an Alarm: Critical Security Flaw in TorchServe Could Let Hackers Hijack Servers and .
[P] Optimistix, nonlinear optimisation in JAX+Equinox!
Microsoft rolls out new tools for healthcare organizations, including three new AI models in preview .
AI: we may not need a new human right to protect us from decisions by .
This AI newsletter is all you need #68
Apple's second-gen AirPods Pro have fallen to their best price ever
Midjourney vs Stable Diffusion: The Battle of AI Image Generators
SnapEDA becomes SnapMagic and debuts an AI copilot to help automate circuit board design
Augmenting LLMs with RAG
'Instant Evolution': AI Creates a Squishy Purple Blob That Uses Air to Walk
Presentation: Fabricator: End-to-End Declarative Feature Engineering Platform
Launching Towards AI's Free  Train & Fine-Tune LLMs for Production  Course
AI and Fundraising: Does Fundraising Need a Human Element?
Credera achieves AWS Migration Competency
So far, AI hasn't been profitable for Big Tech
Big AI needs to overcome the high scaling costs of generative AI
Microsoft Revamps HDInsight, Its Stalwart Big Data Service
PC shipments remain in decline, but generative AI could reverse the trend: IDC
TileDB closes $34M Series B
Adobe is upgrading Photoshop's generative AI model   and releasing more for Illustrator and Express
What's the 'sweet spot' in progress of my Master's to change jobs?
The best Apple deals available for Amazon's October Prime Day event
AI in education: MagicSchool brings 50+ AI tools to modern educators
Harnessing LLM Alignment: Making AI More Accessible
Adobe Firefly can now generate more realistic images
Adobe Firefly's generative AI models can now create vector graphics in Illustrator
Customer Segmentation in Python: A Practical Approach
Adobe's next-gen Firefly 2 offers vector graphics, more control and photorealistic renders
Adobe unveils three new generative AI models, including the next generation of Firefly
Adobe's Project Stardust is a sneak preview of its next-gen AI photo editing engine
Adobe brings more generative AI features to Express
Adobe's Newest AI Is Like Magic Eraser on Steroids
Adobe Releases New AI Models Aimed at Improved Graphic Design
Llama 2 Foundation Models Available in Databricks Lakehouse AI
The chipmaker powering the AI revolution has canceled a 2,500 person conference in Tel Aviv .
From Standstill to Momentum: MLP as Your First Gear in tidymodels
Bridging Domains: Infusing Financial, Privacy, and Software Best Practices into ML Risk Management
21 AI Productivity Tools to Improve Your Workflow
Don't Forget Confidence Intervals for Your ML Product
How to build a content recommendation feature using Flutter, Open AI, and Supabase
[R] Is there an enstablished method to test if something has been memorized / seen .
[D] Extracting Multi-modal embeddings (Image + text) to be used for visual similarity purposes
The best robot vacuum and mop I've ever tested is $300 off for October Prime .
AMD plans to acquire Santa Clara-based Nod.ai, which specializes in deploying open-source AI software and .
Novel optimization tool allows for better video motion estimation
How Smaller LLMs Could Slash Costs of Generative AI
Alan Wake II is Nvidia's next RTX 40 series bundle, available now until November 13
Breakthrough method for robust and effective edge detection
Google's Pichai Decried Bad 'Optics' of Search Engine Deal With Apple
A New Machine Learning Research from MIT Shows How Large Language Models (LLMs) Comprehend and .
Evisort creates First LLM for Contracts, Launches New AI Engine
Event: AI and Data Science Virtual Summit
Docker Launches GenAI Stack and AI Assistant at DockerCon
Technology is changing the lives of female lawyers, in ways that are bad as well .
Immuta Expands Hooks Into Starburst for Better Data Mesh Governance
Ontario securities regulator exploring artificial intelligence use in capital markets
Asus is prepping a GeForce RTX 4060 Ti with a built-in SSD slot
When Cloud Meets Intelligence: Inference AI as a Service
Why are OpenAI, Microsoft and others looking to make their own chips?
Can anyone provide an easy to understand real world example of tensors, and how they .
How quickly should you be expected to start producing?
IBM CEO: Washington should hold tech firms accountable for AI
TranslateVideo 2.0
FindDomain.AI
Microsoft reportedly runs GitHub's AI Copilot at a loss
Researchers from the University of Manchester Introduce MentalLLaMA: The First Open-Source LLM Series for Readable .
Class Imbalance: Exploring Undersampling Techniques
Class Imbalance and Oversampling: A Formal Introduction
So Far, AI Is a Money Pit That Isn't Paying Off
The $180 Intel Arc A580 is Team Blue's new budget GPU
US v. Google: in 2007, Sundar Pichai raised concerns over the bad  optics  of Google's .
How do you define the main sections of a web page using HTML?
Israel bombards Gaza with 200 airstrikes in one night
Adobe's AI image generators get beefy updates, including vector graphics
Adobe Unveils Special Symbol to Mark AI-Generated Content
Fine-tuning ChatGPT: Surpassing GPT-4 summarization performance while reducing costs by 63% and increasing generation speed .
Fine-tuning ChatGPT: Surpassing GPT-4 Summarization Performance A 63% Cost Reduction and 11x Speed Enhancement using Synthetic .
Sucking at my job?
10 Best AI Song Cover Generators
The 32 best October Prime Day robot vacuum deals
EY Taps IBM to Bring Generative AI to HR
Federal Judge Overturns $32M Verdict Against Google in Sonos Patent Case
You ever get a bye day?
How do AI-driven demand forecasting models handle market volatility and unexpected events, such as economic .
Efficiency Meets Quality: Google & JHU Pioneers Conditional Diffusion Distillation in Just 1-4 Sampling Steps
AI Meets Art At Cypher 2023
A Better Guide To Forms in React
A draft of ASEAN's  guide to AI ethics and governance  shows the bloc is taking .
Meet Mistral-7B-v0.1: A New Large Language Model on the Block
Seeking Collaborators for an Exquisite Fusion of AI, Animation, and Voice Synthesis
I finally have enough ai tools and here is my complete list
Help with Gige poE camera pinout
Researchers from Stanford University Propose MLAgentBench: A Suite of Machine Learning Tasks for Benchmarking AI .
Mana.bio unveiled AI-based LNP delivery platform
Dublin's Ubotica establishes new US HQ on NASA campus
Is the future General Purpose or Humanoid Robots?
Go ahead, let the unknowable security risks of Windows Copilot onto your PC fleet
Virgin Pulse announced a long-term strategic initiative with AWS
Adobe developed a new symbol, called  an icon of transparency , as part of the C2PA, .
Most people the support need for trustworthy and regulated AI
Google announces enhanced search results for EVs, home heating, and cooling systems, and expands AI .
AI revolutionizing MRI scans   A Munich startup banked $32M to scan eggs, and says .
GPT-4 can solve math problems   but not in all languages
The Rise of Digital Minds
UCSD and ByteDance Researchers Present ActorsNeRF: A Novel Animatable Human Actor NeRF Model that Generalizes .
Observe Raises $50M and its Olly GPT is a Generative AI Assistant for Infrastructure Monitoring
Often Misunderstood: Generative AI's Value Proposition
IoT and AI for Sustainable Development Goals
How Google's Project Green Light is using AI to analyze Maps data to suggest how .
AI GIFs
Support Vector Machine with Scikit-Learn: A Friendly Introduction
Neural Basis Models for Interpretability
Google Researchers Introduce An Open-Source Library in JAX for Deep Learning on Spherical Surfaces
How AstraZeneca is Using AI Models for Drug Development
Mastering Python: The Art of *args and **kwargs
[P] LoopQuest, A Github-like platform to host simulation environments for AI training
Meet the founder making millions exploiting tech's legal loopholes
Data Science for Sales
AI industry could be in for a 'cold shower' next year: analyst
Meta watchdog sticks a probe into Facebook rules after fake Biden vid allowed to stay
5-Word ChatGPT Prompt Prefix  That Yields Desired Response On The First Try
A Simple ChatGPT Prompt to Clearly Convey Your Message to Anyone, Anytime.
Inside LinkedIn's Embedding Architecture Powering its Job Search Capabilities
[D] Why async gradient update doesn't get popular in LLM community?
Inke
Soapbox Labs Founder and Ireland's AI Ambassador Patricia Scanlon   Voicebot Podcast Ep 351
Pal
AI won't replace creative jobs just as the invention of the camera didn't make paintings .
Unraveling Gene Regulation with Deep Learning: A New AI Approach to Understanding Alternative Splicing
An advanced humanoid robot says it can simulate dreams to help it learn about the .
Munich-based Orbem, which uses an MRI scanner and AI to determine the sex of an .
Cold shower  predicted for overhyped generative AI sector
Proteus Space raises seed funding for AI-assisted smallsat development
#IJCAI2023 distinguished paper   Safe reinforcement learning via probabilistic logic shields
Like Taylor Swift, millions of us dream of packing in the day job. But where .
Klarna launches a suite of new features, including an AI-powered image-search tool
The insideBIGDATA IMPACT 50 List for Q4 2023
Elon Musk to spend well over $1 billion on Tesla AI supercomputer
Why it matters if ChatGPT wrote an apology for  The Lord of the Rings: Gollum  .
F5 Warns Australian IT of Social Engineering Risk Escalation Due to Generative AI
Cypher2023: Driving Enterprise Value From Gen AI
ConnectWise earns SMB All-Star Award
Tarori
Broadridge and Iress UK unveil new OMS solution
Even Google Insiders Are Questioning Bard AI Chatbot's Usefulness
OpenAI's 'unreasonable claims' exhaust AI-ethics researchers
An interview with Dropbox CEO Drew Houston on new AI features, the challenge of not .
Ashling Partners wins Global UiPath 2023 Partner of the Year Award
A 'godfather of AI' says he's worried about AI eventually manipulating humans
ElevenLabs' AI dubbing breaks down language barriers with voice-preserving translations
If You Only Have 3 Minutes   ChatGPT Dense Summary Prompt is For You
Mastering Deep Learning: The Art of Approximating Non-Linearities with Piecewise Estimations Part-1
The Future of Medical Research: HPC, AI & HBM
Adobe made an animated dress (and a bunch of wild AI editing tools)
OpenText AI enables Smarter Organizations
Schneider Electric's CDO on the Merits of an AI Hub-and-Spoke Structure
Generative AI for Sustainable Banking   Reducing Carbon Footprints and Promoting Eco-Friendly.
Research Focus: Week of October 9, 2023
How to Practice Data-Centric AI and Have AI Improve its Own Dataset
A Complete Exploratory Data Analysis in Python
Splice Create uses AI to find samples that work with any loop that catches your .
How Hawthorne used data-backed personalization to innovate men's personal care
Why AMD's acquisition of Nod.ai could be a sign of things to come for Nvidia
Research finds global governance shift in perception of AI, but says more debate is crucial
US Space Force Pauses Generative AI Use Based on Security Concerns
Generative AI Is Headed for a Financial  Cold Shower  Next Year, Analyst Predicts
CXOs' Guide to SDLC: Processes, Models, and Best Practices
The Role of Vector Databases in Modern Generative AI Applications
New A.I. Tool Diagnoses Brain Tumors on the Operating Table
SecureAuth wins  Access Management Solution of the Year
Yale U & Google's HyperAttention: Long-Context Attention with the Best Possible Near-Linear Time Guarantee
Unlocking Knowledge Management 3.0, a New Era of Insights with Generative AI
Klarna Adds AI-Driven Photo Feature to Drive You Further Into Debt
AMD acquires Nod.ai to bolsters its AI software ecosystem
Microsoft's new AI Copilot arrives in OneNote in November
Adobe introduces the next generation of Firefly image models
Semiconductor Industry Veteran Jim Anderson joins Lumotive's Board
Morphogenesis of self-assembling microelectronic modules could yield sustainable living technology
Google's AI could soon consume as much electricity as Ireland, study finds
Self-healing phone screens could be here by 2028
AI Researchers from Bytedance and the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology Present a .
Announcing SteerLM: A Simple and Practical Technique to Customize LLMs During Inference
Python on the Web
The 35 best October Prime Day robot vacuum deals
What is a Time Series Unit Root?
State of Ethics and Trust in Technology: Deloitte
Neura Robotic takes AI cognative robots Stateside following InterAlpen funding
Microsoft faces the financial realities of GitHub Copilot
Wondering how sustainable your buildings are? Make your data speak
How Data Science Can Deliver Value
Why Medium is opting out of AI
Embedchain In Action.
Why AMD's Upcoming Chips Won't Be the Savior AI Startups Are Hoping For
RAG vs Finetuning: Which Is the Best Tool to Boost Your LLM Application?
[R] Mistral 7B
[R] Tsinghua University: Inverting Transformers Significantly Improves Time Series Forecasting
On the unpredictable nature of LLM output and type safety in LangChain TS
Adobe details Project Res-Up, an experimental AI upscaling tool to improve the quality of low-res .
AMD focuses on AI chips in new acquisition bid
AI industry set to use as much energy as countries like Sweden or the Netherlands, .
How to Enable Windows Copilot in Windows 11 23H2
Box unveils new AI-powered content portal Box Hubs
Just as cameras didn't end painting, generative AI won't kill graphic design, says Adobe exec
BOE Warns AI Poses Financial Stability Risk Ahead of UK Summit
Study: if AI growth continues at its current rate, by 2027 the industry could consume .
Google Assistant with Bard may first come to Pixel 8, Galaxy S24
Meet Mistral Trismegistus 7B: An Instruction Dataset on the Esoteric, Spiritual, Occult, Wisdom Traditions.
[D] How important is having a great team when ML solutions are slow to be .
Cypher 2023: The Future of Simulation and Design is AI
Cypher2023: Humans + AI: The Perfect Mix to Remove Digital Friction
Charlie Munger trashed crypto, warned AI hype seems overblown, and talked poker and donuts at .
Video editing startup Captions launches a dubbing app with support for 28 languages
How important is being appreciated and team fit as a factor to stay in a .
How to manage expectations?
Dropbox announces an open beta for its AI-powered Dash universal search tool, a new web .
Duolingo opens waitlist for its new, free music course. Here's how to sign up
AI Morality Scenarios.
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/10/2023
Adobe previews AI upscaling to make old, fuzzy videos and GIFs look fresh
Caroline Ellison believed Sam Bankman-Fried directed $100 million bribe to Chinese officials
Dropbox unveils video app, updates AI tools and web interface for new era of work
Google Pixel 8 and 8 Pro review: useful, if troubling, AI photo editing tools, 8 .
AI could help traditional PC markets recover
Smartphone Photos Are Getting Faker. Uh-Oh?
OpenText Unveils its First Set of OpenText Aviator Capabilities
AI processing could consume 'as much electricity as Ireland'
AI's Electricity Use Is Spiking So Fast It'll Soon Use as Much Power as an .
Firefox is getting an AI-powered fake review detector for your shopping needs
DeepMind's 2022 financials reveal 39% cut in staff costs, 40% profit decrease
Microsoft's GitHub Copilot Loses $20 a Month Per User
Anonos named in Gartner 2023 Hype Cycle  Report for Generative AI
The best gaming monitors in 2023
Researchers create dataset to address object recognition problem in machine learning
Yepic fail: This startup promised not to make deepfakes without consent, but did anyway
Unleashing the Power of the Julia SuperType
Anysphere raises $8M from OpenAI to build an AI-powered IDE
Understanding Intersection Over Union for Object Detection (Code)
It's Time We Move On From Chatbots
Elastic appoints Abhishek Singh as General Manager for Observability
Adobe Rolls Out Firefly 2, Embeds AI Across its Apps
Adobe Creates New Symbol That Flags Content as AI-Generated
How On Earth Can We Evaluate the Generated Images By GANs?
How to Make Your Own ODSC West Schedule
ArangoGraphML: Simplifying the Power of Graph Machine Learning
CodaMetrix Tops 2023 KLAS Emerging Solutions Report
AMD's Strategic Play: Acquisition of Nod.ai to Challenge Nvidia's Dominance
Three Ways of Defining Colors in CSS
Godfather of AI Admits He Fears His Creation Could  Take Over From Humanity
Adobe Debuts New Firefly Generative AI Models and Features
large language model
Best ChatGPT Plugins: Ultimate List for 2023
Secure Your Seat for Canada's #1 Data AI Conference
Go Beyond The Hype: What B2B CMOs Should Do About genAI Now
RIAA wants AI voice cloning sites on government piracy watchlist
Schneider Electric CDO: Merits of an AI Hub-and-Spoke Structure
Google and Microsoft Chatbots Falsely Claim There's a Ceasefire in Israel
Adobe launches new symbol to tag AI-generated content but will anyone use it?
Character.AI introduces group chats where people and multiple AIs can talk to each other
Researchers plot a course for building a 'digital twin' of the brain
AI on Track to Gobble Up as Much Energy as a Country, Study Finds
KDnuggets News, October 11: 3 Data Science Projects to Land That Job   7 Steps .
Fairness in Machine Learning (Part 1)
AI bias poses danger to the financial sector, Bank of England warns
How do you store your ad hoc experiments?
Inverting Transformers Significantly Improves Time Series Forecasting
What are grid search alternatives?
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 2/10 to 8/10
Attention Sinks and Where to Cache Them: A Visual Walkthrough for the Streaming LLM Implementation
Build Your Own Epik-inspired App: Transform Selfies into '90s Yearbook Photos with Node.js and AI
'France is a bit overhyped'   Nathan Benaich on the state of AI in 2023
[D] How do byte-level language models work?
R Conference 2023: Malaysia's Largest Face-to-Face Annual R Conference
Cypher 2023: Genpact Sets the Stage on Fire with Long Term Vision for Generative AI .
Researchers from Google and John Hopkins University Reveal a Faster and More Efficient Distillation Method .
Bain & Company and UiPath reveal results of a new survey
These are the most popular CEOs, as voted on by employees &mdash; and the least
Workato launches New Generative AI and Business Operations Course
AI safety guardrails easily thwarted, security study finds
Cypher2023: Future-Proofing Careers in the Age of Automation
The Convergence of AI and the Metaverse: A Futurist's Perspective
DrLambda Pro
Cypher2023: Elevating Aircraft Production Through Strategic Planning
'Make a decision, even if it turns out to be the wrong one'
What people ask me most. Also, some answers.
Sources: the US Department of Commerce is considering new export controls for general-purpose AI programs, .
Researchers at Stanford Propose DDBMs: A Simple and Scalable Extension to Diffusion Models Suitable for .
Modeling variable seasonal features with the Fourier transform
AI Tattoo Generator AI Tattoos
Big Book of R now has a Spanish section
Will Adobe Content Credentials or Text-to-Vector Graphics Be More Impactful?
Cypher 2023: Key Highlights (Day 1)
U.S. VC funding hit lowest level in 6 years in Q3 | A story told .
UK's Labour has a plan for British startups   but its AI policy is up .
Keywords AI
Adobe Firefly 2
a16z-backed Character.AI launches Character Group Chat, which allows paying subscribers to create group chats with .
Comment convertir entre Excel et CSV avec Python
This AI Research Proposes Kosmos-G: An Artificial Intelligence Model that Performs High-Fidelity Zero-Shot Image Generation .
Humility is a framework for better AI solutions, says UiPath founder Daniel Dines
[D] Startup team demonstrates differentiable Swift compiler outrunning TensorFlow by 322X
This AI Research Unveils 'Kandinsky1': A New Approach in Latent Diffusion Text-to-Image Generation with Outstanding .
AI Startup Lays Off Workers Again in Fresh Sign of Sector Belt-Tightening
Sources: OpenAI plans to introduce major updates for developers on November 6, including memory storage .
[D] Stunning academic dishonesty -- gained 1000 citation for adding 5 lines of code?? Fraudulent??
[D] How is test-driven development implemented in the context of machine learning?
Alation debuts AI copilot and analytics cloud to help enterprises wrangle data
Cleanlab, which sells data labelling tools for more accurate AI training data, raised a $25M .
Google's Pixel 8 and 8 Pro debut to positive reviews
LangChain 101: Part 2d. Fine-tuning LLMs with Human Feedback
Sloan's Inbox: How to stand out as a beginner dev?
Adobe unveils Firefly 2 and previews more AI features: what you need to know
UiPath and SAP partner to deliver automation, acceleration and agility
Google debuts new sustainability tools for consumers and municipalities
Where to spend 5k budget for professional development in Data Science
SiFive unveils two new high-performance RISC-V processors
DALL E 3 is blocking copyrighted material. Also DALL E 3:
GitHub Profile Native Web Components
The AI research job market shit show
Neural Networks From Scratch in Rust
How An AI Understands Scenes: Panoptic Scene Graph Generation.
Why DALLE3 Represents The New Dawn of AI Images
Any value to an unrelated advanced degree to get into DS?
Cypher2023: How Earth Observation Datasets Can Benefit Enterprises?
Nvidia's Jensen Huang tops  most popular CEOs  survey, check out the best and worst approval .
The Morning After: Our verdict on Google's Pixel 8 Pro
Inside Microsoft's Four New AI Compilers for Accelerating Foundation Models
E-Commerce Chatbots 101: How ChatGPT Training Enhances Customer Interactions
Meta's Clegg Says Working to Prevent 'Inappropriate' Replies From New AI Chatbots
Lisburn's Cirdan to create up to 25 new jobs following funding boost
Current advanced LLMs from OpenAI and others have many flaws but they will, decades from .
AI energy demands could soon match the entire electricity consumption of Ireland
If you were starting over again, How would you go about getting a Data Science .
Hands-on with Best Take for Pixel 8, which uses AI to replace people's faces, a .
Confluent: Exploiting Data Currency with Streaming Data Processing
High living standards and top talent: Why AI founders should consider Austria
Heard on the Street   10/12/2023
How AI could supercharge battery research
Q&A: How Discover Financial Services created an AI governance council
London AI startup TitanML bags $2.8M launching AI-Powered LLM tool Titan Takeoff
'A.I. Obama' and Fake Newscasters: How A.I. Audio Is Swarming TikTok
Google VP teases Gemini's multimodal future: 'I've seen some pretty amazing things.'
App, Lover, Muse: When your AI says she loves you
Elon Musk's worst nightmare
What is LangSmith? Tracing and debugging for LLMs
OpenAI aims to offer more attractive terms to AI developers
Formant announced the completion of a $21 million funding round
Avanade launches New Cloud Insights Platform
[D] Databricks Dolly 15k - Creating Synthetic Variants
Any ideas how this was created?
How to Scrape Dynamic Web Pages in Python
Shadow launches Windows-based cloud PCs for $9.99 per month
Julia leads Rust, Zig, Go and Java in data processing benchmark
Fujitsu's CTO Says Talent Shortage is AI's Biggest Challenge
Bing DALL-E 3 Users Left Frustrated Because of 'Microsoft's Censorship'
Zapata AI welcomes Dalbir Singh as Chief People Officer
Researching more data efficient machine learning models
Briefing: Freemium fallacies, Shopify AR, Space OS
From Concept to Reality: My process of building Cardboard
A third of Generative AI users worry about biases and errors
AI chatbots are getting their wires crossed on the Israel-Hamas war
The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly of pd.read_html
CEO David Baszucki's mission to make Roblox a billion-player platform
Best Practices for Building ETLs for ML
Wallaroo.AI launches new ML Production Best Practices Workshops
The best October Prime Day robot vacuum deals still available
I've seen the worst horrors of Ukraine, Bosnia, and ISIS. I never thought I'd see .
New technique makes AI hallucinations wake up and face reality
Easy Form Validation | React | 1
Clarivate report finds Significant Adoption of AI in IP
A New AI Study Unravels the Secrets of Lithium-Ion Batteries through Computer Vision
Dropbox rolls out redesigned web interface, releases new video app and AI tools
The Ins and Outs of Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
Meta Adds Cool, New Features to Python 3.12
Meta shows how to reduce hallucinations in ChatGPT & Co with prompt engineering
Upfront's Kobie Fuller is reimagining the blog post with the interactivity of generative AI
SoundHound Turns Car Manuals into Voice Assistants With Generative AI
Deasie wants to rank and filter data to make generative AI more reliable
Algorithms are hiring and firing us now   but tougher EU laws could protect workers .
To create living AI, replace neural networks with neural matrices
Adobe brings Firefly to Video
How ballsy do you have to be to take on the role of Senior Data .
Cypher 2023: Scaling Data Science in the Energy Sector
AI Designs Little Robots in 30 Seconds and They Keep Sprouting Legs
How Blitz and Databricks are Powering a New Era of Competitive Gaming
[D] [P] UI-based AI agents: UI-Act
Lakera launches to protect large language models from malicious prompts
Locus Robotics appoints New Executives to support Global Growth
Researchers from Microsoft and ETH Zurich Introduce HoloAssist: A Multimodal Dataset for Next-Gen AI Copilots .
Expand North Star 2023 to feature 1800+ start-ups at Dubai event
The Download: the problem of plastic, and how AI could boost batteries
Didi's autonomous vehicle arm raises $149M from state investors
Diverse Bar Chart Analysis with GPT-4's Advanced Data Analysis Tool
How to Use LLMs for Dynamic Documentation
Why SQL is THE Language to Learn for Data Science
SailPoint accelerates Innovation with SailPoint Atlas
Tsinghua University: Inverting Transformers Significantly Improves Time Series Forecasting
Adobe: 'Some Amount of Photography Will Move to Virtual Photography'
Researchers use AI to read word on ancient scroll burned by Vesuvius
OpenAI Reportedly Plans to Unveil Cheaper, Vision-Capable Developer Tools in November
Networking for Data Centers and the Era of AI
Israeli biotech startup mana.bio launches AI-fueled programmable drug therapy
Adobe is working on generative AI video manipulation
Integrating AI tools into your workflow
Design Patterns with Python for Machine Learning Engineers: Builder
Google's Search Generative Experience adds the ability to generate images using prompts and to write .
Unveiling Chaos LakeDB: First Lake Database for Live Search, SQL, and Gen AI Analytics
Inside the Canvas: Exploring the Top 5 Questions About AI Art
Deasie raises $2.9M for data governance platform expansion
From Specialists to General-Purpose Assistants: A Deep Dive into the Evolution of Multimodal Foundation Models .
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 2/10 to 8/10
Fine-tuning LLMs on Slack Messages
Gen AI in Azure Machine Learning, LLMOps vs MLOps, and How to Practice Data-Centric AI
Google's AI-powered search experience can now generate images, write drafts
Are Kaggle Competitions Useful for Real World Problems?
You can now generate AI images directly in the Google Search bar
Google's AI-powered search experience can now generate images
Microsoft at VL/HCC 2023: Focus on co-audit tools for spreadsheets
An Introduction to Loading Large Language Models
Amr Nour-Eldin, Vice President of Technology at LXT   Interview Series
Retrieval Augmented Generation   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explain
Female entrepreneurs need better support | Letter
Aragon AI Review: The Ultimate AI Headshot Generator in 2023?
Finding Order in Chaos with Polynomial Chaos Expansion, using uncertainpy and chaospy
New Data Show OpenAI's Viral Growth Among Startups. Can It Last?
GE HealthCare signs $44 Million Contract with BARDA
Kendall Jenner becomes  Billie : Meta's AI celebrities face more resistance than enthusiasm
Sources: Sam Altman told staff that OpenAI is generating $1.3B in revenue per year, implying .
Mastering data integration from SAP Systems with prompt engineering
Microsoft's DeepSpeed-VisualChat: Breaking Boundaries in Multi-Modal Language Models
Apple Vision Pro anticipation leaves VR industry gasping
How Adobe is leveraging generative AI in customer experience upgrades
An inside look at Alation's new ALLIE AI and Analytics Cloud, driving data forward
New AI-driven tool streamlines experiments
A Bayesian Way of Choosing a Restaurant
OpenAI's Revenue Crossed $1.3 Billion Annualized Rate, CEO Tells Staff
Nanoelectronic device performs real-time AI classification without relying on the cloud
The Chatbots Are Now Talking to Each Other
Microsoft Inks First Renewable Energy Purchase Deal in Japan
Manta SaaS brings Powerful Data Visibility & Mapping to The Cloud
Implementing AI into software engineering? Here's everything you need to know
Conveyor raises $12.5M to automate security reviews using LLMs
New York wants to be AI's world capital, in rivalry with San Francisco and Silicon .
TileDB Wants to Flip the Script on Multi-Modal Databases
A New Tool Helps Artists Thwart AI With a Middle Finger
Facebook Is Paying Celebrities Millions to Turn Them Into Chatbots
Google says it will defend users of generative AI services in Workspace and Cloud from .
Restaurants owners are using AI to make new menu items, like the 'Chat GPTaco' from .
Worried AI will take your job? The history of Microsoft Excel should give you hope
Dumbing down or wising up: how will generative AI change the way we think?
EA's surreal mobile mashup blends soccer with turn-by-turn strategy
Cruise opens robotaxi service in Houston
AI Helps Neuroscientists Understand Depression Better
EU to Elon Musk: Deal with Hamas' Fake News on X   or Else
IBM Announces AI-Powered Threat Detection and Response Services to Revolutionize Cybersecurity
New algorithms for intelligent and efficient robot navigation among the crowd
Activation Functions & Non-Linearity: Neural Networks 101
All the news on Google's Pixel 8 lineup
Announcing the AssemblyAI Node SDK 2.0
3 Game-Changing Techniques to Harness Unlabelled Data in Machine Learning
pgEdge Announces GA, Vector Search with pgvector Extension
Flash-Decoding for long-context inference
Why kNN doesn't scale...
Why Your RAG is Not Reliable in a Production Environment
Artificial Intelligence Is Seeping Into All of Your Gadgets
Meet the New DevSecOps
Can a Llama 2-Powered Chatbot Be Trained on a CPU?
Introducing LangServe, the best way to deploy your LangChains
This AI Research Proposes SMPLer-X: A Generalist Foundation Model for 3D/4D Human Motion Capture from .
Filing: Sam Altman is the largest investor in Humane, which plans to unveil its AI .
Ransomware victims continue to pay up, while also bracing for AI-enhanced attacks
Lightning 2.1: Train Bigger, Better, Faster
Character AI Unveils Generative AI Group Chat
Accelerate Your Machine Learning Journey with Uplimit's Metaflow Mastery Course
Workshop: Model Parallelism: Building and Deploying Large Neural Networks
Adobe Is Focused on AI Rather Than Figma With Acquisition in Limbo
Google Now Lets You Generate AI Images Directly From the Search Bar
Complex Document Recognition: OCR Doesn't Work and Here's How You Fix It
Energy-efficient transistor could allow smartwatches to use AI
Sony unveils $10M Sony Innovation Fund for Africa
20 Exciting Python Project Ideas
[D] senior AI and ML opportunities
[P] Learn how to make trustworthy and transparent machine learning models in Tsetlin Machine Book .
How much of an effect does this job market have on people who were Data .
Anyone ever thought about training a video generating model, but backwards?
How AI will affect traditional and open source software industry?
NZ police are using AI to catch criminals   but the law urgently needs to .
Google offers some copyright indemnity to users of its generative AI services
Google Pixel 8's AI Features Start Conversation on Perfection
See inside a first-of-its-kind smart gym, staffed by AI personal trainers
This Week's Most Read: AI Training Program, Lowering Generative AI Costs
Google promises to take the legal heat in users' AI copyright lawsuits
Survey: The Most Disliked (and Liked) CEOs in Tech
Video Game Cyberpunk 2077 Uses AI To Replace Deceased Voice Actor
[R] Researchers Identify Emergent Linear Structures in How LLMs Represent Truth
RTX 4090 has a meltdown after proper installation and only one year of use
Alation Turns to GenAI to Automate Data Governance Tasks
No Fakes Act wants to protect actors and singers from unauthorized AI replicas
What's Next in Building Better Generative AI Applications?
10 Powerful ChatGPT Hacks for SEO
Developing industrial use cases for physical simulation on future error-corrected quantum computers
80% of enterprises will have incorporated AI by 2026, according to a Gartner report
Researchers Discover Emergent Linear Structures in How LLMs Represent Truth
How AMD Could Catch Up With Nvidia in the AI Chip Race
If You Are A Data Scientist, You Need To Know About Ethical AI Guidelines
Lower Decks' AI Antics Offer a Mathematically Imperfect Redemption
AI researchers expose critical vulnerabilities within major large language models
Why we need to focus AI on relationships
[R] SWE-bench: Can Language Models Resolve Real-world GitHub issues?
Ezsales AI
Explainable AI Scepticism
What is a personal side project that you have worked on that has increased your .
Screentime Latest: Writer-Actor Rae Likens AI Debate to Sci-Fi
How We Implemented ChatGPT in Tech Support in 7 Minutes Without Code
When your clients won't provide insight or feedback on why there are 4 different rows .
Meta AI Researchers Introduce a Machine Learning Model that Explores Decoding Speech Perception from Non-Invasive .
Finetuning LLMs with LoRA and QLoRA: Insights from Hundreds of Experiments
Sources: the Biden administration is considering closing a loophole that gives Chinese companies access to .
Metaphorically, ChatGPT is Alive
A 21-year-old won $40,000 for using AI to read the first word on a 2,000-year-old .
AltDiffusion: A Multilingual Text-to-Image Diffusion Model
Google Search Generative Experience will Create Images and Provide Writing Assistance. Is This Bard?
Canon begins selling nanoimprint chip machines, which skip photolithography to impress circuit patterns on the .
UK government embarks on bargain bin hunt for AI policy wonk
Google Updates its Vertex AI Search with Healthcare and Life Sciences Capabilities
Meta made its Llama 2 AI model open-source because 'Zuck has balls,' a former top .
Generative AI and migrations to the public cloud
Decentralizing AI: The Ambitious Plan to Solve the Global GPU Shortage
Researchers from Caltech and ETH Zurich Introduce Groundbreaking Diffusion Models: Harnessing Text Captions for State-of-the-Art .
A noob learns AI: My first neural network...in vanilla JS...with no libraries!
Q&A with Roblox CEO David Baszucki on launching the game on PlayStation, ads that leverage .
SolidRun unveils the Hummingboard 8P Edge AI SBC
The impact of artificial intelligence on software development? Still unclear
Ketch & The Ethical Tech Project announce results of a new survey
Cyberpunk 2077: Phantom Liberty revives voice of deceased actor with AI
YearbookPhotos
Cypher2023: Demystifying the Transformation in the Health Insurance and Healthcare Sector Through AI
Penster
Canon Begins Selling Chip Machines to Rival World's Best by ASML
[D] You don't need a Vector Database you just need a database
Replit Code V1.5 3B
Decoding the Data Scientist Hierarchy: From Junior to Senior   What Sets Them Apart?
OpenChat
Optimization: Geometrical Interpretation of the Newton-Raphson Method
Cypher 2023: Key Highlights (Day 2)
LLM Evals: Setup and the Metrics That Matter
AI needs more regulation in Europe, not less
Bring Correctness Back to Machine Learning
Top 8 ChatGPT Prompting Tips (Frontend version)
University of Sharjah Researchers Develop Artificial Intelligence Solutions for Inclusion of Arabic and Its Dialects .
Got hit with a layoff today but they offered to shop me around internally, any .
Jobs to switch to from Data Science
[D] Advisor rejects every idea I propose.
I've created a audiobook generator anyone got any books to test on it? Each character .
Artificial Unintelligence
Clio Image Maker for Whatsapp & Telegram
AI Film and AI Games Festival draws 300 to hear about AI taking the director's .
YC Application Optimizer
Hollywood actors remain on strike over AI, endorse 'NO FAKES ACT'
ChatGPT's Global Peace Plan
Deal Days: Learn How to Successfully Use ChatGPT For $20
Google indemnifies generative AI customers over IP rights claims
Event: Join Meta, PepsiCo, RiotGames, Uber & More at apply(ops)
Why do people care if ChatGPT wrote an apology for  The Lord of the Rings: .
Google tests AI-generated images and documents in search
Intel Arc A580 Review: A new $180 GPU
The AI Boom Could Use a Shocking Amount of Electricity
CD Projekt used AI to recreate the voice of Mi&#322;ogost Reczek, a Polish voice actor .
Cruise now offers paid robotaxi rides in Houston
How I created AI-powered ORM for PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQLite and why you shouldn't use .
Everbridge opens 2023 CAP Workshop in Switzerland
Cypher2023: Are Banks Ready for Generative AI?
CEOs condemn Hamas attacks and express support for Israel in messages to employees
How Can Platform Engineers Thrive in the Age of AI?
The 5 most popular CEOs in the US, as voted by employees &mdash; and the .
#LearnedToday:  :empty  pseudo class
Space Force Gets Scared, Pauses All Use of Generative AI
Exploring the performance of implicit neural representations for brain image registration
A systematic study of key elements underlying molecular property prediction
Who Will Benefit from AI?
What's the most advanced free chatbot available?
AI deciphers first word in the burnt Herculaneum papyri
AutoGen is Mindblowing: 4 Features that Make AutoGen the State-of-the-art Framework for Creating AI.
Predicting Flight Prices with MindsDB
Can Compressing Retrieved Documents Boost Language Model Performance? This AI Paper Introduces RECOMP: Improving Retrieval-Augmented .
Generative AI News This Week - OpenAI Chips, Adobe and Canva Bring Generative AI to .
Dev News: W3C Accessibility, OpenAI Python SDK, and More
Found in Translation: AI Lip-Synch Apps Have Arrived
Cypher 2023: Microsoft Wants Every Enterprise to Build Their Own ChatGPT
How Can Transformers Handle Longer Inputs? CMU and Google Researchers Unveil a Novel Approach (FIRE): .
ChatGPT and other language AIs are nothing without humans
Apple M1 and M2 Performance for Training SSL Models
NVIDIA's GeForce Now will cost more in Canada and Europe starting in November
Microsoft Will Pay You $15,000 If You Get Bing AI to Go Off the Rails
[D] Ways to get research experience before grad school
To hack GPT-4's vision, all you need is an image with some text on it
How to Use Git with Hugging Face: From Cloning to Pushing with Access Token Verification
AI This Week: Can AI's Environmental Impact Be Justified?
Three Considerations Before Adding Generative AI Capabilities to Your Security Stack
Survey: Massive Retooling Around Large Language Models Underway
[D] How important is a PhD for industry?
Can You Hide a Child's Face From A.I.?
Google offers legal shield to AI-generated content users amid copyright concerns
It's official: 2023 is the year of Microsoft's glow-up
Do you also often deal with problems that turn out to be some kind of .
Why are Humans Dreading Artificial Intelligence AI?
Building an Amazon Bedrock App for Text and Image Retrieval
Ryan AI
How to handle incompetent manager while looking for another job
The Best Optimization Algorithm for Your Neural Network
Strategic Data Analysis for Descriptive Questions
Deep Dive into the LSTM-CRF Model
Can Large Language Models Truly Act and Reason? Researchers from the University of Illinois at .
[R] Promptbreeder: Self-Referential Self-Improvement Via Prompt Evolution
Bots by Sttabot AI
Creative Question: Your ideas for AI generative reality
Multi-modal prompt injection image attacks against GPT-4V
How Can We Effectively Compress Large Language Models with One-Bit Weights? This Artificial Intelligence Research .
A brand new GAMLj
Researchers from Princeton and Meta AI Introduce MemWalker: A New Method that First Processes the .
Meet ToolJet: An Open-Source Low-Code Framework to Build and Deploy Internal Tools with Minimal Engineering .
QA-LoRA: Fine-Tune a Quantized Large Language Model on Your GPU
How GPT Pilot Codes 95% of Your App [Part ]
Cleaning + Preparing Minnesota Lakes Data
Hourly salary Data Scientist Canada
False Prophet: Feature Engineering for a Homemade Time Series Regression (Part 1 of 2)
Google adds AI image generation to Search   but there's a catch
Winning Hearts: Love Island's Love Algorithm
Savage Dall-e 3 delivers  Average reddit post
All the Geekiest, Coolest Hallmark Ornaments for 2023
YouTube is the latest large platform to face EU scrutiny regarding the war in Israel
CS61A: Projeto HOG (Parte 1)
Introduction to Machine Learning: Exploring Its Many Forms
[D] What are the best resources for learning reinforcement learning?
Google Cloud pledges a 'shared fate,' offering legal indemnification for customers
Testando testes no Python - Parte 3: Pytest dentro do Pytest
Warning to would be master's graduates in  data science
Supercharge Graph Analytics at Scale with GPU-CPU Fusion for 100x Performance
Israel dropped more bombs on Gaza in 6 days than the US-led coalition dropped in .
What are good questions to ask in interviews to validate the quality of your future .
Inside PromptBreeder: Google DeepMind New Self-Improving Prompt Technique
UAE Calls for Global Consensus on AI Governance
HARMAN launches HARMAN HealthGPT
Cleanlab raises $25M Series A
After Adobe announced its $20B Figma acquisition in September 2022, the deal has stalled due .
A student's AI tool wins a global contest to read the text inside a carbonized .
Nvidia plans to raise the price of GeForce Now game streaming service in Canada and .
6 VCs explain how startups can capture and defend marketshare in the AI era
Reverse Dropshipping
Adobe's new generative AI tool is a game-changer for video editing
Google promises to back generative AI users against copyright claims
Google finally adds AI text-to-image generation, but it's not where you think
Nvidia is raising the price of GeForce Now, but not in the US
Apple's new Godzilla series crushes its biggest challenge
Introducing the Free ODSC West Open Pass
This AI Paper Introduces DSPy: A Programming Model that Abstracts Language Model Pipelines as Text .
Neural algorithmic reasoning
UC Berkeley unveils MemGPT: Applying OS architecture to LLMs for unlimited context
[N] Most detailed human brain map ever contains 3,300 cell types
I tried the viral decorating AI RoomGPT on my boring living room. It added a .
How Generative AI Helped Me Imagine a Better Robot
SOLID Principles Series: Demystifying the Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP) in Node.js with TypeScript
Some AI image detecting tools are labeling real photographs from the Israel-Hamas war as fake, .
The SBF trial continues, Atlassian acquires Loom, and OpenAI explores making its own chips
How roboticists are thinking about generative AI
Multimodality and Large Multimodal Models (LMMs)
Desperate math major. I'm applying for data analyst role but I don't get any callback .
Ukraine deploys AI-powered autonomous attack drone - report
A Roadmap for Regulating AI Programs
Dragon Ball Daima Brings Back the Z Warriors in Kid-Sized Glory
Google AI Introduces SANPO: A Multi-Attribute Video Dataset for Outdoor Human Egocentric Scene Understanding
Unlocking the power of Sparsity in Generative Models: 8x Faster LLMs on CPUs with Sparse .
How generative AI is creeping into EV battery development
[R] Unlocking the power of Sparsity in Generative Models: 8x Faster LLMs on CPUs with .
GPT4-V, the new mode of GPT-4 that lets users upload images as part of conversations, .
How Python Programs Works?
Should I pursue a PhD
Running an LLM inside an AWS Lambda Function
Took me over a year but I finally got a data analyst job
Why AI Agents Don't Work (yet) - with Kanjun Qiu of Imbue
WellSaid Labs AI Voice Generator Review (October 2023)
Is Multilingual AI Truly Safe? Exposing the Vulnerabilities of Large Language Models in Low-Resource Languages
Do companies consider it cheating to Google/chat gpt stuff on hackerrank tests?
AI Images Detectors Are Being Used to Discredit the Real Horrors of War
Unleashing the Power of Flask: A Guide to Building Web Applications with Python
Is it still a good idea to buy a Jetson Nano in 2023?
Updates to my Capstone Project with Enhanced Features and still freely available to all (until .
Linear Algebra 3: Vector Equations
Implementing Trading Robots in Hedge Funds [+ Use Cases and Benefits]
How to watch Baidu's AI-focused product event
How founders can cut through the noise and find events that are actually worth it
Hitting the Books: Voice-controlled AI copilots could lead to safer flights
Meet POCO: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework for 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation
Tips and Tricks To Use Prompt Engineering for a Text Classification Task.
Human voices are the new bootleg records
Grokking Bit Manipulation Tricks and Complete Guide
Will being data analyst in casino resort ruin my career?
Responsible AI: The Key to a Safe and Equitable Future
The 'ChatGPT' Moment for Robotics Is Closer than Ever Thanks to Google
Microsoft AI Records 5,000 Audiobooks for Project Gutenberg
Build a Data Science App with Just Python: A Streamlit Guide
[R] Conceptual Framework for Autonomous Cognitive Entities - Clemson University 2023 - Introducing the ACE .
Is this normal qualification?
Due Diligence goes AI with Ferett AI's automated background checks
From Lab to Live: Implementing Open-Source AI Models for Real-Time Unsupervised Anomaly Detection in Images
ChatGPT: How to use ChatGPT to make a Shiny App (an Excel Analyzer)
Polymathic AI aims to help scientists make faster and better discoveries
This Artificial Intelligence Survey Research Provides A Comprehensive Overview Of Large Language Models Applied To .
Researchers find that a modest amount of fine-tuning can undo safety efforts that aim to .
LLM Scaling Laws vs. Everything Else
Biden eyes adding AI chip curbs to Chinese companies abroad
Bosses Deploying AIs in Video Meetings to Lecture Employees for Bad Behavior
Microsoft's bounty program for Bing Chat prompt hacks sounds like easy money
Data Machina #223
Google's New Phone Adds Smiles to Your Photos Even If Everyone Was Miserable
The Ever-So-Ethical OpenAI Just Replaced Its  Core Values  With Completely Different Ones
[D] The history of neural network is over. J. Schimdhuber proposes a giant network that .
Running Swirl Search in an instant on Gitpod  and GitHub Codespaces
This AI Research Proposes FireAct: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach to Fine-Tuning Language Models with .
TorrentLover
PlanetScale's Challenge to Oracle: Forking MySQL and Introducing Vector Search
Meet xVal: A Continuous Way to Encode Numbers in Language Models for Scientific Applications that .
How to handle  A.I.  obsessed management?
[P] Made a Python package for creating API endpoints with dynamic queries.
[R] Supercharging reinforcement learning with logic
Apple and CMU Researchers Unveil the Never-ending UI Learner: Revolutionizing App Accessibility Through Continuous Machine .
[D] transformers vs llama.cpp vs GPTQ vs GGML vs GGUF
Company building an LLM App. Need some understanding if my opinions are reasonable.
I am interviewing my future boss, what should I ask them?
ChatGPT Prompt Generator OS
Looking for data science job in US for over 2 months and no results
Reflection and Takeaways from AI Engineer Summit 2023
GPT-4V absolutely flawlessly directed me to the next supermarket, without a single erroneous turn or .
[D] Is the topic of your ML PhD important?
Cal.ai
How 'AI watermarking' system pushed by Microsoft and Adobe will and won't work
The company powering the AI revolution is quite happy to let staff keep WFH
A Benchmark Dataset for AI Weather Models
Extending Context Length in Large Language Models
Julia Magic Too Few People Know About
Fondant AI Releases Fondant-25M Dataset of Image-Text Pairs with a Creative Commons License
Vectorize and Parallelize RL Environments with JAX: Q-learning at the Speed of Light
Beginner Tutorial: Connect GPT Models with Company Data in Microsoft Azure
Democratizing AI: MosaicML's Impact on the Open-Source LLM Movement
[D] Running Large Language Models on CPU
[P] I built an AI Writing Coach to proofread your work
Some Google employees are questioning the decision to pour resources into ChatGPT rival Bard, messages .
Optics AI or Not is free and can detect AI-generated images and audio
OpenAI targets $1.3 billion in annual revenue
Unleashing Human Potential: Be So Good, AI Won't Replace You
MIT study shows AI conversations are more positive if users think AI is empathetic, negative .
GameGPT: Using AI to Automate Game Development
Data analytics leadership and imposter syndrome?
Is a Masters in Data Science worth it, or should I do it in CS/Maths/Stats?
Fully Explained Softmax Regression for Multi-Class Label with Python
Going Vertical: Gate All Around, 3D DRAM, 3D NAND - Kokusai Electric IPO
Researchers from Yale and Google Introduce HyperAttention: An Approximate Attention Mechanism Accelerating Large Language Models .
Researchers propose GameGPT: A multi-agent approach to fully automated game development
Unlocking the Mysteries of Diffusion Models: An In-Depth Exploration
How to design an Agent for Production
UK-Hosted AI Summit to Weigh Election Disruption, Security Risks
From GeoJSON to Network Graph: Analyzing World Country Borders in Python
Meet PIXART-: A Transformer-Based T2I Diffusion Model Whose Image Generation Quality is Competitive with State-of-the-Art .
Smarter than humans in 5 years? The breakneck pace of AI
[P] Oddly Satisfying Animation of Pixel Shuffle
TCS Seeks to Use Microsoft AI Partnership to Improve Margins
Exploratory Data Analysis Using Data Visualization Techniques  .
This AI Paper Proposes a NeRF-based Mapping Method that Enables Higher-Quality Reconstruction and Real-Time Capability .
Find Your AI Solutions at the ODSC West AI Expo
Facebook's Billion-Scale Search Algorithm Repurposed to Efficiently Navigate Proteomic Data
DevSecOps with AWS- Ephemeral Environments   Creating test Environments On-Demand - Part 1
[R] Researchers propose GameGPT: A multi-agent approach to fully automated game development
Do you folks Leetcode?
Causal inference as a blind spot of data scientists
KindWorks.AI closed an oversubscribed pre-seed round over $1.5M USD
Expion Health named Inaugural UiPath AI10 Award Winner
Minds of machines: The great AI consciousness conundrum
Singapore and US sync up on AI governance and set up joint group
Google Quantum AI Presents 3 Case Studies to Explore Quantum Computing Applications Related to Pharmacology, .
Why OpenAI Should Acquire Graphcore
TCS Seeks a Boost in AI Partnership with Microsoft
Millions of Workers Are Training AI Models for Pennies
Google Adds Broad Generative AI Indemnity, But You Might Want to Note the Exceptions
OpenAI has quietly changed its core values, and being 'thoughtful' and 'audacious' no longer makes .
Meet MindGPT: A Non-Invasive Neural Decoder that Interprets Perceived Visual Stimuli into Natural Languages from .
Gary Gensler says it's  nearly unavoidable  that AI will cause a financial crisis if many .
Meet Decaf: a Novel Artificial Intelligence Monocular Deformation Capture Framework for Face and Hand Interactions
What are the best sites to review DS topics/study for interviews?
Identity Crisis in Data Science
Java News Roundup: Foreign Function & Memory API, OpenJDK JEPs, Apache Tomcat CVEs
Pretraining Faster RCNN ViT Detection Model on Pascal VOC
Creating a 13kb Game in JavaScript
How Far and Dark will Deepfakes Go?
Unveiling the Power of K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) in Machine Learning
Not getting noticed for data science jobs
Roadmap for CV - self drive (help please)
Data Analyst at FAANG getting rejections for F500 Companies DS roles
NVIDIA Blackwell B100 GPUs To Feature SK Hynix HBM3e Memory, Launches In Q2 2024 Due .
[R] Reason for Future, Act for Now: A Principled Framework for Autonomous LLM Agents with .
[D]Was any further work done on the paper  Large-Scale Study of Curiosity-Driven Learning  in recent .
Mgmt and team want me to put a model in production without data. What do .
From PyTorch to PyTorch Lighting: Getting Started Guide
Ukrainian AI attack drones may be killing without human oversight
Chatleh
novelistAI 2.0
Nvidia RTX 4090 Founders Edition borked by winged bug that got trapped inside
Infosys Unveils Development Center to Bolster Local Talent in Cloud, AI, & Digital Solutions
How To Fine-Tune ChatGPT 3.5 Turbo
Generative AI Report   10/16/2023
AMD's Attempt to Break NVIDIA's CUDA
Tokyo-based, KKR-owned chipmaking equipment maker Kokusai Electric raised $724.4M in its IPO, after pricing shares .
Introduction to Docker Compose
The Minsky Awards for Excellence in AI 2023: A Night of Innovation and Impact
Why Atlassian is Acquiring Loom
How 'A.I. Agents' That Roam the Internet Could One Day Replace Workers
AI models can analyze thousands of words at a time. A Google researcher has found .
Democratizing AI with digital adoption platforms
NVIDIA AI Unveils SteerLM: A New Artificial Intelligence Method that Allows Users to Customize the .
A 'Green' Search Engine Sees Danger and Opportunity in the Generative AI Revolution
The Evolution of Language Models: From T9 to GPT-3+
Winning Teams Point Balances
Predicting acute pancreatitis severity with enhanced computed tomography scans using convolutional neural networks
The ML project failure funnel
FTC Probes Evolv Security Over AI Weapons Screening Claims
Testing Fine Tuned Open Source Models in LangSmith
Who is Harry Potter? Inside Microsoft Research's Fine-Tuning Method for Unlearning Concepts in LLMs
One Stop For Logistic Regression
FastStream: Python's framework for Efficient Message Queue Handling
Stack Overflow lays off over 100 people as the AI coding boom continues
UK plan to lead in generative AI 'unrealistic,' say Cambridge researchers
Researchers advance generative AI for 3D modeling with 3D Gaussian Splatting
Navigating The Pitfalls Of Using ChatGPT
Mastering Deep Learning: The Art of Approximating Non-Linearities with Piecewise Estimations Part-2
BIO-key sponsors FIDO Alliance's Authenticate 2023 Conference
Transforming text into vectors: TSDAE's unsupervised approach to enhanced embeddings
What are Multimodal models?
YouTube gets new AI-powered ads that let brands target special cultural moments
Microsoft unveils extensions to Fabric, Azure for healthcare AI
Mastering the Art of Data Cleaning in Python
AI Agenda: Why Investors in GPU Resellers May End Up Disappointed
Is AI enough to increase your productivity?
Vouched appoints New VP of Revenue Growth & Customer Success
The 12 Worst Examples of Meta's Dystopian AI Influencers
EcoFlow unveils solar energy solutions for Middle East at GITEX Global
Evaluations for Retrieval Augmented Generation: TruLens + Milvus
NYC Releases Plan to Embrace AI, and Regulate It
Lakeside Software releases Generative AI-Powered Solutions
Announcing Wasp Launch Week #4: Waspolution + win swag!
OpenAI Aims for a Bolder Presence in the Developer Arena
Can AI Replace Developers? Princeton and University of Chicago's SWE-bench Tests AI on Real Coding .
AI Detected a Supernova All on Its Own
Setting Up a GPU Development Environment Using Docker
None of Your Photos Are Real
Nvidia's SteerLM could be the successor to RLHF
As Arctic Sea Ice Breaks Up, AI Is Starting to Predict Where the Will Pieces .
How LLMs Stay Current with the Changing World
SymphonyAI appoints AI & Robotics Luminary Daniela Rus to its Board
M/L Learning Byte: Load, Split and Scale Data
OpenAI's growth this year has been unstoppable. Maintaining it will be the hard part.
Integrating LLMs into business operations | Q&A with Shakudo
[Exclusive] Sridhar Vembu Calls AI a Bubble
Developers build AI to read words from ancient scroll burnt in Mount Vesivius' eruption
CS61A: Projeto Hog (Parte 2)
The Download: a new kind of IVF, and the AI consciousness debate
Automate Form Submission: ChatGPT-Powered Bot with Google Sheet Integration via Automatio
Bollywood Goes Gaga for Generative AI
5 Free Books to Master Data Science
Creative Force, now with $8.9M, gives e-commerce workflows an AI treatment
Apple has an edge over its competitors in the fight against climate change
AI pioneers Yann LeCun and Yoshua Bengio clash in an intense online debate over AI .
Sources: the US plans new China chip rules to block some AI chips that fall .
Nvidia H800 faces potential China export ban as US strengthens rules on AI chip shipments
NoBroker Launches CallZen.AI To Improve Customer Service
Architecting for the Future: A Deep Dive into Modern Data Architecture
Replit's Mad Obsession with 'AI for All'
It is 'nearly unavoidable' that AI will cause a financial crash within a decade, SEC .
Guest Post: Retrieval Augmented Generation on Notion Docs via LangChain*
Cost saving is not a leading driver of generative AI adoption
OpenAI's DALL-E 3 generates your images in ChatGPT following these rules
'No Fakes Act' Seeks to Ban Unauthorized AI-Generated Likenesses
Recommendation algorithm with vector database
Anonymous Man in Ski Mask Offers Solution to Hollywood's AI Problems
Can Language Models Replace Programmers? Researchers from Princeton and the University of Chicago Introduce SWE-bench: .
Popularity of Data Visualization tools mentioned in data-science/ml job descriptions
Which Model is best for Word Embedding?
SOTA Facial Recognition [D]
AI dubbing ( local )
Cosine
Using a large-scale dataset holding a million real-world conversations to study how people interact with .
AMD releases Fluid Motion Frames preview driver for newer Radeon GPUs
Application Mapping for Big Data Environments
Managed K8s with GPU Worker Nodes for Faster AI/ML Inference
Google Will Legally Protect its Generative AI Users
ByteDance's video editor CapCut targets businesses with AI ad scripts and AI-generated presenters
Bridging Large Language Models and Business: LLMops
Security Governance and Risk Management in Enterprise Architecture
Microsoft's HoloAssist dataset brings AI assistants closer to our daily lives
[R] Decoding LLM Uncertainties for Better Predictability
Decoding LLM Uncertainties for Better Predictability
Wall Street Watchdog Says AI Will Cause 'Unavoidable' Economic Collapse
Study: Deep neural networks don't see the world the way we do
LinkedIn confirms it will cut a further 668 jobs, bringing the total to nearly 1,400 .
Decoding Statistical Significance: A Marketer's Guide
LLMOps vs MLOps: Understanding the Differences
Last Week in AI 241: Adobe's push for AI integration, Big Tech struggling to make .
New Nat Geo Docuseries Features Seven Leading Photographers
The Generative AI Bubble Will Burst Soon
Observability startup Pantomath lands $14M to automate data pipelines
DecodingTrust: A Comprehensive Assessment of Trustworthiness in GPT Models
From concept to patent: 4 key steps for AI entrepreneurs
The end of boring meetings: why workers are sending robots instead
Dealmaster: Save on laptops, Lego, CPUs, GPUs, and more
Meet Rick and Morty's new voice actors
Using data, AI, and cloud to transform real estate
Adobe is Striking the Right Creative Chord With AI
US government announces new rules for exporting AI chips to China
Generative AI is everything, everywhere, all at once
Dicas de estudo para se manter atualizado em TI
UK reveals AI Safety Summit opening day agenda
Scientists advance voice pathology detection via adversarial continual learning
Embracing Julia: An Invitation Letter
Meet LLMWare: An All-in-One Artificial Intelligence Framework for Streamlining LLM-based Application Development for Generative AI .
Mac users are embracing AI apps, study finds, with 42% using AI apps daily
Mastering the Future: Evaluating LLM-Generated Data Architectures leveraging IaC technologies
AI coding assistant | API Costs
Insights From Ascend's Annual DataAware Pulse Survey
Celestica launches its Next Generation 800G Switch
AI aims to predict and fix developer coding errors before disaster strikes
Facebook's AI-Powered Jane Austen Is Already Overrun by Spam
What would be a good curriculum for a data scientist to learn about forecasting?
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/15/2023
Waymo driverless cars will introduce new visual cues to state their intentions, avoid exit door .
SEC Head: Financial Crash Caused by AI 'Nearly Unavoidable'
Here are the best AirPods deals you can get right now
2024 Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends: Gartner
Generative AI spending to reach $143 billion in 2027: IDC
It's all just a little bit of history repeating
Essential Insights from 'State of AI 2023'
How many companies actually have a clear plan for their data?
What's the new thing is he talking about?
CMU & Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce AlignProp: A Direct Backpropagation-Based AI Approach to Finetune Text-to-Image .
New York City unveiled a new plan to use AI to make its government work .
AI Startup Roundup: OpenAI CEO Backs Teenagers' AI Startup
From Zero to Hero: How AutoGen is Reshaping LLM
Top 7 Featured DEV Posts of the Week
Weekly Top Picks #48
Cerebras and Abu Dhabi's M42 made an LLM dedicated to answering medical questions
Cloudera Hit with $240 Million Judgement Over Erasure Coding
A Python Tool for Fetching Air Pollution Data from Google Maps Air Quality APIs
Identifying Topical Hot Spots in Urban Areas
AI is closer than ever to passing the Turing test for 'intelligence'. What happens when .
YouTube adds Spotlight Moments, an AI-powered ad tool to help brands identify the most popular .
Carbon Emissions of an ML Engineering Team
Learning HTML: A Beginner's Guide to Web Development
Fine-tune MusicGen to generate music in any style
OpenSilver 2.0 Weds VB.NET with XAML for Web Apps
Unlocking AI Transparency: How Anthropic's Feature Grouping Enhances Neural Network Interpretability
How to use audio data in LlamaIndex with Python
Keeping 'A Eye' on AI
Human body movements may enable automated emotion recognition, researchers say
From 2D to 3D: Enhancing Text-to-3D Generation Consistency with Aligned Geometric Priors
Practical Considerations in RAG Application Design
Experts Explore AI Potential as Expand North Star Enters Day 2
Micas Networks partners with EPS Global
Deloitte launches Innovative 'DARTbot' Internal Chatbot
Generative AI spending to reach $143 billion in 2027, says IDC
Opera One now allows you to do even more with AI
Dall-E 3 vs MidJourney - Which is better?
[D] What is the current SOTA of Neural Architecture Search (NAS)?
US Senators Introduce Bill Against AI Deep Fakes
Bank of America's AI Assistant Erica Passes 1.5 Billion Interactions
What am I doing wrong?
[P] MergeLlama-7b - A fine tune of CodeLlama for resolving merge conflicts
ChatGPT may be better than a GP at following depression guidelines   study
Build your Full-stack AI Application with ReactPy
A method to interpret AI might not be so interpretable after all
AI helps decipher first text of  unreadable  ancient Herculaneum scroll
Advancements in railway system management: A multifaceted approach
Videns Analytics and Mila form strategic partnership to stimulate innovation in artificial intelligence in Quebec
Table-GPT: Table-tuned GPT for Diverse Table Tasks
Actors' worst fears come true? New 4D Gaussian splatting method captures human motion
After ChatGPT disruption, Stack Overflow lays off 28 percent of staff
Case Study: Candy Giant Mars Uses AI to Test Which Ads Lead to Sales
[R] Google Pali-3 Vision Language Models: Contrastive Training Outperforms Classification
Stack Overflow Lays Off Employees as AI Coding Industry
AI leaders back out of Web Summit after CEO's comments about Israel
I built an AI tool to help authors create webcomics
UC Berkeley and SKS Partners unveil $2B R&D space hub at NASA Ames
[D] Is active learning a dying field in industry, given the development in few shot/zero .
Security Must Empower AI Developers Now
UK Workers Turn to AI Seeking Better Work-Life Balance
Meme Mondays
Why employers want experience over education
This AI Paper Introduces Lemur and Lemur Chat For Harmonizing Natural Language and Code For .
Baidu Says Its AI as Good as ChatGPT's in Bold Claim for China
Llemma: An Open Language Model For Mathematics
AI pioneers LeCun, Bengio clash in intense online AI safety, governance debate
Marc Andreessen's  Techno-Optimist Manifesto  lists  enemies  such as trust and safety and tech ethics, says .
The real reset button for local mess fom tests: withr::deferred_run()
Streamlining Azure Django Deployment
[R] Microsoft presents Table-GPT: Table-tuned GPT for Diverse Table Tasks
Regretting Data Science
Deepfake Porn Is Out of Control
I'm chronicling the process of trying to create a boardgame with Chat GPT and it's .
ChatGPT vs. Industry Giants: How It Stacks Up Against Other AI Chatbots
Unlocking Reliable Generations through Chain-of-Verification: A Leap in Prompt Engineering
Blackberry Releases Cybersecurity Generative AI Assistant
Three Next-Generation Data Architectures: How Cloud, Mesh, and Data Fabrics Impact your AI Deployments
A 'Godfather of AI' Calls for an Organization to Defend Humanity
Prisma chief med officer: AI offers 'tremendous opportunities' but shouldn't replace doctors
Space Tech Startup Agnikul Cosmos Secures $26.7M in Series-B Funding
Researchers from Stanford and Microsoft Introduce Self-Improving AI: Leveraging GPT-4 to Elevate Scaffolding Program Performance
Revolutionizing Wearable Tech: Edge Impulse's Ultra-Efficient Heart Rate Algorithm & Expanding Healthcare Suite
Why it'll be hard to tell if AI ever becomes conscious
Chinese generative AI startup Baichuan, one of the first to win approval to release its .
Hamas War Highlights Israel's Cutting-Edge AI Military Tech
This AI Startup Helps Insurers Spot Cognitive Decline in Older Drivers
How to size and scale Apache Kafka, without tears
Deno 1.37: Significant Developer-Focused Enhancements
Best practices for operating cloud-based generative AI systems
How to use Google's PaLM 2 API with LangChain
Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses review: sleek charging case and better audio and camera, but feels .
Report: European SaaS back to 2019 levels with the boost of GenAI
ChatGPT competitor Claude 2 launches in more countries
Chinese search engine company Baidu unveils Ernie 4.0 AI model, claims that it rivals GPT-4
Make Notion search great again: Notion API
OpenAI has Just Cracked AGI
Slowing down on AI will cause preventable deaths &mdash; and that's a form of murder, .
Alibaba, Tencent Join Funding for Chinese AI High-flyer Baichuan
[Exclusive] Gupshup Unveils New Generative AI-Powered Features for Customers
NVIDIA AI Reveals SteerLM AI Method for Custom Responses from LLMs
NVIDIA AI Reveals SteerLM: A Unique AI Method for Custom Responses from Large Language Models .
NVIDIA AI Reveals SteerLM: A Unique AI Method for Custom Responses from Large Language Models
AI chatbots could help plan bioweapon attacks, report finds
AI-Flow
Stand.earth: Apple is ahead of Microsoft, Google, Nvidia, Dell, and HP in climate initiatives and .
Google Unveils the Enigma of Memorization and Generalization in Neural Models
How Jonty Rhodes Coaches with AI
Making Mistakes as an Analyst   and Strategies to deal with them.
Branches Are All You Need: Our Opinionated ML Versioning Framework
AI startups need more data centres. France wants to build them
VCs, stop wasting your money on AI chatbots and invest in deeptech instead
New technique helps robots pack objects into a tight space
PwC Offers Advice From Bots in Deal With ChatGPT Firm OpenAI
Baidu's founder Robin Li unveils Ernie 4.0, saying the language model is on par with .
[R] Solving least squares with Frobenius norm using Cholesky decomposition.
[D] Exploring Methods to Improve Text Chunking in RAG Models (and other things...)
Exploring Methods to Improve Text Chunking in RAG Models (and other things...)
Amplitude Plus
Get Ready for a Deluge of AI-Written Emails, Thanks to Microsoft Outlook
AI-Hypnosis Generator
Recognition and Generation of Object-State Compositions in Machine Learning Using  Chop and Learn
Snapchat now lets users embed its content into a website, mimicking long-standing Instagram and TikTok .
Why AI's to be Blamed for Layoffs
Can AI pass the CFA exam? A new study says probably not yet
The Download: fixing the internet, and detecting AI consciousness
Marc Andreessen publishes manifesto: slowing down AI development is murder, population can expand to 50 .
Procurify lands fresh cash to invest in AI-powered tools for procurement
Reality Defender raises $15M to detect text, video and image deepfakes
DALL E 3 is Here with ChatGPT Integration
AI is Disrupting Culture in Organisations
Israel launches a PR offensive amid its Gaza bombardment, paying for ads on YouTube, X, .
Anthropic Expands Claude's Services Across 95 Nations
AMD Extends PyTorch Support on RDNA-3 For Local ML Training
Baidu claims to rival OpenAI's GPT-4 with Ernie 4.0 chatbot
Microsoft-affiliated research finds flaws in GTP-4
Cities: Skylines 2 developer warns of potential performance issues at launch
Chinese tech giant Baidu says its latest update to ChatGPT rival Ernie is 'not inferior .
Masterpiece X - Generate
Edge 335: LoRA Fine-Tuning and Low-Rank Adaptation Methods
AI Funding Soars to $17.9 Billion as the Rest of Silicon Valley Slumps
US Escalates Sanctions as China Touts Its Own ChatGPT
AI Chatbots Can Guess Your Personal Information From What You Type
An Introduction to  FastAPI
Sine Wave (plotting with digits)
Observability in Action Part 3: Enhancing Your Codebase with OpenTelemetry
Navigating the Complex Landscape of IT Service Delivery in a Rapidly Changing World
Researchers from Princeton Introduce ShearedLLaMA Models for Accelerating Language Model Pre-Training via Structured Pruning
This Indian Space Tech Startup is Building Google Maps for Space
The New Generation of Risk: Riskonnect
I had 2 limbs amputated after an accident. A year later I've returned to the .
Create an AI Voice Generator App in 5 minutes
App That Claims to Identify AI Images Embroiled in Israel Hamas Argument
Meet Universal Simulator (UniSim): An Interactive Simulator of the Real World Interaction Through Generative Modeling
The US plans to significantly constrict AI chip exports, including by Nvidia and Intel, hoping .
Made by Google News: Qualcomm Partners with Google, Pixel 8 and Pixel Watch 2 Specs
AI-generating music app Riffusion turns viral success into $4M in funding
Microsoft Copilot: Here's everything you need to know about the company's AI assistant
Unlock Faster Image Generation in Stable Diffusion Web UI with NVIDIA TensorRT
Google DeepMind Announces LLM-Based Robot Controller RT-2
LLMs as Operating Systems for Extended Context
Nirvana nabs $57M to make AI inroads into commercial trucking insurance
Turn your face into a super-hero with NextJS, Replicate, and Trigger.dev
The Mystical Craft of Prompt Engineering
US Restricts Nvidia Made-for-China Chips in New Sale Rules
Konfer launches AI GRC to Cover Global AI Regulatory Requirements
AI is Becoming a Band-Aid over Bad, Broken Tech Industry Design Choices
Chinese AI Developer Punishes Staff Who Took Long Lunch Breaks
Big Tech, AI Models to Face Antitrust Inquiry in South Africa
AI Reads Ancient Scroll Charred by Mount Vesuvius in Tech First
[D] TensorFlow.js and state of the ecosystem for JavaScript
Predict maximum capacity of parking lots
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 9/10 to 15/10
BSI: Closing 'AI confidence gap' key to unlocking benefits
One Stop for K-Means Clustering
AI Platform Alliance forms to enable At-Scale Adoption of AI
FLaNK Stack Weekly 16 October 2023
Open questions for AI engineering
Chartpack: Web Technologies used in product development, Q4 2023
ChatGPT vs. BARD
Google's 'Wartime' Urgency to Chase ChatGPT Shakes Up Culture
Clearview AI and the end of privacy, with author Kashmir Hill
Learn by Concept: A New Way to Learn
U.S. Investigating GM's Cruise Over Reported Pedestrian Injuries
The Machine Ethics Podcast: Art and AI collaboration with Sarah Brin
A 21-Year-Old Just Solved a 2000-Year-Old Mystery In 'World-Historical' Breakthrough
LLM Training on Unity Catalog data with MosaicML Streaming Dataset
Gartner identifies the Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends for 2024
PyTorch Lightning for Dummies   A Tutorial and Overview
dbt Labs Tackles Data Project Complexity with Mesh at Coalesce
Google: Data-scraping lawsuit would take 'sledgehammer' to generative AI
OpenAI's flagship AI model has gotten more trustworthy but easier to trick
Pair-Programming With AI: A Tale of Man and Machine
Chatbot Offers Roadmap for How to Conduct a Bio Weapons Attack
Microsoft's CEO on one of the biggest philosophical questions about AI and whether it's manipulating .
PwC teams up with OpenAI to use AI to consult on complex tax, legal, and .
AI Startup Wants to Make Sure Chatbots Don't Tell People How to Vote
US launches official probe into Cruise after pair of pedestrian accidents
China's Ernie AI is just as good as - or better than - ChatGPT, says .
DeepMind Co-founder: The Next Stage of Gen AI Is a Personal AI
AI Funding Soars to $17.9 Billion While Rest of Tech Slumps
ChatGPT Can 'Infer' Personal Details From Anonymous Text
SalesForce AI Research Developed ProGen: A Leap Forward in Protein Engineering Using Artificial Intelligence
Interview Take Home task seemed unreasonable
UK AI Startup Funding: Alan Turing Institute Identifies Huge Gender Disparity
Snapchat Adds Content Embeds and Uses AI To Expand Backgrounds
Nvidia's H800 AI chip for China is blocked by new export rules
Bloomberg Technology 10/17/2023
COPILOT, my Precious: Steering the Ship with Gandalf as Your First Mate
Nvidia banking on TensorRT to expand generative AI dominance
Mixbook Adds AI Design Tools to its Photo Book Builder
What if We Could All Control A.I.?
OpenAI Dropped Work on New 'Arrakis' AI Model in Rare Setback
5 Lessons Learned from Testing Databricks SQL Serverless + DBT
PwC pioneers AI integration in audit firms through OpenAI collaboration
How to Train BERT for Masked Language Modeling Tasks
Researchers Just Found Something Terrifying About Talking to AI Chatbots
CXL Gets Off the Drawing Board
Cleaning a Messy Car Dataset with Python Pandas
What Happens When Most Content Online Becomes AI-Generated?
How valuable is a PhD in science (with applied ML) compared to a PhD in .
Google says learning isn't stealing in one of its AI copyright lawsuits
This AI Paper Proposes 'MotionDirector': An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Customize Video Motion and Appearance
Creating New Data Scientists in the Age of Remote Work
Dubai unleashed a new era of global AI dominance at GITEX GLOBAL 2023
AI Drives Artsy M&amp;A Debate at Houlihan Lokey Conference
vLex launches Major Upgrade to Vincent AI
LWiAI Podcast #140 - Yasa-1, Waymo expands, scaling robot learning, AI watermarks
TC+ Roundup: How to capture market share in the era of AI
Top Deep Learning Sessions Coming to ODSC West
Voice Actors Speak Out on AI Regulations They Want to Have
Snapchat Finally Adds Embeds, Along With Some Lackluster AI
Layoffs hit coding community Stack Overflow as software engineers increasingly shift to AI for help
Ex-Fugees star accuses his lawyer of going full robot in corruption trial
The AI Summit New York 2023: Editor's Picks
Major Tech Investor Calls Architect of Fascism a 'Saint' in Unhinged Manifesto
Making CRDTs 98% more efficient
Your AI experiments will fail if you don't focus on this special ingredient
Study: Wearable sensors more accurately track Parkinson's disease progression than traditional observation
Biden Admin Adds New Rules to Keep American AI Chips Out of China
NYC Mayor Casually Announces He's Deepfaking Himself, Experts Horrified
TensorFlow Model Training Using GradientTape
[R] 85% of the variance in language model performance is explained by a single factor .
Opportunities and Limitations of Deploying Large Language Models in the Enterprise
People of AI: Season 2
AI Chip Reseller Raises $50 Million in Financing Led By Kleiner Perkins
The US Just Escalated Its AI Chip War With China
Filing: Alphabet-owned DeepMind cut expenses related to employees by to &pound;595M in 2022, down 39% .
Mozilla Brings a Fake Review Checker AI Tool to Firefox
24 Open-Source Projects for Developers in 2023
MIN how many yrs of work exp will one need to be a Data Analyst?
Moving to USA or Staying in UAE
This AI newsletter is all you need #69
New AI Method for Protein Structure Prediction Handles All Kinds of Biologically Relevant Molecules
ASML says new updates to US export curbs designed to block China's access to highly .
[P] 2D Gaussian Splatting a great starting point for people who want to delve deeper
Flatfile acquires AI Start-up Chatcsv Inc.,
Nvidia falls to lead chip stocks lower as US clamps down on key AI exports .
Zelus Analytics helps sports teams bring together growing pile of analytics data
ChatGPT outperforms human doctors in unbiased depression treatment recommendations
Can GPT models be financial analysts? ChatGPT, GPT-4 fail CFA exams in new study by .
Let's find out what GPT4 vision can do
Office Hours AI
Quoting Benedict Evans
SaaS AI Features Meet Applications Without Moats
China's Ernie AI is just as good as - or better than - ChatGPT, say .
Converting XGBoost decision models to  if-then  statements
NYC Mayor Eric Adams uses AI to make robocalls in languages he doesn't speak, raising .
Researchers from NVIDIA Introduce Retro 48B: The Largest LLM Pretrained with Retrieval before Instruction Tuning
This AI Research Presents Neural A*: A Novel Data-Driven Search Method for Path Planning Problems
EU Plans Stricter Rules for Most Powerful Generative AI Models
I'm giving up finding a job. I feel like I'll have better luck applying to .
U.S. Tightens China's Access to Advanced Chips for Artificial Intelligence
[P] Achieving peak performance on GPU
MatFormer: The Universal Elastic Transformer Capable to Generate Submodels With Zero Extra Training Costs
Chinese Chipmaker Wingtech's Unit Seeks Up to $1 Billion in Loan
Nvidia teams with Foxconn to boost electric vehicle AI
Evident Vascular, which develops AI-enabled tech for more precise intravascular ultrasound images, exits stealth with .
PyTorch ExecuTorch extends open source AI for new quests at the edge
DeepMind UniSim simulates reality to train robots, game characters
Stardog launches Voicebox, an LLM-powered layer to query enterprise data
OpenAI formally brings web search to ChatGPT as DALL-E 3 integration arrives in beta
Amazon details Sequoia, its new AI and robotics tools for its warehouses to help reduce .
Inflection AI is Making Generative AI Friendly
AWS Announces the Preview of Amazon CodeWhisperer Customization Capability
The US' new 400-page chip export rules show officials are open to chip sector input .
Meet the typical at-work ChatGPT user: A millennial secretly submitting writing tasks who's a bit .
FaceMe ranks First in NIST FATE Test for PAD
10 new Windows 11 features in the October 2023 update to try now
China has a new plan for judging the safety of generative AI and it's packed with .
Jupyter Notebook Ripe for Cloud Credential Theft, Researchers Warn
GitHub Releases New Research on Copilot Chat
TurinTech AI announced new partnership with UbiOps
Sam Altman says he can't rule out OpenAI making its own chips, as AI firms .
OpenAI's Sam Altman has 'deep misgivings' about people becoming friends with AI
In a rare joint statement, Five Eyes chiefs from the US, the UK, Canada, Australia, .
OpenAI Kills Arrakis
ZenGPT: a simple ChapGPT alternative frontend
What shiny new object is good to learn now?
Interview with Aylin Caliskan: AI ethics
Your Life As A Digital Ghost
Review: 7 Python IDEs compared
Automus Consulting launches new integrated AI product; FAiS
OpenAI reportedly canceled  Arrakis , its more efficient GPT-4 level AI model
This AI Research Presents RoboHive: A Comprehensive Software Platform and Ecosystem for Research in the .
The US curbs exports of more AI chips to China
TSIA's research Journeys to Crack the Code on Implementing AI
Want a job in AI? 4 tips from hiring leaders at IBM, Nvidia, and AI .
H.E. Omar Sultan Al Olama highlighted AI Regulations in the UAE
Tech giants Foxconn, Nvidia announce they are building 'AI factories'
Ampere leads a pack of AI startups to challenge Nvidia's 'unsustainable' GPUs
Slowing Down AI is Murder
Sales Sparrow by True Sparrow
Semi Prime Numbers
Real Estate AI
Researchers: soundscapes and an AI model trained on 100+ wildlife songs can be an effective .
Llemma is Here, An Open Language Model For Mathematics
Agnikul Looks to Make India A Global Space Hub
ASML reports Q3 revenue up 15.5% YoY to &euro;6.67B, vs. &euro;6.71B est., net profit up .
Foxconn and Nvidia announce plans to build  AI factories , a new class of data centers .
Shit scared of Leetcode!
Microsoft Azure AI Introduces Idea2Img: A Self-Refinancing Multimodal AI Framework For The Development And Design .
Pytorch Edge Introduces ExecuTorch Enabling On-Device Inference
Foxconn and Nvidia are building 'AI factories' to accelerate self-driving cars
Zoho's Bid to Rival GitHub Copilot
Meta Product Chief Sees AI Chatbots as Tool to Lure Advertisers
AI COACH
OpenAI Claims Tool to Detect AI-Generated Images Is 99% Accurate
ASML's Orders Fall Amid Continued Slump in Semiconductor Sector
Your friendly AI chatbot could know a lot about you from the way you type
Horizon UI Landing Kit
Document: the EU is considering a three-tiered approach to regulating generative AI under the AI .
Do humans get lazier when robots help with tasks?
Escreva o melhor markdown que voc ja fez com esses 5 snippets
Hon Hai Aims to Use AI to Expand Its Push into Electric Vehicles
[R] BitNet: Scaling 1-bit Transformers for Large Language Models
Pretzel: Food Diary
How to get into CV industry
Where do you start if you are new to mathematical models
GPT 4 DUDE MAKING REFLEXIONS IN SVG WHAT....WOW
The world's biggest AI models aren't very transparent, Stanford study says
Why It's So Hard to Make Money From Generative AI
Can We Overcome Prompt Brittleness in Large Language Models? Google AI Introduces Batch Calibration for .
Nvidia and Foxconn partner to build  AI factories  for self-driving cars
NolanAI
How Healthcare Can Optimize Cloud Connectivity
Google Research: Language Models Struggle to Self-Correct Reasoning
The Fugees' Pras Michl Says His Lawyers' Use of AI Sent Him to Prison
After 50,000 hours, this AI can play Pokmon Red
Webinar: Fast Track AI to the Edge with NVIDIA TAO and Edge Impulse
Meta Announces New Method for Real-Time Decoding of Images from Brain Activity
NYC mayor says his AI robocalls are so convincing that people are stopping him on .
[R] Meta AI: Towards a Real-Time Decoding of Images from Brain Activity
Stanford Is Ranking Major A.I. Models on Transparency
AI for Dev Tools: Create Software Requirements with Userdoc
Yoshua Bengio fears catastrophic AI risks, calls for 'defense of humanity' organization
Gartner: Generative AI will be everywhere, so strategize now
Appendix to The Techno-Optimist Manifesto
US Further Tightens AI Chip Export Restrictions to China
Breaking Down the  State of AI Report 2023
Analysts Debate Latest U.S. Export Controls
ChatGPT live web browsing exits beta, DALL-E 3 enters beta
UK Pushes Nations to Label AI as Capable of 'Catastrophic Harm'
2023: What's Driving The Breakout Year for Generative AI?
Marc Andreessen publishes 'Techno-Optimist Manifesto', names enemies including 'ESG', 'Trust and Safety'
Google Terrified of Lawsuit That Would  Take a Sledgehammer  to Generative AI
I Tested ChatGPT ADA for a Data Cleaning Task. It's Super Helpful but Fails Logical .
11 Ways to do Machine Learning Better at ODSC West 2023
DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT Plus is helpful but also gave me images of laptops from .
Data Science Methods Drive Business Success
Amazon and MIT are partnering to study how robots impact jobs
New Self-Paced Course: RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark
Embracing Tech: Tools, Not Threats
Skytap announces Integration with Precisely Assure MIMIX
In-demand SAS Certifications for Your Success
Amazon Researchers Present a Deep Learning Compiler for Training Consisting of Three Main Features- a .
The current state of continual learning in AI
Get ready for 'AI factories'
JPA Health acquires True North Solutions, Inc.
You.com x LangChain
IBM expands AWS partnership to bring generative AI to call centers, supply chains
Sneaky Science: Data Dredging Exposed
OpenAI's Sam Altman Says He Has 'No Interest' in Competing With Smartphones
Jasper launches new marketing AI copilot: 'No one should have to work alone again'
US expands chip export curbs to China to throttle AI, supercomputer development
Where are all the entry level jobs? Which MS program should I go for? Some .
AI will remake data centers, OCP says
AI impact on data centers will be 'massive,' OCP says
Building a board game with the TFLite plugin for Flutter
GIGABYTE announces AI Strategy for Consumer Products to Map AI future
Is studying statistics the right choice?
How to supercharge your Google searches with generative AI in Chrome
Hyperscale datacenter capacity set to triple because of AI demand
Fugees' Pras Michl says lawyer bungled his case by using AI to write arguments
Meta's new AI system can generate images from brain data in milliseconds
[R] xVal: A Continuous Number Encoding for Large Language Models - The Polymathic AI Collaboration .
Hacker leaks millions more 23andMe user records on cybercrime forum
Chatbots reveal troubling ability to infer private data
I feel like my employer hired the wrong person
OpenAI is Building an AI Image Detector With '99%' Accuracy
This AI Research Introduces Flash-Decoding: A New Artificial Intelligence Approach Based on FlashAttention to Make .
Microsoft spent $170B+ on acquisitions since Satya Nadella became CEO, helping it to nearly triple .
Duet AI: What Google Workspace Admins Need to Know to Add This Service
Leading CISO Wants More Security Proactivity in Australian Businesses to Avoid Attack 'Surprises'
Python: creating tokens without the Django auth models
The Role of Data Analytics in the Telecom Industry
PitchBook: global AI startup funding rose 27% YoY to $17.9B in Q3, one of the .
At a conference, Sam Altman and other tech leaders say AI may lead to seismic .
UK and Chinese officials say China plans to attend the AI summit at Bletchley Park .
[R] LLMs can threaten privacy at scale by inferring personal information from seemingly benign texts
Sam Altman says he has 'no interest in trying to compete with a smartphone,' following .
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 9/10 to 15/10
Advanced-Data Analysis with GPT4: Mapping European Tourism Trends
Infosys expands Google Cloud partnership to boost AI solutions
IBM to Boost India's AI, Semiconductor, Quantum Computing Research
Tillman Infrastructure Is Seeking a $500 Million Capital Injection
ChatGPT Creator Partners With Abu Dhabi's G42 in Middle East AI Push
Nvidia bets on generative AI for robotics and industrial applications
Clearview AI wins an appeal against the UK's data protection watchdog, which imposed a ~&pound;7.5M .
How AI can help close IoT's growing security gaps to contain ransomware
OpenAI Is in Talks to Sell Shares at an $86 Billion Valuation
Stanford researchers unveil the Foundation Model Transparency Index, with 100 indicators; Llama 2 leads at .
Clearview AI Successfully Appeals $9 Million Fine in the U.K.
5 Things Business Leaders Need to Know About Generative AI
Alluxio Touts 4X Greater GPU Utilization for AI Training
Nvidia sells Foxconn on AI factories that turn raw data into profit
Meetup Soon
Bluebirds bags $5M for sales AI that finds the 'best leads first'
Regulations are still necessary to compel adoption of cybersecurity measures
Tesla profits dip as it invests in factory upgrades and AI development
Midjourney's first mobile app is here.sort of
Rapper Pras' lawyer used AI to defend him in criminal case it did not go well
At TED AI 2023, experts debate whether we've created  the new electricity
What's better as a data scientist  precursor role : a software developer or a business analyst?
pyenv + pipenv (on Mac)
Honda to Start Self-Driving Taxi Service in Japan, CEO Says
Google and Other Alphabet Units Laid Off Staff as Industry Resumes Cost Cuts
YouTube Working on Tool That Lets Creators Sing Like Drake
AI Is Booming. This Is How CEOs Are Using It
Universal Music Publishing Group, Concord Music Group, and ABKCO sue Anthropic, saying it violated copyrights .
7 Best Cloud Database Platforms
Template Method com composio
Those that have moved from a technical position to a leadership/supervisory position, do you regret .
Will Understanding Advanced Data Structures Make Me a Better Data Scientist?
Super-resolution for detecting small objects on image
Adept Releases Fuyu-8B for Multimodal AI Agents
NVIDIA Surprises Everyone with AI Factories
Fugees rapper Pras Michel's ex-lawyer botched his fraud trial by using AI for closing arguments, .
Announcing the 6th Edition of Machine Learning Developers Summit: A Convergence of ML Innovators
NVIDIA Expands Jetson Robotics Platform for Generative AI
Google taps gen-AI to help users in India search through government welfare schemes
LOGO Theme AI
The Rise of Autonomous AI Agents
OpenAI to Sell its Shares for $86 Billion Valuation
What Businesses Should Know about Large Language Models
Mustafa Suleyman, Eric Schmidt, and others propose an IPCC-like International Panel on AI Safety, an .
Global Demand for Data Scientists: Opportunities and Challenges Ahead
Q&A with Yoshua Bengio on nuance in headlines about AI, taboos among AI researchers, and .
Sources: the UK plans to announce an international advisory group on AI, loosely modeled on .
Crossing the AI Chasm: How OpenAI turned LLMs into a mainstream success
Why AI is a Better Programming Teacher Than Humans
Are Pre-Trained Foundation Models the Future of Molecular Machine Learning? Introducing Unprecedented Datasets and the .
TSMC Profit Beats Estimates With Boost From AI Chip Demand
In-Depth Guide to Creating and Publishing an R Data Package Using Devtools
Python Decorators: A Comprehensive Guide
[R] Mamba: Linear-Time Sequence Modeling with Selective State Spaces
Dhruva's Sprint to Space: How to Knock Triple Milestones in No Time
niji journey
Could AI help diagnose schizophrenia?
Q3's tech winners: climate infrastructure, AI startups and Sweden
To excel at engineering design, generative AI must learn to innovate, study finds
Microsoft Azure's Idea2Img: Enabling Automatic Image Design and Generation with Enhanced Image Quality
Radio Starlight
GM, Cruise and Honda to launch robotaxi service in Japan
Sources: YouTube is building an AI tool to let creators record audio using famous musicians' .
[R] MiniGPT-v2: large language model as a unified interface for vision-language multi-task learning
The insane AI power of DALL-E 3
Land your dream job: Build your portfolio with Streamlit
North Korea experiments with AI in cyber warfare: US official
How to use AI being a teacher
A Chunk by Any Other Name: Structured Text Splitting and Metadata-enhanced RAG
40% of Labour Force Will be Affected by AI in 3 Years
Genpact Embraces AI Guru for its Employees
State of the art: The impact of AI and tech on artistry
Government officials debate effectiveness of multilateral relations in cybersecurity
Google Will Make Pixel 8 in India
Researchers from the National University of Singapore propose Show-1: A Hybrid Artificial Intelligence Model that .
How Will Data Science Accelerate the Circular Economy?
Can AI detectors save us from ChatGPT? I tried 5 online tools to find out
UK's global AI summit must provide solutions rather than suggestions
Dhruva Space's Historic 3-in-a-Row Space Missions
Podsee
Why Are Made in India Phones Still Not Cheap?
Artificial Intelligence in fixed income: A paradigm shift
Swarathma Becomes the First Indian Band to Use ChatGPT Live
Teaching AI to behave is the fastest-growing career skill
Vincent English appointed as CEO of PacketFabric
Heard on the Street   10/19/2023
How Oracle is Synonymous with Indian Healthcare
Unraveling the Marvel of ChatGPT Development: A Journey Through Innovation
M42 Introduces Med42: An Open-Access Clinical Large Language Model (LLM) to Expand Access to Medical .
How to fix SyntaxError: invalid syntax errors in Python
Prepare For a Wave of US Politicians Using AI in Their Campaigns
The 3 skills you need to have to grow your career in the age of .
IBM expands Relationship with AWS
#ECAI2023 outstanding paper: Interview with Xuan Liu   multi-agent sparse reward tasks
Step-By-Step Walk-Through of Pytorch Lightning
Researchers Say Guardrails Built Around A.I. Systems Are Not So Sturdy
An Industry Insider Drives an Open Alternative to Big Tech's A.I.
Python  magic  methods - part 1
John Grisham Unloads on Big Tech Using His Books to Train AI
BI meets data science in Microsoft Fabric
How Meta and AI companies recruited striking actors to train AI
Deepmind says AI can help with climate change by understanding, optimizing and accelerating solutions
Clearview AI successfully appeals 7.5m UK data-scraping fine
Mistral-7B Now Available in Google's Vertex AI
OpenAI in talks to sell employee shares at $86 billion valuation
Gartner forecasts Worldwide IT Spending to Grow 8% in 2024
Nulogy and Formic announce strategic partnership
Quick Glossary: Machine Learning
Top 10 Artificial Intelligence Use Cases
AI-Powered Israeli 'Cyber Dome' Defense Operation Comes to Life
LangServe Playground and Configurability
HTML & CSS - 101
Universal Music sues AI company Anthropic for distributing song lyrics
OpenAI rolls out DALL-E 3 access to ChatGPT Plus and Enterprise customers and says it .
TensorRT-LLM for Windows speeds up generative AI performance on GeForce RTX GPUs
Semantic Layer: The Backbone of AI-powered Data Experiences
OpenAI debates when to release its AI-generated image detector
OpenAI is opening up DALL-E 3 access
YouTube wants to launch an AI-powered tool that lets you sound like your favorite singer, .
You may already be on a date with generative AI, thanks to apps like RIZZ .
Time Series Augmentations
Make a Nested Bar Chart with Seaborn
How to Optimize Object Detection Models for Specific Domains
The Big New Features in Photoshop Elements and Premiere Elements 2024
A Machine Learning Engineer's Must-Have Tools
Sam Altman Warns That AI Is Gonna Destroy a Lot of People's Jobs
New Default: Underlined Links for Improved Accessibility (GitHub Blog)
Prompt Hacking and Misuse of LLMs
How to land a job in artificial intelligence and cash in on the hype
Day 72: Advise mentor app
Fine-Tuning LLMs, Anomaly Detection for CRM Data, and the History of Gaming and AI
Biden's Not Pushing U.S. Investors Away From China. China Is
Top Companies in India to Consider for Employment
Waymo's new simulator helps researchers train more realistic agents
AI Is Becoming More Powerful but Also More Secretive
Optimizing Inference on Large Language Models with NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM, Now Publicly Available
Amazon introduces humanoid robots to its warehouses, assures workers their jobs are safe
UMG files landmark lawsuit against AI developer Anthropic
The Future of Generative AI Is the Edge
[rant] Required - A designated tread for transitioning to DS and repeating questions
Key Findings of the Panintelligence Report on AI in the SaaS Industry
Wadhwani AI secures $3.3M Google Grant for Crop Protection in India
GM and Honda to launch Cruise robotaxis in Japan by 2026
New US rules block Nvidia's AI chips for China
SELF-RAG: Improving the Factual Accuracy of Large Language Models through Self-Reflection
Enabling enterprise growth with data intelligence
Pinecone appoints Chuck Fontana as VP of Business Development
GITEX GLOBAL Weighs in on Significant Four Factors on Day 4
I Got Promoted!
Price Drop: Kickstart a New Well-Paid Tech Career With This Training Bundle   Now at .
Constructing knowledge graphs from text using OpenAI functions: Leveraging knowledge graphs to power LangChain Applications
Huawei's Pangu Large Models steal the limelight at AI Everything
Adobe Leading Future Design With New Generative AI Models
Intel is pushing developers to make AI-enabled PC apps
From square to cube: Hardware processing for AI goes 3D, boosting processing power
Strider Technologies announces Generative AI Search Capability
Music publishers sue Amazon-backed AI company, accusing it of 'systematic and widespread' infringement of song .
Best Practices in Retrieval Augmented Generation
Researchers from Stanford, NVIDIA, and UT Austin Propose Cross-Episodic Curriculum (CEC): A New Artificial Intelligence .
I'm banned for life from advertising on Meta. Because I teach Python.
To excel at engineering design, generative AI must first learn to innovate, study finds
Topological Generalisation with Advective Diffusion Transformers
[P] Higgsfield: Distributed LLM training and cluster management framework
[D] Advantage of VAE's compared to regularized AE's
Briefing: Netflix's $8 billion quarter, Figma in limbo, Synthetic UX research
Generative AI and machine learning are engineering the future in these 9 disciplines
Facebook's Kendall Jenner AI Recommends Other Tequilas Over Hers
Meta's Chief AI Guy Says Don't Regulate Us, AI Just Isn't That Smart
SoftBank Looks to Invest $75 Million in OpenAI-Backed Humanoid Robotics Startup
23 Python github issues for Beginners to Foster Development into a Proficient Developer
Two recruiters DM me on LinkedIn then rejected me right away, what should I do .
Use cases of Advanced Math in Data Science and Machine Learning
Adani Group, Prisma AI Partner to Improve Airport Travel with AI
Google for India 2023 Key Highlights
Meta's Yann LeCun says regulating R&D for AI  is incredibly counterproductive  and only serves to .
US v. Google: Pandu Nayak, Google's VP of Search and first witness, testifies that smart .
[R] Curve your Enthusiasm: Concurvity Regularization in Differentiable Generalized Additive Models
How to Save Democracy in the Age of AI
Instagram co-founders' app Artifact now let you discover recommended places, too
New lawsuit accuses Bloomberg, Microsoft, and Meta of training AI with pirated books
PitchYourIdea.ai
AI 'Will Have a Significant Impact on Energy Industry,' EPRI Tells Congress
ChatGPT can now look at the web   for real this time
NVIDIA's STEERLM Approach: Empowering User-Steerable Language Models
Watch Mark Zuckerberg use AI Ray-Bans to guide him through how to braid his daughter's .
Why Language Models Fail: Ways to Enhance AI for Effective Deployments
Could quantum give us the generative AI we're looking for?
Is the genie out of the bottle? Can you trust ChatGPT in scientific writing?
AI Red Team: Machine Learning Security Training
Hulu's $2-per-month student deal for its ad-supported plan is back
The End of Finetuning   with Jeremy Howard of Fast.ai
Can We Generate Hyper-Realistic Human Images? This AI Paper Presents HyperHuman: A Leap Forward in .
The latest AI copyright lawsuit involves Mike Huckabee and his books
Klobuchar Says AI Regulation Still Possible Before End of Year
This AI Research Developed a Noise-Resistant Method for Detecting Object Edges Without Prior Imaging
Meta Researchers Use AI to Generate Images from the Human Brain
Nyriad Makes GPU-Powered Storage Array Available as a Service
Meta's AI chief says OpenAI's and Google Deepmind's AI optimism is overblown
Godfather of AI Tells Us to Stop Freaking Out Over Its  Existential Risk  To Humanity
Exploring a Global Wildlife GIS database
Top 40+ Generative AI Tools (October 2023)
IBM's brain-inspired chip could be the fastest at running AI yet
Simulated Spotify Listening Experiences for Reinforcement Learning with TensorFlow and TF-Agents
Fugees rapper Pras accuses his lawyer of using AI in closing arguments
Trending AI GitHub Repos: Week of October 16, 2023
Stanford Researchers Urge Tech Companies to be More Transparent
First Supernova Discovered by AI
New York City Introduces AI Action Plan
Speech AI Revolution: Explore AssemblyAI's Multilingual Capabilities + New Node SDK
Walmart Looking at AI to Provide a More Personalized Shopping Experience
Python Comes to Google Sheets
The US Has Failed to Pass AI Regulation. New York City Is Stepping Up
Understanding Open Data Architecture and Time Series Data
Music publishers sue Amazon-backed AI company over song lyrics
Tips for a Successful SecOps Game Plan
Augmented Reality Microscope Enables More Accurate Tumor Diagnoses
Here come the 'custobots': AI pervades Gartner's top 10 strategic technology trends
Google, Meta and Apple Win US Approval for Mobile VR Devices
State of the art audio enhancement + noise removal!
The ABCs of Web Development
[D] what metrics do you use to track GPU performance during training and/or inference?
Google Brings Generative AI to Search: Here's What SGE Can Do
The most amazing image I've managed to coax out of AI (Bing + Photoshop)
23andMe is investigating a possible new data leak of 4M users' records on BreachForums; the .
Bringing Generative AI to Life with NVIDIA Jetson
Synthedia 4 - Large Language Model Innovation Conference (Online) is Next Week
Jon Stewart's Apple TV Plus show ends, reportedly over coverage of AI and China
Thrive Capital to Lead Purchase of OpenAI Employee Shares at $80 Billion-Plus Valuation
The World Map with Many Faces   Map Projections
Clinical Trial Outcome Prediction
Cloud-Based Development Platforms: A Comparison of Google Colab and Paperspace
No, They Won't Go: Twitter Diehards Resist X
Major music publishers sue Anthropic for copyright infringement over song lyrics
Build a Text Summarization app using Reflex (Pure Python)
What tech job to get before becoming Data Analyst?
Diving Deep into AI with open-appsec: A Personal Journey of Discovery and Growth
OpenAI brings DALL-E 3 image generator to ChatGPT for Enterprise, teases classifier
5 Ways to Rein in Data Center Consumption in 2024
Seattle's More Pragmatic And Quieter AI Boom
Jon Stewart's Apple TV+ show ends after two seasons, sources say over creative differences; source: .
How to Achieve true AI Alignment?
CodeBehind framework is faster than ASP.NET Core
Problem-Solving with Synthetic Data: A Discussion on Practical Applications
Create your next project with  create-blank-app  CLI
[R] Can Large Language Models Explain Themselves? A Study of LLM-Generated Self-Explanations
Predictive vs Explanatory modeling
Enhancing Reasoning in Large Language Models: Check Out the Hypotheses-to-Theories (HtT) Framework for Accurate and .
AMD unveils the Radeon RX 7900M, the first mobile GPU to use a chiplet design .
The best thing I learned at school can't be replaced by AI. It requires hours .
Data Structures & Algorithms in Data Science
Build an OCR app using fullstack Python Framework Reflex
Researchers from UC Berkeley Propose RingAttention: A Memory-Efficient Artificial Intelligence Approach to Reduce the Memory .
Nvidia's Top Gamer Graphics Card Caught Up in US-China Trade War
[R] Neural Relation Graph: A Unified Framework for Identifying Label Noise and Outlier Data (NeurIPS .
Why Indian IT is Not into Freshers
Samsung and IISc Partner to Set Up a Quantum Technology Lab
Building a Batch Data Pipeline with Athena and MySQL
Adobe Announces 20 AI-Features Across Photoshop and Premiere Elements
Hacktoberfest Machine Learning Projects for JS/TS Developers
Beijing-based generative AI startup Beijing Zhipu Huazhang has raised ~$342M from Alibaba, Tencent, Ant Group, .
The ultra-rich are obsessed with their doomsday bunkers &mdash; but Sam Altman joked they won't .
Square Adds Generative AI Tools for Small Businesses
AMD Introduces Ryzen Threadripper 7000 Series for High-Performance Workstations
Forget  No Code.  Adios  Low Code.  Say hello to  Yes Code!
Why OpenAI Partnered with G42
Alibaba, Tencent Join Big Backers for Chinese AI Startup Zhipu
Anybody ever been drug tested for handling sensitive data?
The new VC USP: Providing chips on tap for their portfolio
Craftman
Any data imputation technique shares?
GitHub Copilot code security: XSS in React
How Many Businesses Use AI?
[Research] Hypernymy-based approach for text-to-image models (Blog post)
Is it better to take a class on 3D understanding, or a course on the .
arXiv Receives $10 Mn Funding
Music companies sue Anthropic AI over song lyrics
Advanced Python: Dot Operator
Jon Stewart's Apple TV+ show reportedly ends following clash over AI and China
The Dall-E 3 image maker is now integrated into ChatGPT
A new YouTube tool will use AI to let you sound like your favorite artist
Mentat AI
AI Testimonial Questions Generator
Engineering Practice for Real-time Feature Store in Decision-Making Machine Learning
Remove image background with python
Noah Insights
Microsoft Researchers Propose DeepSpeed-VisualChat: A Leap Forward in Scalable Multi-Modal Language Model Training
This AI Writing Assistant Helps You Write a Killer Resume for $29.97
Peering Into A.I.'s Black Box, Who's the Real Techno-Optimist? and Reading Ancient Scrolls With A.I.
Steer Health recognized as Top Patient Experience Provider
The Cost of Using LLMs for Enterprise
Meet SwimXYZ: A Synthetic Dataset of Swimming Motions and Videos Containing 3.4M Frames Annotated with .
People are grieving the 'death' of their AI companions after a chatbot app abruptly shut .
Latimer Sets Path to Create Equity in the Future of AI
How Recast AI Improves Your Daily Reading Lifestyle and Boosts Productivity
NVIDIA AI is Now on Oracle Cloud Marketplace
Viz.ai honored by Goldman Sachs for Entrepreneurship
97K in Atlanta?
[D] Communities thoughts on r/singularity and other non-technical machine learning subreddits?
[D] Future AI development on accessible hardware?
Highlights from Shiny in Production (2023)
Building a local PC/workstation for Computer Vision Research.
AI chatbots are supposed to improve health care. But research says some are perpetuating racism
Nvidia could be working on Super variants of the RTX 4000 series, including a 16GB .
ChatGPT, Crime & the Impact on Law Enforcement
SourceCode Labs expand to Accelerate Co-Design Strategy
Nvidia Dip-Buyers Burned by US Chip Battle With China
Amazon is Testing Humanoids in its Warehouses
AI and Crypto Could Achieve So Much More Together
How marketers are using AI to make the customer-service experience faster, more targeted, and more .
Why LLaVa-1.5 is a Great Victory for Open-Source AI
AWS, IBM Consulting Expand Generative AI Service Partnership
IBM's NorthPole chip runs AI-based image recognition 22 times faster than current chips
Embodied AI spins a pen and helps clean the living room in new research
NVIDIA's latest AI model helps robots perform pen spinning tricks as well as humans
New Nvidia AI agent, powered by GPT-4, can train robots
Israel's GenAI-Backed End Game
Hard Reset Podcast: Cars | Episode #8
Photograph of puddles reflecting the sky on a cobbled street.
DALL.E-3 Now in ChatGPT
Why Google, Bing and other search engines' embrace of generative AI threatens $68 billion SEO .
DALL-E 3 now available for paid ChatGPT accounts, artists can opt out
Automating generative AI development
Luzia lands $10 million in funding to expand its WhatsApp-based chatbot
Paying ChatGPT Customers Now Have Access to DALL-E 3
Introduction to Databases with SQL: Free Harvard Course
You're wrongly conditioned by sci-fi to believe robots want to kill humans, Meta's AI boss .
'Here is the news. You can't stop us': AI anchor Zae-In grants us an interview
AMD's new flagship Radeon RX 7900M mobile GPU comes with 4,608 cores & 16GB VRAM
How to Use Exploratory Notebooks [Best Practices]
Do androids dream of electric tills? AI is moving into retail
Your expertise needed: weigh in on the ML Insider 2023 Survey
The US' tighter chip rules may leave Alibaba and Baidu relying on outdated and stockpiled .
Sunak's global AI safety summit risks achieving very little, warns tech boss
Fugees Rapper Says His Lawyer Lost His Case by Using AI
Baidu Rolls Out Ernie 4.0 Generative AI Model Rivaling GPT-4
Celera appoints Pat Brockett as CEO and Alberto Viviani as COO
Putting a Real Face on Deepfake Porn
Why AI progress hitting the brakes is more likely than world domination
[R] AgentTuning: Enabling Generalized Agent Abilities for LLMs - Tsinghua University 2023 - Agent-tuned open .
Fastest way to get SAP HANA data into Databricks using SAP FedML
How to learn the math behind machine learning and deep learning Models?
[R] Large Language Models as Analogical Reasoners
Microsoft CEO unravels ChatGPT, ethical AI, and going bust
Faze Clan acquired for $17 million, one year after its $725 million SPAC
Alluxio Launches Enterprise Platform for Generative AI Apps
How Machine Learning Can Be Used to Cut Energy Bills
Web Scraping to Data Visuals with GPT-4: An Introductory Tutorial
Fine Tuning Isn't the Hammer for Every Machine Learning Nail
OpenAI in Talks for Deal That Would Value Company at $80 Billion
Does ChatGPT Mark the End of the Voice Assistant Era or is it a False .
3 Ways to Make Money with ChatGPT and AI
This AI development bundle is only $50 through Oct. 23
How AI Helps Diversify Pool of Candidates for Clinical Trials
Does Siri dream of ChatGPT?
Top Pentagon official warns against use of generative AI in military
Nvidia's CEO gave a super honest account of what it's like to start your own .
The Rise of Austin's Tech Sector with Jay Boisseau
AI's Impact on the Recruitment Industry with Netflix's Technical Recruiting Researcher
Why do Data Science Products Fail? Walmart's Data Science Director
Multi-Vector Retriever for RAG on tables, text, and images
AI in the Advancement of Precision Nutrition
The Convergence of AI, IoT, and Quantum with Informa's Jena Howell
Want to Slash Cloud Data Processing Costs? Explore the Top 5 Optimization Techniques
These 27 robotics companies are hiring
Evolution of AI in Business with Informa's Rajat Kotra
[Week of 10/16] LangChain Release Notes
Jaromir Dzialo, Exfluency: How companies can benefit from LLMs
What to use instead of '@ember/string'
Music Industry Sues Anthropic for Alleged Theft of Lyrics
First look: Dropbox drops new AI tools for knowledge workers
Why we must teach AI to empathize with us
Why companies aren't using generative AI
Apple Reportedly Cancels Jon Stewart's Show Over His AI and China Talking Points
Learning Rust  : 18 - Rust Collections: HashMaps, accessing values with keys instead of indices
Source: Reddit is considering putting its content behind a log-in page if it fails to .
Online Protest Planned Over DALL-E 3 Censorship
AI holds promise for fast-tracking treatment and personalizing medicine &mdash; but it may not come .
Nvidia Research announces Eureka, a new AI agent powered by OpenAI's GPT-4 to autonomously write .
RLHF: Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback
Wolfram in the Wild: New Books for Mastering Calculus, Complex Variables and More
[D] Is anyone else tired of  whatever OpenAI does is the best!  narrative?
People say to get your foot on the door. But at what cost?
A Brief History of the Neural Networks
Techniques, Challenges, and Future of Augmented Language Models
Amazon's Andy Jassy Plans to Crash the AI Party
Calling All Python Enthusiasts: Join Us in Contributing to Our Open-Source Project!
World's biggest bat colony gathers in Zambia every year: we used artificial intelligence to count .
UK's fastest supercomputer will be built in a car park in Bristol
Meta announces Habitat 3.0, a simulator that supports robots and humanoid avatars, and HomeRobot, a .
Luzia closes $10M Series A financing led by Khosla Ventures
China's tech titans race to invest $340M in OpenAI challenger
Ready Player Me Launches Premium Metaverse Avatar Skins Catalog for Developers
Thoughts on DS roles
Jorie AI's Vibrant Debut at HLTH 2023
WiMi proposed Multi-View Fusion Algorithm Based on AI, ML
[D] People working for (relatively) large organisations. How are LLMs accessed by employees within your .
MonArt
OpenAI's Valuation Reportedly Set To Hit At Least $80B; China-Based Competitor Announces $342M In Investments
Tape It's software for musicians aims to delivers studio-quality noise reduction via AI
Jeff Kofman, Founder & CEO of Trint   Interview Series
How to ask for more money as a software developer
With Generative AI Advances, The Time to Tackle Responsible AI Is Now
Speechify Review: The Ultimate Text-to-Speech App in 2023?
Hacktoberfest PR 3
3D-GPT: A new method for procedural Text-to-3D model generation
NetApp Report Reveals Urgent Need For Unified Data Storage
That AI You're Using Was Trained By Slave Labor, Basically
I have never had a manager in my entire career that provided any value to .
What's one file or other digital resource which if deleted would most affect the world?
Mind-blowing' IBM chip speeds up AI
ASML Says New US Curbs Risk Hitting China Sales in Medium Term
Next Generation Wireless: A Guide to the Fundamentals of 6G
Q&A with Chris Cox on Meta's plans to incorporate AI into its products, making AI .
KAIST Researchers Propose SyncDiffusion: A Plug-and-Play Module that Synchronizes Multiple Diffusions through Gradient Descent from .
Meet ScaleCrafter: Unlocking Ultra-High-Resolution Image Synthesis with Pre-trained Diffusion Models
Quantum Computing for Complete Beginners
10 Pitfalls to Keep in Mind with AI Software Development
6 Magic Commands for Jupyter Notebooks in Python Data Science
OpenAI explains some secret sauce of DALL-E 3 and shares Midjourney comparison
IBM has made a new, highly efficient AI processor
Skylum is Adding Generative AI into Luminar Neo
Intel's new acceleration program is pushing for 100 million AI PCs by 2025
Microsoft would like to remind you that they are all-in on AI
Effective Strategies for Addressing K-Means Initialization Challenges
How to Install AutoGen on Your Local Computer in 13 Simple Steps.
Reddit is considering a soft paywall if AI companies don't pay up
Dimensionality Reduction with Scikit-Learn: PCA Theory and Implementation
'Nothing is changing': Reddit flatly denies report that it might wall off its content
Dataset splitting by time & why you should do it
CLIP, Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
10 Best Password Manager Tools (October 2023)
Forget About AI Girlfriends. Here's What the Future of Human-AI Relationships Looks Like
Univariate Discrete Distributions: An Easy-to-Understand Explanation
Random Numbers in Machine Learning
Oh, you meant  manage change ?
Jon Stewart's show on Apple TV+ is reportedly coming to an end amid disagreements around .
QLoRA: Training a Large Language Model on a 16GB GPU.
The AI Evolution Will Happen Faster Than Computing Evolution
Thanks to AI, the future of programming may involve YELLING IN ALL CAPS
Study shows AI program could verify Wikipedia citations, improving reliability
Synergy of LLM and GUI, Beyond the Chatbot
Why LLMs, which don't induce an algorithm that computes multiplication, still don't truly understand multiplication .
Reshaping the Model's Memory without the Need for Retraining
How to Disable Windows 11 Copilot Through Registry File or Group Policy Editor
A new robot vacuum that connects to your home's water supply is now on Kickstarter
AI brings a lot more to the DevOps experience than meets the eye
[R] Bayesian Optimization-based Combinatorial Assignment
Meta: From Metaverse Nightmare to AI Success
Researchers propose 3D-GPT: combining LLMs and agents for procedural Text-to-3D model generation
Generative AI WhatsApp Chatbot Startup Luzia Raises $10M
Milvus Adventures
DIY Studio Setup: How to Produce Professional Corporate Videos From Home
5 Ideas to Foster Data Scientists/Analysts Engagement Without Suffocating in Meetings
Understanding Retention with Gradio
The Untold Side of RAG: Addressing Its Challenges in Domain-Specific Searches
Choosing the best tool for running Stable Diffusion with Paperspace
How to Create a Django Project and Application.
[R] MemGPT: Towards LLMs as Operating Systems - UC Berkeley 2023 - Is able to .
Hugging Face confirms  regrettable accessibility issues in China , after a report that the platform has .
Robot dogs, tech bros and virtual Geisha girls: when SXSW came to Sydney
Tristan Handy's Audacious Vision of the Future of Data Engineering
Sell Like Crazy with This One ChatGPT Prompt
[D] Transformers are basically CNNs?
How important is the school you went to?
[R] In-Context Pretraining: Language Modeling Beyond Document Boundaries
Stay at current job or take data science role at Big4?
SQL got really rusty. Need help
London-based Samaya AI unveils an AI tool that suggests better Wikipedia references for citations the .
CountVectorizer to Extract Features from Texts in Python, in Detail
Nine Rules to Formally Validate Rust Algorithms with Dafny (Part 2)
Best Remote Data Science Degrees
How-to Setup and Use Python with OBS on a Mac
Luiza Nets $10M in Funding for Generative AI Assistant That Lives in WhatsApp and Telegram
Bugs in the ChatGPT app reveal internal natural language prompts shared between DALL-E 3 and .
Google expands consumer and merchant credit features on Google Pay in India, launches new generative .
CMU Researchers Introduce MultiModal Graph Learning (MMGL): A New Artificial Intelligence Framework for Capturing Information .
ChatGPT and Bard cannot solve every problem for you.
Harnessing Machine Learning to Revolutionize Materials Research
Sunak's AI Guest List Risks Falling Short as Leaders Hold Back
Is it useful to take a statistics class for computer vision?
Meta Develops Invisible Watermarks to Track AI Image Origins
What is Natural Language Processing? Examples Explained
3D-GPT generates 3D worlds in Blender
For all the Developers!    | The Best Interview Coding Question
10 Basic Statistical Concepts in Plain English
SalesForce AI Introduces CodeChain: An Innovative Artificial Intelligence Framework For Modular Code Generation Through A .
Are GPU Prices Going Up Now? October GPU Pricing Update
Dev News: Angular's New Loading, an AI Compiler, and JS Runs Wasm
ISRO Achieves Milestone in Gaganyaan Mission with Successful Escape System Test
A Team of Researchers from Germany has Developed DeepMB: A Deep-Learning Framework Providing High-Quality and .
Singularity Pinball.
Baidu's Ernie 4 Aims to Outshine GPT-4
Maybe it makes sense to yell at ChatGPT or say  please  after all
All about Collections Module in Python
Research Highlights: Dremio Demonstrates Data Lakehouse Value with Math-Style Proof and Technical Clarity
My startup's AI tool is helping Ukraine on the battlefield
10 AI Tools That Are Similar To ChatGPT
[D] Encoder vs Decoder Transformer for Token Classification
Bill Gates does not expect GPT-5 to be much better than GPT-4
[D] [P] Web browsing UI-based AI agent: GPT-4V-Act
What Is LangChain? Unlocking the Potential of LLMs
OpenAI Image Generator Draws Pictures of Children Smoking Cigarettes
Nvidia Eureka shows AI trains robots better than humans can
6 Must-Know Autonomous AI Agents
Roche Taps AI to Find Lung Cancer Patients After Trial Success
Research: ChatGPT, GPT-4, Bard, and Claude had instances of promoting harmful, inaccurate, race-based content when .
Why should I learn Java if Python have libraries offset it shortfall?
DS to MLE
Create your own Azure Openai Platform
Oracle loops in Nvidia's AI stack for end-to-end model development
Adversarial and variational autoencoders improve metagenomic binning
PetBERT: automated ICD-11 syndromic disease coding for outbreak detection in first opinion veterinary electronic health .
This AI entrepreneur fasts for 23 hours a day. He says it helps him get .
This week in AI: Can we trust DeepMind to be ethical?
Alan Wake II assumes everyone will use upscaling, even at 1080p
Collecting Data with Apache Airflow on a Raspberry Pi
Detection of Multicollinearity in Data sets using Statistical Testing.
Demystifying Generative Artificial Intelligence: An In-Depth Dive into Diffusion Models and Visual Computing Evolution
PyrOSM: working with Open Street Map data
Python for Data Engineers
Large Language Models: TinyBERT   Distilling BERT for NLP
Singly Linked Lists
GPT-4 Doesn't Know It's Wrong: An Analysis of Iterative Prompting for Reasoning Problems
A look at the Allen Institute for AI's plan to build  open  generative AI model .
Spotify's AI Chief Wants to Remix Our Relationship With Discovery
Training AI to Play Pokemon with Reinforcement Learning
Researchers unveil '3D-GPT', an AI that can generate 3D worlds from simple text commands
Web Summit loses Google, Meta, Intel, Siemens after founder's Israel-Palestine post on X and apology
Oracle loops in Nvidia AI for end-to-end model development
Meet MatFormer: A Universal Nested Transformer Architecture for Flexible Model Deployment Across Platforms
Accelerate Your Career      by Contributing to these 9 Repositories
Is pytorch not good for production
OpenAI Finally Allows ChatGPT Complete Internet Access
Humanoid robots face a major test with Amazon's Digit pilots
Sources: Joe Biden, Justin Trudeau, and most other G7 leaders plan to skip UK's Bletchley .
[R] Eureka: Human-Level Reward Design via Coding Large Language Models
Ex manager sort of threatened me
Close up view of rain hitting dust.
Feeling lost and miserable as a CS grad
All The Right Friends: how does Google Scholar rank co-authors?
[D] What is the current SOTA of self-supervised knowledge graph models?
How often do companies outsource for entry-level data roles?
100 Days Later, SAG-AFTRA Maintains Its Conviction to Strike
AI RPG (Dall-E 3)
Math and comp sci a good double major for a future career in data science?
[P] [D] Hierarchical agent learns all possible policies. Would this implementation work?
Is handling errors with Random Forest more superior compared to mean or zero imputation?
Enhancing AI Interaction: A Guide to Prompt Engineering
[R] Decoupling Features and Classes with Self-Organizing Class Embeddings
Computer Vision Project Ideas [Project]
AI, ML, Big Data News
NVIDIA Blackwell B100 GPUs To Feature SK Hynix HBM3e Memory, Launches In Q2 2024 Due To Rise In AI Demand
This AI entrepreneur fasts for 23 hours a day. He says it helps him get to the 'most extreme levels.'
A look at the Allen Institute for AI's plan to build  open  generative AI model OLMo; the nonprofit research center is led by former Apple ML leader Ali Farhadi (Steve Lohr/New York Times)
Google, other search engines' use of generative AI threatens $68B SEO industry
AI pioneers Yann LeCun and Yoshua Bengio clash in an intense online debate over AI safety and governance
A Team of Researchers from Germany has Developed DeepMB: A Deep-Learning Framework Providing High-Quality and Real-Time Optoacoustic Imaging via MSOT
Research: ChatGPT, GPT-4, Bard, and Claude had instances of promoting harmful, inaccurate, race-based content when responding to nine medical questions (Associated Press)
NVIDIA AI Unveils SteerLM: A New Artificial Intelligence Method that Allows Users to Customize the Responses of Large Language Models (LLMs) During Inference
Researchers from Yale and Google Introduce HyperAttention: An Approximate Attention Mechanism Accelerating Large Language Models for Efficient Long-Range Sequence Processing
Meet PIXART-: A Transformer-Based T2I Diffusion Model Whose Image Generation Quality is Competitive with State-of-the-Art Image Generators
Meta's Yann LeCun says regulating R&D for AI  is incredibly counterproductive  and only serves to reinforce the dominance of Big Tech and stifle competition (John Thornhill/Financial Times)
AI, ML, Big Data
Orientao a Objetos em Python: Fundamentos e Prtica
This AI Research Proposes FireAct: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach to Fine-Tuning Language Models with Trajectories from Multiple Tasks and Agent Methods
Gary Gensler says it's  nearly unavoidable  that AI will cause a financial crisis if many institutions rely on the same underlying base model or data aggregator (Financial Times)
SalesForce AI Introduces CodeChain: An Innovative Artificial Intelligence Framework For Modular Code Generation Through A Chain of Self-Revisions With Representative Sub-Modules
Meet MindGPT: A Non-Invasive Neural Decoder that Interprets Perceived Visual Stimuli into Natural Languages from fMRI Signals
Jon Stewart's show on Apple TV+ is reportedly coming to an end amid disagreements around China and AI
Sources: Joe Biden, Justin Trudeau, and most other G7 leaders plan to skip UK's Bletchley Park AI summit in November, denting the profile of the event (Bloomberg)
OpenAI has quietly changed its core values, and being 'thoughtful' and 'audacious' no longer makes the cut
This AI Paper Introduces Lemur and Lemur Chat For Harmonizing Natural Language and Code For Language Agents
It is 'nearly unavoidable' that AI will cause a financial crash within a decade, SEC head says
Hugging Face confirms  regrettable accessibility issues in China , after a report that the platform has been unavailable in the country since at least September (Louise Matsakis/Semafor)
Where do the data nerds hang out?
Crafting Multi-Chapter Narratives with AI: A Journey into Automated Storytelling
[D] PRML reading buddy
NYC Mayor Eric Adams uses AI to make robocalls in languages he doesn't speak, raising ethical issues over making voters think he can speak their native language (Katie Honan/The City)
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says ChatGPT would have passed for an AGI 10 years ago
Generative AI: Redefining the Economics of Software Development
Researchers from the University of Amsterdam and Qualcomm AI Presents VeRA: A Novel Finetuning AI Method that Reduces the Number of Trainable Parameters by 10x Compared to LoRA
Displaying air quality data in the terminal
Prep School Appoints AI Chatbots to Executive Staff Roles
Martin Goetz, holder of the first US software patent, died on October 10 at 93; Goetz was awarded a patent for data-sorting software for mainframes in 1968 (Richard Sandomir/New York Times)
AI the Muse for Modern Artists
Inside Apple's Big Plan to Bring Generative AI to All Its Devices
Is AI more creative than the human brain? I doubt it   and I definitely want humans to stay in charge | Stefan Stern
Apple Supplier Foxconn to Work With China on Unspecified Probes
Here's the 6 personality traits you need to found a successful startup
ChatPDF
Apple Reportedly Ditched Jon Stewart Because They Didn't Like His Thoughts About AI
[R] Demo of  Flow-Lenia: Towards open-ended evolution in cellular automata through mass conservation and parameter localization  (link to paper in the comments)
Lonely Redditors Heartbroken When AI  Soulmate  App Suddenly Shuts Down
[D] Which is the best physics engine for reinforcement learning??
Experimented with Fully Automating TikTok Video Creation Using AI for a Month - Here's What I Learned
Google AI Presents PaLI-3: A Smaller, Faster, and Stronger Vision Language Model (VLM) that Compares Favorably to Similar Models that are 10x Larger
Fuyu-8B Makes the Case for Simple, Fast, and Powerful Generative AI Models
NYC Mayor Eric Adams uses AI voice for multilingual robocalls
Researchers from Germany create DeepMB for faster, high-quality optoacoustic imaging in real-time
What a rough market to find a ds role without industry experience!
[D] ForeCastNet. Neural PDEs perform global weather simulation 4 to 5 orders of magnitude faster than traditional numerical methods.
Greening AI: 7 Strategies to Make Applications More Sustainable
A[r]xiv Dives - Generating Speech from Text with Fast Speech-2
German researchers create DeepMB for faster, high-quality optoacoustic imaging [N]
[D] What do you all think of these pearls of wisdom on  Doing Great Research ?
Data Machina #224
Don't expect ChatGPT to help you land your next job
The Best Available Human Standard
A New AI Research from China Proposes 4K4D: A 4D Point Cloud Representation that Supports Hardware Rasterization and Enables Unprecedented Rendering Speed
CatGPT - or How to Position Elements on Overlays
Meet FastEmbed: A Fast and Lightweight Text Embedding Generation Python Library
Researchers from UCSD and Microsoft Introduce ColDeco: A No-Code Inspection Tool for Calculated Columns
AI RPG DALL-E 3
Bored at work? AI won't take your job, it will just make it more interesting, Google exec says
I upgraded my AI girlfriend. and now she remembers stuff about me..
Introducing Bloggy: The Open-Source Blogging Platform Built with Python and Django
A New AI Study from MIT Shows How Deep Neural Networks Don't See the World the Way We Do
[R] Do you read ML/DL/AI related scientific papers? How do you filter them?
AI diagnoses brain tumors in 90 minutes or less
Build A Web App Using Django
Pandas-based library for graphing emotion events with LMs for in-depth sentiment analysis
ChatGPT is not a good psychotherapist, researchers warn
Data labeling service for keypoints / pose [D]
Assessing the strategic centers for VR and AI business success
Google Cloud Commits to Protect Customers for Generative AI Indemnification
Top AI Shops Fail Transparency Test
[P] Graphing emotion events with LMs for in-depth sentiment analysis
Publishers battle generative AI companies over content compensation
Recruitment by robot: how AI is changing the way Australians get jobs
Why do some companies have such a terrible, awful interview process?
An Introduction To Analytics Engineering
Apple has 'a lot of anxiety' about ChatGPT and generative AI - Report
Tokyo-based, KKR-owned chipmaking equipment maker Kokusai Electric raised $724.4M in its IPO, after pricing shares at ~$12.30, valuing the company at ~$2.8B (Reuters)
This is how to futureproof your career in an AI world, says IBM's CEO
Balancing Urgency vs. Sustainability as an Analytics Team
How to Optimize Multidimensional Numpy Array Operations with Numexpr
How do you guys practise using MySQL
Sources: Apple was caught off guard by the generative AI fever and is on course to spend ~$1B/year to deploy the tech across iOS 18, Siri, Music, and other apps (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Vector Search Is Not All You Need
Will Generative AI Search Kill Traditional Search and SEO at the Same Time?
Stanford researchers unveil the Foundation Model Transparency Index, with 100 indicators; Llama 2 leads at 54%, GPT-4 is third at 48%, PaLM 2 is fifth at 40% (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
Victims of Deepfakes Are Fighting Back
Balancing Innovation and Sustainability: Unpacking the Environmental Impact of Generative AI
Could machine learning produce a  simple  AI algorithm that performs better than what a human programmer could create in a reasonable amount of time?
Q&A with Fei-Fei Li and NTIA head Alan Davidson on regulating AI, US and China tech competition, the representation of women and PoC in AI discussions, and more (Wall Street Journal)
Jon Stewart's Apple TV+ show ends after two seasons, sources say over creative differences; source: Stewart said China and AI topics concerned Apple executives (New York Times)
AI This Week: One of the Music Industry's Biggest Labels is Suing Anthropic
Robocorp's code generation assistant makes building Python automation easy for developers
Self-learning AI Movement Prediction: Beyond Airstriker Genesis to multi-directional predictions
The ultra-rich are obsessed with their doomsday bunkers &mdash; but Sam Altman joked they won't really matter if there's an AI apocalypse
Meet OmniControl: An Artificial Intelligence Approach for Incorporating Flexible Spatial Control Signals into a Text-Conditioned Human Motion Generation Model Based on the Diffusion Process
The AI workforce: Coming soon to an office near you
R to Python
[R] Speeding up open source LLMs with speculative decoding
AI News Roundup: Microsoft Wants to Pay You to Mess with Bing AI
Microsoft Wants to Store Data on Glass
Tried visualizing an entire script using Dall-E 3 and these are the results.
Instagram's latest test feature turns users' photos into stickers for Reels and Stories
Weeknotes: PyBay, AI Engineer Summit, Datasette metadata and JavaScript plugins
Patrick Newman's Software Engineering Management Checklist
Solving the Engineering Strategy Crisis
Do you remember the syntax of the tools you use?
[R] Combining Thermodynamics and Diffusion Models for Collision-Free Robot Motion Planning
The Music Industry's First Reckoning With AI Is Upon Us
Why Google, Bing and other search engines' embrace of generative AI threatens $68 billion SEO industry
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella talks AI, closing the Activision Blizzard deal, and his best business decision so far
The Changing Landscape of Data Science
NeobrutalismCSS - A Classless CSS Library
Review:  Waymo Robotaxis in San Francisco
Britain's Big AI Summit Is a Doom-Obsessed Mess
Building an Instill AI Pipeline in 5 minutes
Medical Student Question: Why aren't there any programs that do differential diagnosis for doctor?
Can 1X Break SoftBank's Robotics Curse?
iPhone Assembler Hon Hai Dives After China Starts Probes
Snoop Dogg, sentient AI and the 'Arrival Mind Paradox'
AI Firms Dominate Peak XV's Latest Program to Boost Startups
Q&amp;A with Satya Nadella: AI as Microsoft's biggest opportunity, regrets on missing the mobile phone category, and doubling down as a game publisher and producer (Mathias D&ouml;pfner/Insider)
DALLE 3: Improving Image Generation with Better Captions
Apple's been relatively quiet about AI &mdash; but it's been pouring billions into research, and that could mean a 'smarter' Siri
A profile of Scale AI, which has a $249M contract to provide AI tech to the US DoD, and was the first AI company to have an LLM deployed on a classified network (Gerrit De Vynck/Washington Post)
Meta announces Habitat 3.0, a simulator that supports robots and humanoid avatars, and HomeRobot, a home robot hardware and software platform (Mike Wheatley/SiliconANGLE)
TCS' Obsession With Generative AI
The UK's Best Hope for Tech Prowess Sits in Its Labs, Not Apps or AI
Rapid Prototyping of AI Agents with Hotswappable Components - Introducing Roy
The obsession/hate for DS undergrad degrees
Peak XV's latest Surge batch is 77% AI and deeptech startups
Nvidia Research announces Eureka, a new AI agent powered by OpenAI's GPT-4 to autonomously write reward algorithms and teach robots complex skills (Sharon Goldman/VentureBeat)
Native Linux Users: How do you setup your DS Environment?
Email Ai
Microsoft, Sony Among AI Winners in Games, Morgan Stanley Says
What Innovative Possibilities Does Generative AI Unlock?
Investors Bet Samsung's Smaller Memory Chip Rival SK Hynix Will Be an AI Winner
IBM's NorthPole chip runs AI image recognition 22x faster than current chips
Transformer Neural Network: Revolutionizing Sequence Transduction
Zoho Craves NVIDIA GPUs
What problems would you like to be solved?
[D] Understanding the math behind diffusion models
Giyst: Using AI to trim videos that cater to modern attention spans
Differentiable Slang: Example Applications
Fuyu-8B
Free Google Analytics Alternative: Quickstart with Umami Analytics
Businesses fear generative AI will cause 'catastrophic' cyberattacks
Dynamically Updating Power Virtual Agents
While tech companies play with OpenAI's API, this startup believes small, in-house AI models will win
Traffik Analytics
Differentiable Slang: A Shading Language for Renderers That Learn
New GenAI capabilities announced at Deltek ProjectCon 2023
5 lines of Python code to change the posture of photography
Did a computer write this? Book industry grapples with AI
[D] Is Computer Vision dead? -  Quo Vadis, Computer Vision?
Are You A Techno Optimist or Pessimist?
Japan drafts guidelines to tackle overreliance on AI technology
Generative AI: Powering Brands in the Entertainment World
Generative AI to Help Material Forecasting at Tesla
What AI won't replace in your programming
Alphawave Semi appoints Rahul Mathur as Chief Financial Officer
People Moves Monday: J O Hambro Capital Management, Ninety One, Credit Suisse and Capital Group
Precision Construction: How John Deere is Making Construction Equipment Smarter
Futureproofing Cybersecurity For Cities with the City of Austin's Trent Fox
Apple to Bring Generative AI to Siri
insideBIGDATA Latest News   10/23/2023
Peak XV Unveils Ninth Cohort, 77% AI and Deep Tech Startups
Q&A: The human-machine relationship requires mutual understanding, respect for AI
Veteran VC and OpenAI investor Vinod Khosla says he used ChatGPT to write a rap for his daughter's wedding
What Does the Future Hold for SMEs with the Disruption of AI?
Microsoft Security Copilot opens for early access
From Rhetoric to Reality: Navigating the Possible Perils of AI
Apple is reportedly working on bringing generative AI to its devices
9 Must Apply Summer 2024 Internship Programs
CopyPartner
Addressing AI hallucinations with retrieval-augmented generation
Code for sliding headlines on website JS , CSS and HTML
Data Done Right Can Successfully Power Generative AI
Teaching the Next Generation Military Officers about Emerging Tech
Replace any object in a photograph with Stable Diffusion Python SDK.
The Realities of Software Development with an Amazon Engineer
SEC boss warns it's 'nearly unavoidable' that AI will cause financial crash
Revolutionizing E-commerce with AIOps and ChatGPT: The Future of Customer Engagement
AI and Open Source in 2023
Inside Sequoia Capital's Growing AI Portfolio
Q&A with Chris Cox on Meta's plans to incorporate AI into its products, making AI chatbots with personality, like Snoop Dogg playing a dungeon master, and more (Wall Street Journal)
AI is causing panic for authors: Now the courts are involved
Guest Post: LLMs & humans: The perfect duo for data labeling
Reddit says it can survive without search; wants to block Google and Bing
h2oGPT and LLM Studio simplify work with open-source language models
'AI Images' of Hamas Leaders 'Living in Luxury' Are Actually Upscaled
Market stability key as regulators battle to keep up with technological developments
AI Frameworks Reduce Generative AI's Risks
PyTorch 2.1 detailed at PyTorch Conference 2023
The Electric: Bunkers, Blasts and Production Hell An Afternoon With SES AI Founder Qichao Hu
Ex-ASML Staff Accused of Theft Went to Work for Huawei, NRC Says
Dutch media reports that a former ASML employee accused of stealing data went to work for Huawei in China in 2022; it's unclear if they still work for Huawei (Cagan Koc/Bloomberg)
Revolutionizing Robot Learning: NVIDIA's Eureka Aces Complex Tasks
Apple's job listings suggest it plans to infuse AI in multiple products
The Growth Behind LLM-based Autonomous Agents
Speaker Diarization: Adding Speaker Labels for Enterprise Speech-to-Text
UK risks scandal over 'bias' in AI tools in use across public sector
[R] Biologically plausible vision models for classification and grasping tasks
'Extremely bearish' chart formation signals the top 7 Big Tech stocks including Apple, Nvidia, and Tesla face elevated risk of a selloff
Can ChatGPT self-explain its predictions?
Java News Roundup: Unnamed Variables and Patterns, WildFly 30, MicroProfile 6.1, Payara Platform
India Sees A Surge in Semiconductor Jobs
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/22/2023
Abstracts: October 23, 2023
AI-Assisted Living with Home Robots
Embeddings: What they are and why they matter
UK needs AI legislation to create trust so companies can 'plug AI into British economy'   report
MIT Researchers Introduce a New Training-Free and Game-Theoretic AI Procedure for Language Model Decoding
What are the non-data scientist tasks that you still do in your data scientist role?
UK officials use AI to decide on issues from benefits to marriage licences
Generating Faces Using Variational Autoencoders with PyTorch
Paytm Founder Launches $4 Million Fund to Bet on AI, EVs
An internal Qualcomm document details the upcoming Snapdragon 8 Gen 3, including support for new AI camera tools, like removing objects and expanding photos (Rafly Pratama/MSPoweruser)
Microsoft plans to spend $3.2B to expand its AI and cloud in Australia over two years, aiming to boost computing capacity by 250% and train 300K Australians (Byron Kaye/Reuters)
Databricks plans to acquire enterprise data firm Arcion, which raised $18M+, for $100M; Databricks raised $500M last month and bought MosaicML for $1.3B in June (Hayden Field/CNBC)
Privacy in the age of generative AI
GPUs' Latest Magic Act: Securing Data Center Debt; Amazon's Doubling Down on AI Chips
TREND Health acquires PrecisionGx
Beyond Text: Making GenAI Applications Accessible to All
The power of green computing
Many Mac users already routinely use generative AI
Accelerate SF: Meet the former tech employees who want to use AI for social good in San Francisco
'Household restocking' startup The Rounds uses tech and AI to make sustainable e-commerce profitable
Adaptive optical neural network connects thousands of artificial neurons
Qualcomm's next big Snapdragon chip has leaked, and it's full of AI features
Experts Rethink Enterprise in Digitisation era as GITEX GLOBAL Closes
We Are Launching Research on AI Alignment And Trust
IBM Debuts Brain-Inspired Chip For Speedy, Efficient AI
Deutsche Telekom and SK Telecom partner on telco-focused LLM
Artificial intelligence predicts the future of artificial intelligence research
Look! Up in the Clouds! It's a noun! It's a verb! It's Super Observability
Huawei 's  Bango   steals spotlight at  AI in Everything  Forum
Knowledge Series #10 - DevOps Explained
What do fellow Data Science Directors do?
Graph of Thoughts: A New Paradigm for Elaborate Problem-Solving in Large Language Models
Nvidia Leverages GPT-4 for New Robot-Training AI Agent
FLaNK Stack Weekly 23 Oct 2023
The GenAI Data Developer Experience: Performance Optimization
CIOs assess generative AI's risk and reward for software engineers
Tripmix.ai
GPT-4 can infer your income, location or gender from chats
How to use retrieval augmented generation with Chromadb and Mistral-7b-Instruct
With AI, organizations are now seeing software developers as great collaborators
pgvector vs Pinecone: cost and performance
How to Protect Your Digital Identity in the Era of AI-Enhanced Imagery
AI and Open Source in 2023: A Review of the Year's Highs and Lows
7 Platforms for Getting High Paying Data Science Jobs
Here's hoping genAI can make Siri better
Twilio Growth Report 2023   Businesses Relying on AI for Revenue Growth and Efficiency
What a Conference Agenda Tells You About the State of the AI Industry
Accenture CMO Jill Kramer talks about how generative AI will enhance, not diminish, the power of marketing: video
CUDA Toolkit 12.3 Delivers New Features for Accelerated Computing
Last Week in AI #242: Amazon deploys humanoid robots, State of AI Report 2023, Adept releases Fuyu-8B multimodal model, real-time 4k 3D videos, and more!
6 retail leaders innovating the customer experience with AI
How was DALL E 3 Built? (OpenAI's BEST text-to-image model)
If You Are A Language Enthusiast, You Need To Know About ChatGPT's Multilingual Capabilities
Nvidia might have an RTX 4080 Super with 20GB of VRAM soon
Data Analytics Unicorn Databricks Makes Another Big Startup Acquisition
This new data poisoning tool lets artists fight back against generative AI
Will ChatGPT's hallucinations be allowed to ruin your life?
Riley Reid Launches Site for Adult Performers to Create AI Versions of Themselves
It's sad how toxic the community has been lately here
MiniGPT-5: Interleaved Vision-And-Language Generation via Generative Vokens
Databricks cements Arcion Labs deal, will absorb its data access tools
Qualcomm focuses on generative AI capabilities with Snapdragon 8 Gen 3
Eureka: With GPT-4 overseeing training, robots can learn much faster
Use the virtual environments with Python
Venv
The Power of Independent Component Analysis (ICA) on Real-World Applications   EGG Example
[D] High-temperature softmax
How Baidu's Latest AI Chatbot Stacks Up Against the Competition
A look at YouTube's negotiations with record labels for an AI tool that lets creators perform using major musicians' voices, a pivotal moment for AI in music (Lucas Shaw/Bloomberg)
Aquaman's James Wan Says More Topo Is on the Menu
Unlocking the Power of Text Data with LLMs
Online machine learning models accurately predict wastewater influent flow rate
'Azure AI Content Safety' Service Targets Developer Online Environments
SK Hynix's stock surged 67% in 2023 due to its Nvidia deal, while Samsung's stock is up 24%, on track to underperform SK Hynix by the most in nearly a decade (Bloomberg)
DALL-E 3 is Now Available for ChatGPT Plus, Enterprise Users
What do you do in SQL vs Pandas?
Weekly Top Picks #49
A ChatGPT rival just published a new constitution to level up its AI guardrails, and prevent toxic and racist responses
Ragnar Locker Ransomware Boss Arrested in Paris
ToolFormer: Guiding AI Models To Use External Tools
Nvidia to Challenge Intel With Arm-Based Processors for PCs
Foundation Model Transparency Index shows lack of transparency among AI companies
Sources: Nvidia has begun designing Arm-based CPUs for Windows PCs, and AMD also plans to build Arm-based chips; source: Nvidia and AMD could sell them by 2025 (Reuters)
The GitHub Black Market That Helps Coders Cheat the Popularity Contest
FCC aims to investigate the risk of AI-enhanced robocalls
Databricks Make a CDC Play with Arcion Acquisition
More fun with DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT: Can it design a T-shirt?
How to Read Text From an Image with Python
Stanford researchers challenge OpenAI, others on AI transparency in new report
Moody's to Start Letting Machines Help Write Analytical Reports
The dilemma of potential AI consciousness isn't going away - in fact, it's right upon us. And we're nowhere near prepared. (MIT Tech Review)
AI Needs a Third-Party Benchmark. Will It Be Patronus AI?
Demystifying Embeddings in AI: The Heartbeat of Language Models
AI Startup Roundup: 2 Chinese Startups Raise $640 Million to Rival OpenAI
Apple will soon bring AI to its devices, according to reports. Here's where
Reddit finally takes its API war where it belongs: to AI companies
Study: AI can boost Wikipedia reliability
Deutsche Telekom and SK Telecom Team Up to Build Customer Service LLM
Nvidia and AMD plan to launch Arm PC chips as soon as 2025, Reuters reports
Sam Altman's Worldcoin Doesn't Want Americans to Read This Blog Post
Team develops scan-to-BIM for reverse engineering from 3D vision data
GPT-4 gave advice on planning terrorist attacks when asked in Zulu
EU may fail to pass its AI Act in 2023
Meet BOSS: A Reinforcement Learning (RL) Framework that Trains Agents to Solve New Tasks in New Environments with LLM Guidance
Deciphering Memorization in Neural Networks: A Deep Dive into Model Size, Memorization, and Generalization on Image Classification Benchmarks
Nvidia is reportedly working on Arm-based processors for Windows PCs
Artists Can Fight Back Against AI by Killing Art Generators From the Inside
Contractors who are called Data Scientists but can't do what I'd expect. What to do next.
[D] Referenceless NLP Evaluation
A look at Nightshade and Glaze, tools made by researchers at UChicago that help artists  poison  their work to confuse or break AI models that later train on it (Melissa Heikkil&auml;/MIT Technology Review)
Plant-based materials give 'life' to tiny soft robots
PyTorchEdge Unveils ExecuTorch: Empowering On-Device Inference for Mobile and Edge Devices
Valve and AMD begin fixing Counter-Strike 2 driver bans
KKR Poised for Kokusai Payoff With Biggest Japan IPO Since 2018
OpenAI & Microsoft's DALL-E 3 Masters Image Creation Through Enhanced Captions
'AI divide' across the US leaves economists concerned
Bugs in the ChatGPT app reveal internal natural language prompts shared between DALL-E 3 and ChatGPT, including some commands written in all-caps for emphasis (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
New data poisoning tool lets artists fight back against generative AI
Understanding and Mitigating LLM Hallucinations
PimEyes, a paid facial recognition service, blocks searches of children's faces via age detection AI to identify photos of minors, as part of a  no harm policy  (Kashmir Hill/New York Times)
Looking inside ROScribe and the idea of LLM-based robotic platform
[R] 2x the context length of ALiBi through position interpolation
[Project] Looking for AI/ML engineers to team up for a fallow deer identification project
AI-based data center optimization startup MangoBoost raises $55M Series A
[R][P] Trying to understand the generative properties of autoencoders
RAG oriented fine-tune... Searching for coherence
People who upload proprietary data to GPT, how do you get away with it?
Etsy Taking Stores Down as it's Bot Can't Tell Which Mockups are Real and Which ones are AI Generated
[D] What is the lowest possible loss for a language model?
The Ethical Dilemma: AI's Role in Decision-Making and Human Rights
People aren't lazy, they are suffering from interview fatigue
Klu raises $1.7m to build the picks and shovels for GenAI
Streamlining Repetitive Tasks During Exploratory Data Analysis
Wayve's Alex Kendall on autonomous driving, giving robots feedback and being vindicated by Elon Musk
Anti deepfake headset V2
Outside of Generative AI, what are the big advances currently happening in Data Science?
[D] RAG oriented fine-tune... Searching for coherence
Generative AI for Supply Chain
These Are the Top 25 UK Startups to Watch This Year
Edge AI and How Could It Result in Privacy-Centric AI
Meet Mini-DALLE3: An Interactive Text to Image Approach by Prompting Large Language Models
The Implication of OpenAI's False Start on Arrakis
Talently.ai
Prescene
Hands-on with DALL-E 3: suggests more detailed prompts, restrictive, denies art requests in the style of living artists, and shows how quickly AI is improving (Casey Newton/Platformer)
Oxolo bags  13M for Gen AI-driven video platform which can optimise engagement on the fly
Quoting Addy Osmani
AI firms must be held responsible for harm they cause, 'godfathers' of technology say
Remotely upload files to a Hugging Face repo using access token
Uploading Files to Hugging Face with Python
Securing your Containerised Models and Workloads
Black-Box Chemical Process Optimization
AI Chip Startup Rebellions Is in Talks to Raise $100 Million
Crafting Effective Prompts for Summarization Using Large Language Models
DialogGPT
Video Editing Enters a New Age with VideoCrafter: Open Diffusion AI Models for High-Quality Video Generation
Video SaaS Companies Faces A Loom-ing Threat
Real Or AI
Your Data Science Visualizations Will Never Be The Same   Plotly & Dash
Getting started
Customize your components: Class and Style Bindings
Over 20 AI leaders, including Marc Andreessen, will appear at 2nd Senate AI Insight Forum tomorrow
Meet Nightshade, the new tool allowing artists to 'poison' AI models with corrupted training data
What's New in Python 3.12   Features, Updates and Enhancements
Why would anyone start to use Hex? What's the need or situation?
Microsoft to invest A$5bn in Australia to boost AI tech
HTML META TAGS
Google Bard AI appears to be censoring Israel-Palestine prompt responses
Roman Numeral Analysis with Graph Neural Networks
Why GPT-4 is vulnerable to multimodal prompt injection image attacks
Nvidia and AMD to make ARM PC chips in 2025
Falcon: The Pinnacle of Open-Source LLMs
Probability Interview Questions In Real Life of Data Analysts
MonsterAPI leads the charge in democratizing AI with no-code fine-tuning
EU's race against time to finalize AI rules before year-end
The best open source software of 2023
AI experts share a paper ahead of the UK's AI summit in Bletchley Park warning of worrying capabilities in current AI systems and seeking urgent governance (Dan Milmo/The Guardian)
How AI-Human Collaborations in Art Deepen Audience Engagement
Marc Andreessen and John Doerr Join Closed Senate Forum on AI
5 Ways Generative AI Will Impact Culture & Society: What Tech Leaders Need to Know
ChatGPT takes the wheel at DS Automobiles
Top 10 AI Tools Every Developer Should Know About
Synergy in AI: Bridging the Gap Between Data Science and Business
How to have encryption, computation, and compliance all at once
This new tool could give artists an edge over AI
Complete Tutorial: React Admin Panel with refine and daisyUI
China Widens Lead Over US in AI Patents After Beijing Tech Drive
Workers training AI demand protections from Congress
Data Privacy Laws: Navigating Compliance in the Age of Big Data
IBM X-Force pits ChatGPT against humans: Who's better at phishing?
UT Austin Researchers Introduce LIBERO: A Lifelong Robot Learning Benchmark to Study Knowledge Transfer in Decision-Making and Robotics at Scale
Midjourney has a new website and a major update in the pipeline
Video SaaS Companies Face A Loom-ing Threat
Nvidia Introduces Eureka, an AI Agent Powered by GPT-4 That Can Train Robots
Meet Fuyu-8B: The Very Unique Foundation Model Behind the Adept Platform
Google Cloud released new research focusing on gen AI in banking
Anthropic's Kaplan Seeks 'Race to Top' on Safer AI: Tech Summit
How to use ChatGPT to write a cover letter (and why you should)
Cronus AI Tool Transforms Performance Managemen
Nvidia and AMD are planning Arm-based CPUs for consumer PCs
Amazon's AI-Powered Van Inspections Give It a Powerful New Data Feed
What Impact Will Ethical AI Have on the Future of Data Science?
Code to Joy: Why Everyone Should Learn a Little Programming   Interview with Michael Littman
Edge 337: Understanding QLoRA
D-ID's newest app uses AI to make videos from photographs
New tool lets artists fight AI image bots by hiding corrupt data in plain sight
DeepBrain AI showcases it's AI Avatar solutions at GITEX 2023
Taiwan VP Lai Ching-te criticizes China's Foxconn investigation; sources say China disclosed the move for political reasons tied to Taiwan's January elections (Reuters)
Tyler Cowen announces econgoat.ai, the first  generative book  that lets readers query the material and create more content, derived from a 100K-word manuscript (Tyler Cowen/Marginal REVOLUTION)
Wafer Wars: Deciphering Latest Restrictions On AI And Semiconductor Manufacturing
Is AI ready to be integrated into healthcare?
Borderless Data   Acting Locally, Thinking Globally
As M365 Copilot launch looms, businesses likely to move cautiously
Generative AI Can Write Phishing Emails, But Humans Are Better At It, IBM X-Force Finds
AI risk must be treated as seriously as climate crisis, says Google DeepMind chief
Top 5 Things You Need To Know About How Generative AI Is Used In Security Tools
YouTube Music now lets you make your own playlist art with AI
Lenovo and NVIDIA Expand Generative AI Services Partnership
Data centres must up their energy game with the rise of AI
EU 'in touching distance' of world's first laws regulating artificial intelligence
How an LLM Chatbot Works: Exploring Chat with Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
How Predictive Analytics is Revolutionizing Decision-Making in Tech
'We may irreversibly lose control of autonomous AI,' warn top academics
Xreal's Air 2 glasses put a big screen on your face and ship in the US next month
Sources: many people inside Apple do not believe its own AI/ML team can deliver on generative AI, and worry that the company will only use its own team's output (John Gruber/Daring Fireball)
Fully Understand ElasticNet Regression with Python
Release Generative AI Solutions Without Testing Them Comprehensively At Your Peril.
Synthesia Sells Its Uncanny AI Avatars to Nearly Half of the Fortune 100 Companies
The best robot mowers of 2023
From limitations to hallucinations: The hardest parts of working in AI
'Reels is outperforming TikTok': Here's what Wall Street expects from Meta's 3rd-quarter earnings
SEC head warns of  nearly unavoidable  financial crisis caused by AI
Product Database: Analytics and tracking tools
Twelve Labs is building models that can understand videos at a deep level
The Download: poisoning generative AI, and heat-storing batteries
WorkMagic wants to automate all the marketing tasks for Shopify sellers
Hope or horror? The great AI debate dividing its pioneers
As Databricks touts demand for AI services, all eyes are on Microsoft and Alphabet's Q3 results
Google Open-Sources AI Fine-Tuning Method Distilling Step-by-Step
Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK) Sentiment Analysis Quick Reference
Gen Z plans to retire earlier than anyone else &mdash; and they'll let AI help them get there
How to Measure the Success of Your RAG-based LLM System
Beyond Skynet: Crafting the Next Frontier in AI Evolution
WIPO: in 2022, Chinese entities applied for 29,853 AI patents, up from 29,000 in 2021, almost 80% more than the 16,800 US filings, down from 17,800 in 2021 (Bloomberg)
Aaron Lee, Co-Founder & CEO at Smith.ai   Interview Series
Cronus AI Tool Transforms Performance Management
Analysts: Chinese AI startup SenseTime's pivot from government surveillance work to data centers now seems doomed by new US export controls on powerful AI chips (Financial Times)
[D] Undergrad seeking advice on ethics/ML research
Emergence Capital to Fund GPU Reseller Together at $500 Million Valuation
Nightshade 'poisons' AI models to fight copyright theft
YouTube Music now lets you generate your own AI playlist art
How Does Retrieval Augmentation Impact Long-Form Question Answering? This AI Study Provides New Insights into How Retrieval Augmentation Impacts Long- Knowledge-Rich Text Generation of Language Models
The Information's Readers Use AI and Pay for It
Gaming with ChatGPT using Encrypted Prompts and Prompt Injection!
Machine Learning for Real-Time Data Analysis: Training Models in Production
TimeGPT: The First Foundation Model for Time Series Forecasting
Leaked Details Reveal AI Focus for Qualcomm's Next Flagship Mobile Chip
UK government is now using AI to make life-changing decisions for its citizens
YouTube Music now lets you create custom AI-generated playlist art
How to use HeyGen AI to start your content creation journey
When Machines Dream: Art in the Age of AI
Jane the Discoverer: Enhancing Causal Discovery with Large Language Models (Causal Python)
Xreal's $399 Air 2 augmented reality glasses are now available to pre-order
ICA and the Real-Life Cocktail Party Problem
Nvidia might discontinue the RTX 4080 in favor of 20GB RTX 4080 Super
Harvard professor Lawrence Lessig on why AI and social media are causing a free speech crisis for the internet
LangChain's First Birthday
How this Berlin startup deploys AI to make preventative healthcare accessible
[N] New letter from Yoshua Bengio, Geoffrey Hinton, and others: Managing AI Risks in an Era of Rapid Progress
LoRa, QLoRA and QA-LoRA: Efficient Adaptability in Large Language Models Through Low-Rank Matrix Factorization
Predictions 2024: Invest In AI And Sustainability Compliance To Flourish As The EU Pursues Regulatory Superpowerdom
Tesla Receives DoJ Subpoena for Information About Its Self-Driving Features
VADER's Insight into Sentiment Analysis: The Language of Emotions and Communication
New Prompting Technique Surpasses GPT-4
Tonkeeper and Mercuryo Partner to Boost Toncoin's Growth
[Long read] Deep dive into AutoGPT: A comprehensive and in-depth step-by-step guide to how it works
[D] Are people in ML Phds still happy?
Best way to create requirements.txt
Google's new PaLI-3 vision language model achieves performance of 10x larger models
Body-shaming  AI Meme Maker  on TikTok is a prime example of unaligned AI
Signos raises $20 million to sprinkle AI fairy dust on the weight loss industry
ChatGPT, invent comics for robots.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella admits giving up on Windows Phone and mobile was a mistake
Researchers show ChatGPT, other AI tools can be manipulated to produce malicious code
A paper from Geoffrey Hinton and other experts warns of AI systems' worrying capabilities and says 33% of companies' AI R&D budgets should go to managing risks (Matt Marshall/VentureBeat)
This AI newsletter is all you need #70
[P] The N Implementation Details of RLHF with PPO
California DMW immediately suspends Cruise's robotaxi permit
Anova.ai Unveils Marketing Analytics Platform for SMBs with Generative AI
Nvidia says new US export rules for AI chips to China came into effect on October 23, or about 24 days ahead of schedule (Aditya Soni/Reuters)
Pantomath on a Mission To Enhance End-To-End Data Pipeline Observability Across Complex Data Ecosystems
Edge compute maker SIMA.ai hires former AWS exec as new CBO.  Read our exclusive interview.
An A.I. video interpretation of  Metamorphosis Two  by Philip Glass
GenAI: How to Synthesize Data 1000x Faster with Better Results and Lower Costs
Lenovo details hybrid enterprise AI strategy including Nvidia partnership and AI for PCs
Guidehouse Insights: Siemens, Schneider Electric, Honeywell Lead in Intelligent Building Software
How Indeed is using AI to better match employers and job seekers while keeping humans at the center of hiring
Massive leak reveals full specs of Qualcomm's Snapdragon X Elite SoC for laptops
Query Transformations
We simply don't understand the risks    three takeaways from the UK's plan for an AI-driven economy
AI Godfathers Bengio and Hinton: Major tech companies should devote a third of AI budget to managing AI risk
Google Photos will soon give you more say in those AI-created video highlights
Quantum Systems raises  63.6M Series B becoming the first European company to raise over  100M on dual-use tech
YouTube finally lets users update the cover art for YouTube Music playlists, but only using images created by YouTube's generative AI, not their own images (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Pumpkin Spice Time Series Analysis
Python f-Strings Magic: 5 Game-Changing Tricks Every Coder Needs to Know
The genAI backlash: Should creative types poison the well?
Efficient CUDA Debugging: Memory Initialization and Thread Synchronization with NVIDIA Compute Sanitizer
Galytix Expands Generative AI Data Platform for Global Banks' Credit Lending Automation
The Computing Pioneer Helping AI See
California's DMV suspends Cruise's deployment and driverless testing permits, ending the GM self-driving car subsidiary's robotaxi operations in San Francisco (Kirsten Korosec/TechCrunch)
What happens if neurotechnology learns to read our minds?
Robots learn faster with AI boost from Eureka
California DMV immediately suspends Cruise's robotaxi permit
MemGPT Explained!
Researchers from CMU and UC Santa Barbara Propose Innovative AI-Based 'Diagnosis of Thought' Prompting for Cognitive Distortion Detection in Psychotherapy
Meet DiagrammerGPT: A Novel Two-Stage Text-to-Diagram Generation AI Framework that Leverages the Knowledge of LLMs for Planning and Refining the Overall Diagram Plans
Researchers create protocol to test AI debiasing methods
Webinar: Transform Your Vision AI Applications with Generative AI
Reduce Apache Spark ML Compute Costs with New Algorithms in Spark RAPIDS ML Library
Microsoft Sales Top Estimates as Cloud Growth Picks Up Steam
Nightshade 'Data Poisoning' Tool Helps Creatives Protect Art From AI
Qualcomm unveils the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 mobile 4nm chip, with a 25% more performant GPU, AI Engine that can produce Stable Diffusion images in <1 second, more (Kris Holt/Engadget)
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 brings on-device generative AI to more Android phones
Qualcomm brings on-device AI to mobile and PC
Do you ever feel dumb when you see data scientists doing exceptional stuff when you are just there doing mundane data-stuff?
OpenAI's Corporate Sales Come Under Pressure as AI Customers Eye Cheaper Options
Riley Reid Is Spearheading an OnlyFans-Style AI Chatbot Company
Data poisoning tool lets artists fight back against AI scraping. Here's how
Interactively explore your Huggingface dataset with one line of code
Search engine that scans billions of faces tries blocking kids from results
Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Uses AI to Add New Photo and Video Capabilities
Adapting to the climate crisis with Jonas Torland from 7Analytics
GM's Cruise Loses Its Self-Driving License in San Francisco After a Robotaxi Dragged a Person
Semiconductor Firm SiFive, on Sidelines of AI Chip Boom, Lays Off 130 Workers
California revokes Cruise's robo-taxi permit, calling them 'an unreasonable risk to public safety'
Object Storage a 'Total Cop Out,' Hammerspace CEO Says. 'You All Got Duped'
Rancid food smells and tastes gross - AI tools may help scientists prevent that spoilage
Google Search Rolls Out AI-Powered Speaking Practice for Language Learners
US surprises Nvidia by speeding up new AI chip export ban
Local Governments Take the Lead in Regulating AI
Setting up Tailwind, the easy way
Implement Imagination-Open-Ended Text Generation with INLG
Insurance companies are betting on AI and mass data analytics in a battle against fraud that costs billions
Internship for ~$19/hour? Take it or not
IVP Leads Investment in AI Search Startup Perplexity at $500 Million Valuation
AI-tocracy
Superhero U
[R] Monarch Mixer: A Simple Sub-Quadratic GEMM-Based Architecture
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 moves AI out of the cloud and onto your phone
Sources: VC firm IVP is leading an investment in AI search engine Perplexity at a ~$500M valuation, up from $150M in March 2023; Perplexity generates $3M in ARR (Kate Clark/The Information)
Google is ready to fill its AI searches with ads
I'm Harrison Chase, CEO and cofounder of LangChain. Ask me anything!
Kokusai Electric to Debut After Japan's Biggest IPO Since 2018
Microsoft's A.I. Investment Stabilizes Its Cloud Business
How AI could change Google search and wipe out $68 billion SEO industry | Fortune
Consistency Models: One-Step Image Generation
Revolutionizing Document Parsing: Meet DSG   The First End-to-End Trainable System for Hierarchical Structure Extraction
Generative AI is the Star of Qualcomm's Next-Gen Chips
chDB
AI luminaries call for urgent regulation to head off future threats, but Meta's brainbox boss disagrees
Robotaxi pushback grows in Los Angeles as Cruise loses permits
The Humane AI Pin apparently runs GPT-4 and flashes a 'Trust Light' when it's recording
The bendy phone is back, baby
MozFest House Kenya 2023: Wrap-Up
The AI-Generated Child Abuse Nightmare Is Here
Web Apps Powered by On-Device AI? Ex-Google Engineer Shows It's Possible
On AI, It's Microsoft 1, Google 0
AI-generated child sex abuse images will flood internet without action: watchdog
Lenovo CEO: The Future is a Personal AI in Every Smart Device
AI Backlash May Bring Social Unrest to UK, Infosys Boss Says
Adult film star Riley Reid launches Clona.AI, a sexting chatbot platform
Universal Alleges Anthropic's AI Copies its Songs 'Nearly Word-for-word'
Qualcomm unveils the S7 and S7 Pro chips with increased memory, AI capabilities, and more, designed for earbuds, headphones, and speakers to be released in 2024 (Chris Welch/The Verge)
This AI Research Introduces 'RAFA': A Principled Artificial Intelligence Framework for Autonomous LLM Agents with Provable Sample Efficiency
Lenovo, NVIDIA Boost Partnership for Hybrid AI Solutions for Enterprise
Google considers subscription business models for its new AI offerings
Any good AI-integrated video games?
Redefining Search Stack: Microsoft Unleashes the Potential of Large Language Models
Tired of armchair coworker and armchair manager saying  Analysis paralysis
[D] What should I do for training when data to predict has random distribution?
so long, and thanks for all the quests
How can Pre-Trained Visual Representations Help Solve Long-Horizon Manipulation? Meet Universal Visual Decomposer (UVD): An off-the-Shelf Method for Identifying Subgoals from Videos
AI-created child sexual abuse images 'threaten to overwhelm internet'
Europe's newest AI hub is being built in a German city no one's heard of
Apple Accepts Right-to-Repair Legislation
Revolutionizing Language Model Fine-Tuning: Achieving Unprecedented Gains with NEFTune's Noisy Embeddings
Perplexity AI Seeks Funds for $500 Mn Valuation
MiQ Certified as Best Firm for Data Scientists for the 2nd Time
Zoho Sheet '24
Only Use LLMs If You Know How to Do the Task on Your Own
Tech Stack
Wednesday briefing: Inside the battle to contain   and capitalise on   artificial intelligence
How to Avoid Five Common Mistakes in Google BigQuery / SQL
Dancing with Light: A Hummingbird's Enchanted Encounter.
Blazing a Trail in Interleaved Vision-and-Language Generation: Unveiling the Power of Generative Vokens with MiniGPT-5
Cookii
ISRO's 'Bhoonidhi' Matches NASA's Space Standards
A Universal Roadmap for Prompt Engineering: The Contextual Scaffolds Framework (CSF)
The Internet Watch Foundation warns that generative AI is being used to create child sexual abuse imagery, and finds ~3K AI-made abuse images breaking UK law (Dan Milmo/The Guardian)
First Ever Experience at Hacktobefest'23 Contributor
Converting Texts to Numeric Form with TfidfVectorizer: A Step-by-Step Guide
US orders immediate stop to some AI chip exports to China; Lloyds profits up but lending margins fall   business live
Measuring Foundation Model Transparency
Generative AI Apps With Amazon Bedrock: Getting Started for Go Developers
What skills do you need for in-demand deep-tech jobs?
Explore Pydantic V2's Enhanced Data Validation Capabilities
UK workers support AI but want greater organizational transparency
US orders immediate halt to some AI chip exports to China, says Nvidia
A Complete Guide to Scale Your Data Pipelines and Data Products with Contract Testing and Dbt
Kochava adds Kochava AI Prompt to its robust AI toolset
Putting AI challenges in perspective with partnerships
Stability AI Releases Two Japanese based LLMs
AI music doesn't have 'soul' and is not good enough to be a threat to artists yet, Jason Derulo says
Qualcomm's new Snapdragon X Elite and Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 are almost 5x Faster [N]
Huawei introduced GoCloud and GrowCloud partner development frameworks
What's Up with ChatGPT Enterprise
Google launches AR beauty ads for lip and eye products
Amazon launches a generative AI tool for advertisers to create  lifestyle imagery  backgrounds or scenes for their products in beta (Chris Welch/The Verge)
Panasas appoints four new senior executives to global leadership team
A day in the life of AI
How Video Game GPUs Have Led to Artificial Intelligence
Controversial Chip in Huawei Phone Was Produced on ASML Machine
The US Senate and Silicon Valley reconvene for a second AI Insight Forum
Toronto-based CentML, which offers tools to cut the cost of deploying ML models, raised a $27M seed from Nvidia and others, taking its total funding to $30.5M (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Amazon brings conversational AI to kids with launch of 'Explore with Alexa'
Would majoring in artificial intelligence be worth it?
AI titans throw a (tiny) bone to AI safety researchers
Research Focus: Week of October 23, 2023
I moved my family from California to Texas 2 years ago. A friend warned me we would hate it &mdash; 6 months later, other families followed us.
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/24/2023
AI and cloud growth fuel first quarter revenue boost for Microsoft
From RAGs to Riches
Viso eyes no-code for the future of computer vision and scores funding to scale
Worried about AI gobbling up your job? Start doing these 3 things now
Internet Watchdog Warn of 'Nightmare' Rise of AI Child Sex Abuse Images
Google will require Android apps to better moderate AI-generated content
RLHF lit. review #1 and missing pieces in RLHF
Wall Street Embraces AI Despite Risks of Catastrophe
IVP's Risky Perplexity Bet; CRV Funds Salestech Startup; OpenAI's First-Mover Hangover
New Tool Lets Artists  Poison  Their Work to Mess Up AI Trained on It
Alberta investing in AI that predicts where wildfires may ignite
Meta's AI System Can Replicate Images in Your Brain in Milliseconds
[D] Are there method that can extract interaction between person in text?
The new, 'efficient' Spotify has a very different approach to podcasting
Nightshade tool  poisons  images to thwart generative AIs and help protect artists
When I use AI to generate Halloween candy wrappers and then print them out...
Google Play's policy update cracks down on 'offensive' AI apps, disruptive notifications
Amazon now lets advertisers use generative AI to pretty up their product shots
Tech Guy Says Books Will Be Replaced by AI-Powered  Thunks
As publishers block AI web crawlers, Direqt is building AI chatbots for the media industry
Cisco announces several new AI tools to enhance Webex experience
Bigtech Gets an AI Safety Guru
How AI Benefits from Human Help: Wikipedia's Study
Google's updated AR beauty tools make it easier to buy cosmetics and hair dye
Dutch MPs criticise new US export ban on ASML chip machine
ExecuTorch vs TensorFlow Lite
Google Image Search Will Now Show a Photo's History. Can It Spot Fakes?
Google plans  next generation series of models  for 2024
U.S. accelerates export ban on AI chips to China
'Dim-witted' pigeons use the same principles as AI to solve tasks, study shows
Coach's knitwear supplier bets $1M on Jellibeans' fashion prediction tech
Google, Microsoft Offer Measly $10 Million to Protect the World from AI
Microsoft jumps while Google owner Alphabet slips as Wall Street zeroes in on the tech giants' AI efforts
How I Built & Grew CoverLetterGPT to 5,000 Users and $200 MRR
Hey, I'm Vince.
ASML to Help Fund Affordable Housing in Its Dutch Hometown
Blackbird backs Heidi Health's AI platform for overworked doctors
Trinity astrophysicists are scanning the sky for ET life
SiMa.ai appoints Elizabeth Samara-Rubio as Chief Business Officer
Chinese EV Maker Xpeng to Bring Assisted-Driving Tech to Europe Next Year
The House Fund aims to invest a fresh $115M in Berkeley-affiliated startups
Study unveils vulnerabilities of watermarking AI generated content
Cisco unveils new AI strategy for its Webex videoconference platform
Meet LoftQ: LoRA-Fine-Tuning-Aware Quantization for Large Language Models
How To Enable Hardware Acceleration on Chrome, Chromium & Puppeteer on AWS in Headless mode
[D][R] How should the architecture of a transformer be scaled?
The Top 5 Cloud Machine Learning Platforms & Tools
Microsoft Researchers Introduce Table-GPT: Elevating Language Models to Excel in Two-Dimensional Table Understanding and Tasks
Performance Guide to create 100k records in less than 3s using Ruby on Rails
Google DeepMind Proposes An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Social and Ethical AI Risk Assessment
Mastering the Data Universe: Key Steps to a Thriving Data Science Career
I am intern and i hate Tableau. Can u give some copium?
What laptop do you use for learning data science and personal projects?
Google Cloud fails to cash in on generative AI
Sources: SMIC used ASML's DUV machines to create its 7nm chip used by Huawei; ASML has never shipped its EUV tools to China but older DUV models can be retooled (Bloomberg)
Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai gives an update on Google's AI search SGE
When Will India's UPI Moment in AI Arrive?
Industry Veterans Atiq Raza and Prabhu Goel join minds.ai BOD
Data Provenance Explorer Launches to Tackle Data Transparency Crisis
Artists can use a data poisoning tool to confuse DALL-E and corrupt AI scraping
Amazon's new AI tool conjures fake backgrounds for real products
Pirr raised an angel round to help you co-write erotica with an AI
Can AI grasp related concepts after learning only one?
[D] What are some existing datasets for training LLMs to perform reasoning, acting as agents?
[P] OSS tool to interactively explore Hugging Face datasets with one line of code
The White House will reportedly reveal a 'sweeping' AI executive order on October 30
The A-Z of Transformers: Everything You Need to Know
AI pioneer Daphne Koller sees generative AI leading to cancer breakthroughs
Got my object permanence detector into print!
Joget integrates generative AI capabilities into its Joget DX
Intel's PC stranglehold could face serious challenge from Nvidia, AMD and Qualcomm
Amazon's New AI Image Tool Puts Fake Backgrounds Behind Real Products
Generate images in one second on your Mac using a latent consistency model
Pony.ai gets $100M, establishes JV with Saudi Arabia's Neom
ChatGPT's Scary Good at Getting People to Click Phishing Emails, IBM Finds
Mila Launches its 2022-2023 Impact Report
Google's AI search won't be ad-free much longer
'Robo-Taxi Takeover' Hits Speed Bumps
Image Search in 5 Minutes
Sabotage tool takes on AI image scrapers
How do you maintain motivation in your data role?
CentML aims to tackle high cost of AI models
Intetics honoured in Inc. 2023 Power Partner Awards for AI & Data
Amazon's new generative AI tool lets advertisers enhance product images
Digital.ai launches Denali
Andrew Ng Rolls Out New Generative AI Course on LangChain
Meta Shares Rise After Revenue Beats Analysts' Estimate
Researchers discover in-context learning creates task vectors in LLMs
As developers learn the ins and outs of generative AI, non-developers will follow
Google's Latest Updates Helps Root Out AI Deepfakes
Sources: a Biden EO on AI is expected on Monday, requiring AI models undergo testing before use by federal workers, easing highly skilled immigration, and more (Washington Post)
ChatGPT'S, evil twins are here
WormGPT, EvilGPT, and WolfGPT: The Shocking and Dangerous Potential of Malicious AI
Sarcos appoints Laura Peterson as President and CEO
AI dangers must be faced 'head on', Rishi Sunak to tell tech summit
The Most Important Skill in the 21st Century
Baby AGI and AgentGPT : Exploring Autonomous AI-Agents
Apple's future AirPods roadmap just leaked, and big changes are coming
[R] Researchers discover that in-context learning creates task vectors in LLMs
Google plans to require apps on the Play Store to offer users the ability to flag offensive AI-generated content without exiting the app, starting in early 2024 (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Azure Java Jockeys Get OpenAI Playground
Even Google CEO Sundar Pichai doesn't understand Google's privacy controls
The Complete Guide to Time Series Models.
Hypothesis-Oriented Simulation as a Compass for Navigating an Uncertain Future
AI Laggard Intel Expands Effort to Help Companies Build ChatGPT-Like Apps
Google's New Image Verification Tool Can Help Spot AI Fakes
Is the future of data science drag and drop?
Apptio Launches First Integration With IBM Turbonomic
Apple Is Apparently Spending Billions on Secret AI Development
Sources: Apple plans an overhaul of its AirPods lineup, including AirPods Max with USB-C and two redesigned 4th-gen AirPods in 2024, and new AirPods Pro in 2025 (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Magic Leap Taps New CEO to Lead Augmented-Reality Headset Maker
RadiantGraph launches with $5 Million Round
Ansys continues AI Innovations
Ecosystems announced the launch of ViViEN
Nissan is making minivans cool again with a futuristic, rose-gold living room on wheels
LlamaIndex: Augment your LLM Applications with Custom Data Easily
The Five Biggest Threats to Data Democratization
[P] Adala   an open source Autonomous DAta (Labeling) Agent framework that helps you automate data processing and data labeling
Heat pump plan is a gift for landlords | Brief letters
Windows on Snapdragon Brings Hybrid AI to Apps at the Edge
The UK Lists Top Nightmare AI Scenarios Ahead of Its Big Tech Summit
Neural Networks Achieve Human-Like Language Generalization
Web Components Will Outlive Your JavaScript Framework
How to train an Iris dataset classifier with Tinygrad
Building an Iris Classification Model with TinyGrad
AI Safety gets a push from Chris Meserole and a $10 million fund
AI is finally resulting in real growth for big tech
AI's Humanitarian Potential: Impacting Lives Across the Globe
The much-hyped AI device created by ex-Apple designers will run GPT-4 and have a 'Trust Light' that lets people know when it's recording
AI ignites the rain: Content Storm is back
White House to issue AI rules for federal employees
Quoting Franois Chollet
FTX Is Probing $6.5 Million Paid to Leading Nonprofit Group on AI Safety
Amazon Rolls Out New Image Generation Tools for Seller Ads
University of Chicago researchers seek to  poison  AI art generators with Nightshade
Mark Zuckerberg Talks Up 'Creator AIs'
AMD and Korean telco KT back AI software developer Moreh in $22M Series B
How to survive at nightmare employer?
Researchers from Google and the University of Toronto Introduce Groundbreaking Zero-Shot Agent for Autonomous Learning and Task Execution in Live Computer Environments
ChatGPT wrote code that can make databases leak sensitive information
Honor says its new phone lets you open apps with your eyes
Sort Text Numbers
Meet MATA, an AI Research Assistant for Scientific Data
Learning Cloud Platforms
[R] Researchers discover in-context learning creates task vectors in LLMs
Execute Jina embeddings with a CLI using llm-embed-jina
Germany's richest man wants to ensure Europe has an OpenAI rival
This AI Paper Introduces CLIN: A Continually Learning Language Agent that Excels in Both Task Adaptation and Generalization to Unseen Tasks and Environments in a Pure Zero-Shot Setup
Is a Convex Optimization class good for Data Science?
[R] Human-like systematic generalization through a meta-learning neural network
Elevating Sample Quality: OpenAI's Consistency Models Training Techniques Redefine the Game
[D] LLMs playing chess are sensitive to how the position came to be
Is this the only European fintech that's cracked the US?
Vector DB directory structuring - ideal?
Can Salespeople Trust AI to Do All the Busywork?
Mastering Django Now: A Comprehensive Guide from Beginner to Advanced
UK's Sunak to Warn of Risks Posed by AI Ahead of Global Summit
Leaked UK's final AI Safety Summit communiqu&eacute; does not mention a new scientific body to study AI risks, and says it should be done using existing collaborations (Joseph Bambridge/Politico)
Entropy-Regularized Reinforcement Learning Explained
Tech companies seek 12-18 month extension for India data-protection law compliance
Ansible - Part 2
The Indispensable MLOps Engineer in an ML Lifecycle
India Inks Extensive Semiconductor MoC with Japan
From Data Platform to ML Platform
Quantum computing is a field moving at 'breakneck speed'
Why is Everyone Making GenAI Laptops?
Narayana Murthy Urges Youth to Work 12 Hours a Day
Making the Right Decisions: AI Advice, Decision Aids, and the Promise of LLMs
We hate how  black box  neural nets are, we made a thingy in an attempt to demystify their  thinking.
Analysis of 1,800 AI datasets: ~70% didn't state what license should be used or had been mislabeled with more permissive guidelines than their creators intended (Nitasha Tiku/Washington Post)
TensorFlow 2.15: Latest Updates
AMD Focuses on Software Ahead of MI300X Release
Mistral 7B: Recipes for Fine-tuning and Quantization on Your Computer
Halloween PhotoAI: AI Headshot Generator
AI sees multibillion-dollar investment boom
Sb3, the Swiss Army Knife of Applied RL
Convolutional Networks   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
Hollywood Actors Fighting Over 'Basic Principles' of AI Replicas
Springbrook releases New AI Powered Customer Support Help Desk
6 generative AI Python projects to run now
Experts report alarming rise in AI-generated child pornography content
aiOla announced new partnership with Cloocus
Artists Allege Meta's AI Data Deletion Request Process Is a 'Fake PR Stunt'
Startup Perplexity gets $500 million valuation to rival Google's new AI search
Jina AI Launches Open Source 8K Text Embedding, Rivalling OpenAI
How AWS is Fueling India's Space Tech Ambitions
A Deep Dive into the Safety Implications of Custom Fine-Tuning Large Language Models
A/B test in real life
Apple Hiring ML Engineer for Generative AI in Hyderabad
Atten AI
CommsCo & AI advisor Andrew Burgess launch 'AI Go-To-Market Lab'
Intel is playing catch-up in the AI race
Half of marketing leaders cite two factors a challenge to implement AI
US Trade Representative Katherine Tai dropped longstanding US digital trade demands in WTO talks, aiming to give Congress room to regulate Big Tech companies (David Lawder/Reuters)
AI-generated phishing emails are closing in on human effectiveness, IBM study reveals
Creating course content with AI
Python  magic  methods - part 2
True AI
Hyundai plans to run five US  clinics  for anti-theft software upgrades for vehicles now regularly targeted by thieves using techniques popularized on TikTok (Associated Press)
Why Databricks Acquired Arcion
AI-powered 6G networks will reshape digital interactions
This AI Paper Presents Video Language Planning (VLP): A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach that Consists of a Tree Search Procedure with Vision-Language Models and Text-to-Video Dynamics
CentML secures $27 Million Funding
Meet LAMP: A Few-Shot AI Framework for Learning Motion Patterns with Text-to-Image Diffusion Models
Mahindra Group launches India's First Home-Buying Experience on Metaverse
Revolutionizing E-commerce: 7 Innovative ChatGPT Use Cases
Heard on the Street   10/26/2023
Ironclad Leads in 2023 Gartner for Contract Life Cycle Management
The 14% Conversion Rate Growth Story: Unravelling JOE & THE JUICE's Dynamic Partnership with Pixis AI
Edge 338: Inside WebAgent: Google DeepMind's Instruction-Tuned LLM that can Complete Tasks on Websites
UK will not rush to regulate AI, Rishi Sunak says   politics live
UK PM Rishi Sunak announces plans for a new UK-based AI Safety Institute and a new AI research network, modeled on the IPCC, ahead of the AI Summit in November (Politico)
#IJCAI2023 distinguished paper: Interview with Maurice Funk   knowledge bases and querying
Pigeons problem-solve similarly to artificial intelligence, research shows
Meta says users and businesses have 600 million chats on its platforms every day
Betteromics raises $20 Million in Series A Financing
Apple to Hire ML Engineer for Generative AI in Hyderabad
Scriptomatic
Researchers from Yale and Google DeepMind Unlock Math Problem-Solving Success with Advanced Fine-Tuning Techniques on Large Language Models
How do I know if I am above intermediate in deep learning and machine learning?
Notetaking with AI.
How to Use Hugging Face AutoTrain to Fine-tune LLMs
Google adds generative AI threats to its bug bounty program
UK Banks Call for Caution on Artificial Intelligence Regulation
Announcing GA of Predictive I/O for Updates: Faster DML Queries, Right Out of the Box
While TCS Leads, Tech Mahindra Makes Strides in Generative AI
NatureEye launches immersive drone flights over world nature destinations
Google expands its bug bounty program to target generative AI attacks
Elon Musk Is Still Talking to Indonesia, Jokowi Says
New Training Method Helps AI Generalize like People Do
Google expands its bug bounty program to include generative AI, which presents different security issues, including model manipulation and unfair bias (Sarah Fielding/Engadget)
Researchers from the University of Washington and NVIDIA Propose Humanoid Agents: An Artificial Intelligence Platform for Human-like Simulations of Generative Agents
Humans Absorb Bias from AI--And Keep It after They Stop Using the Algorithm
Sunak announces UK AI safety institute but declines to support moratorium
Some AI made Halloween stickers, how do they look?
Researchers develop 'Woodpecker': A groundbreaking solution to AI's hallucination problem
Mid-career professionals, watch out. You're the most exposed to AI
Introducing Predictive Optimization: Faster Queries, Cheaper Storage, No Sweat
Google updates Maps with a flurry of AI features including 'Immersive View for routes'
Shutterstock will now let you transform real photos using AI
[R] ConvNets Match Vision Transformers at Scale
I took this free AI course for developers in one weekend and highly recommend it
Credal aims to connect company data to LLMs 'securely'
What are some good examples of catastrophic AI failures?
This new camera has Content Credentials built-in as a response to AI-generated images
Data Poisoning to Confuse Midjourney
Google Maps is getting new AI-powered search updates, an enhanced navigation interface and more
Generative AI startup 1337 (Leet) is paying users to help create AI-driven influencers
Outset is using GPT-4 to make user surveys better
Productivity Tips, Data Career Insights, and Other Recent Must-Reads
[P] Elevate Your ML Testing with pytest-visual
Google Maps is becoming more like Search   thanks to AI
Microsoft jumped headfirst into the AI race. Now it's cashing in.
Combining the Power of Text-Based Keyword and Vector Search
The restaurant nearest Google
Grammarly's new AI feature mimics users'  voice  in text generation and revision
Attend ODSC West Virtual for Free with the Open Pass
Apple's next-gen AirPods could land in 2024 with improved design and enhanced audio
After helping sift through 400m photos, GoodOnes renames to Ollie
WHO Releases Outline for Considerations in Regulating AI for Healthcare
Shutterstock Reinvents Stock Library With New Generative AI Image Editing Tools
Drag, Drop, Analyze: The Rise of No-Code Data Science
Bing's AI Refuses to Generate Photorealistic Images of Women, Saying They're  Unsafe
Meet Gradio-lite: A JavaScript Library Elevating Interactive Machine Learning-Based Library (Gradio) to the Browser with Pyodide
You Can Now Edit Images in Shutterstock's Library With AI Tools
Thanks to AI, the last new Beatles song, 'Now And Then,' will be released next week
A Visit to the Physical Internet Archive
Qualcomm Likely to Partner with Tata Group and the Indian Government
Trending AI GitHub Repos: Week of October 23, 2023
Briefing: Discord monetization strategies, Slack ditches X, Spotify growth
Datasaur launches LLM Lab to help enterprises build custom ChatGPT-like applications
Predictions 2024: Generative AI Transitions From Hype To Intent
How to Make Sure AI Doesn't Go Bad
Don't Laugh at Intel; Biden's Industry-Friendly Executive Order
Check out our GPT-4 powered CSV automations creator
LWiAI Podcast #141 - Adobe AI upgrades, Ernie 4.0, TimeGPT, No Fakes Act, AI drones
'New dangers and fears': Sunak outlines AI risks ahead of summit
Hyundai Rolls Out Anti-Theft Software Upgrade for Thefts Spurred by TikTok's 'Kia Challenge'
NVIDIA DGX Cloud and AI Enterprise Now in Oracle Cloud Marketplace
LLM for Synthetic Time Series Data Generation
AI can alert urban planners and policymakers to cities' decay
Exclusive collection of free SVG icons download for commercial projects without attribution
Overview of PEFT: State-of-the-art Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning
Oh-Auth - Abusing OAuth to take over millions of accounts
Top deep-tech jobs and where to find them in Ireland right now
Powering your Copilot for Data   with Artem Keydunov of Cube.dev
Everything You Need to Know About Microsoft's New $5 Billion Investment in Australia
The SPVs Behind Venture Capital's Biggest Bets
Announcing Data Annotation Queues
Appdome named Top InfoSec Innovator for 2023
Proximity Analysis to Find the Nearest Bar Using Python
Stealthy social commerce startup taps into Meta roots to create AI-first brand messaging
'AI advancement driving engagement': Here's how Wall Street is reacting to Meta's 3rd-quarter earnings
UK paper highlights AI risks ahead of global Safety Summit
Spam is about to get even more terrible
Study shows same movement patterns used by wide range of organisms, with implications for cognition and robotics
Honor teases the Magic 6 smartphone with eye-tracking and a built-in LLM
Generative AI Pushed Us to the AI Tipping Point
.AI Domain Names Skyrocket in Value With Recent Record Sales
10 Essential LLMs Topics to Know, LLMOps and MLOps, and Trending Open-Source Data Visualization.
IBM's New AI Chip that Mimics Human Brain Outperforms GPUs
How to Write AI Art Prompts Effectively with Examples
UK gov't outlines AI risks in new report ahead of AI Safety Summit
Making genetic prediction models more inclusive
How AI Can Enhance User Experience of VR Devices
New Infosys Report Shows Generative AI Creates Enterprise Agility, Yet Data And Skills Threaten Progress
Amazon Unveils Generative AI Synthetic Image Tool for Advertisers
Exploring the details of an energy-saving AI chip
The Beatles' final song is coming together through the power of artificial intelligence
Can AI Ever Be Made Safe?
4 Things IT Leaders Can Do Now To Build the Future Tech Team They Want
Boston Dynamics turned its robot dog into a talking tour guide with ChatGPT
How the Foundation Model Transparency Index Distorts Transparency
Exclusive: Ilya Sutskever, OpenAI's chief scientist, on his hopes and fears for the future of AI
Strategic Data Analysis (Part 3): Diagnostic Questions
Axiado Integrates Caliptra 1.0 Silicon RoT into its TCU Product
I'm a 'data analyst' who in practice is actually just a software engineer. Was I bamboozled, or did I misunderstand the role
Microsoft and Open Source give OpenAI a hard time - Report
Unlearning  in AI: The New Frontier Challenging Data Privacy Norms and Reshaping Security Protocols
Uber starts offering fully autonomous Waymo rides in Phoenix
Deepfakes in warfare: new concerns emerge from their use around the Russian invasion of Ukraine
Top 12 Python Web Development Frameworks In 2023
Luminar Neo brings generative AI tools to hobbyist photographers
Is my co-worker AI? Bizarre product reviews leave Gannett staff wondering
Establishing Standards for Responsible Generative AI
Deep Dive into ESA's Sentinel API
[P] TorchPairwise: Highly efficient library for pairwise metrics for PyTorch
Shutterstock debuts an AI image editor for its 750-million picture library
Project Silica: Sustainable cloud archival storage in glass
No Coding Required: 5 Mind-Blowing Uses of GPT-4
Clarity AI and Radient AI announce Strategic Partnership
Why Read Books When You Can Use Chatbots to Talk to Them Instead?
Microsoft reorgs its Xbox and marketing teams to prepare for an AI and gaming future
Sloan's Inbox: Considering a career change from coding to graphic design, any advice?
'It's great . except when it's not': RishGPT reveals his insights on AI | John Crace
Engineers develop breakthrough 'robot skin'
The Godmother of AI Calls for US 'Moonshot' Investment in the Technology
Hacktoberfest 2023 Reflections
Credit: DALL-E 3
Magic Leap's new CEO is a Bain Capital exec
AI, machine learning, and robotics are making the retail supply chain more efficient and resilient &mdash; a welcome shift after several rocky years
OpenAI Is Starting a New Team to Reduce Risk From Future AI
OpenAI forms team to study 'catastrophic' AI risks, including nuclear threats
[R] QMoE: Practical Sub-1-Bit Compression of Trillion-Parameter Models - Institute of Science and Technology Austria (ISTA) 2023 - Can compress the 1.6 trillion parameter SwitchTransformer-c2048 model to less than 160GB (20x compression, 0.8 bits per
YouTube Music Rolls Out Generative AI-Powered Playlist Art Creator
OpsCanvas Emerges from Stealth Mode with its Cloud Deployment Solution Using Generative IaC
OpenAI Introduces Preparedness Team To Mitigate AGI Risks
New inspection method increases confidence in laser powder bed fusion 3D printing
Forbes now has its own AI search engine
Google AI Boss Says AI Is an Existential Threat to Humankind
Rand Study: Despite Safeguards, AI Enables Bioweapons Attacks
HG Insights publishes the First Annual AI 1000
What is the most unique, out of the box, or exciting application of DS you've used/thought of?
Amazon Ads rolls out generative AI for ad image composition
Intel reports Q3 revenue down 8% YoY to $14.2B, Data Center and AI revenue down 10% YoY to $3.8B, and forecasts Q4 revenue above estimates; INTC jumps 6%+ (Chavi Mehta/Reuters)
New Code Cookbooks & AssemblyAI's Q4 Product Enhancements
OpenAI forms new team to assess 'catastrophic risks' of AI
OpenAI forms Preparedness, a new team to assess, evaluate, and probe AI models to protect against  catastrophic risks , including biological and nuclear threats (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
imops - ultra fast classical CV algorithms for Python
Generative AI training data sets are now trackable   and often legally complicated
[R] What Algorithms can Transformers Learn? A Study in Length Generalization
Invertible neural network tool helps optimize airfoil design
Qualcomm Claims Snapdragon X Elite Platform for Windows PCs Will Rival Apple Chips
Amazon Cranks Up Its AI Euphoria
Bitcoin surges to 18-month high, but GPU mining remains dead
OpenAI to Offer $25,000 API Credits in AI Preparedness Challenge
Energy-saving AI chip
LexisNexis Launches Lexis+ AI, Generative AI for Lawyers Powered by OpenAI and Anthropic
UK PM Sunak Urges Balanced Rules on AI, Invites China to Summit
The Code Whisper Magic with Amazon Code Whisperer
Stability AI General Counsel, HR Chief Depart From Startup
PHUSE Connect EU 2023    Clinical Data Science Conference   Coming in Early November
Which Data Format to Use For Your Big Data Project?
Making ChatGPT do Clean Code
Read with Me: A Causality Book Club
Recap: Amazon beats estimates for Q3 sales and profit, CEO says its AI business is already 'significant'
This Week's Most Read: DALL-E 3 Comes to ChatGPT
Why Gradient Boosted Decision Trees are so underappreciated in the industry?
Now add a walrus: Prompt engineering in DALL-E 3
Fintech Meltdown, Working for Musk, Regulating AI: WTF Highlights
Leaked: New Web Development Tools from Google
IMPACT: The Data Observability Summit is back November 8th and the lineup is bigger and better than EVER!
AIs could soon run businesses   it's an opportunity to ensure these 'artificial persons' follow the law
Hey tech billionaires, if you want to talk about radical change, let's abolish venture capitalism| Samantha Floreani
Leica Hopes Its New $9,500 Camera Can Save Photojournalism From AI
This Boston Dynamics Robot Dog Uses ChatGPT to Sound Vaguely British
Meet FreeU: A Novel AI Technique To Enhance Generative Quality Without Additional Training Or Fine-tuning
Why Probabilistic Linkage is More Accurate than Fuzzy Matching or Term Frequency based approaches
How to Create a Time Series Network Graph Visualization in Python
UN chief appoints advisory panel on international governance of AI
Robot stand-in mimics your movements in VR
Finally!
My Blonde GF:  a disturbing story of deepfake pornography
Cranium raises $25M to fund enterprise AI monitoring, security, and compliance platform
Cranium, which provides enterprise AI security and trust software and spun out of KPMG in April 2023, raised a $25M Series A led by Telstra Ventures (Duncan Riley/SiliconANGLE)
Meta AI Introduces Habitat 3.0, Habitat Synthetic Scenes Dataset, and HomeRobot: 3 Major Advancements in the Development of Social Embodied AI Agents
Intel revenue falls 8% to $14.2B in Q3
It's Back to the Database Future for Exasol CEO Tewes
[R] Linear Representations of Sentiment in Large Language Models
Can LangChain Survive Multi-Agents' Winter?
NodeJS: Blurring Human Faces in Photos
What is considered a  high-value  data scientist and how do you become one?
IriusRisk Brings Threat Modeling to Machine Learning Systems
GM's Cruise Halts Self-Driving Operations Across the US After Regulator Safety Fears
Making PostgreSQL tick: New features in pg_cron
Cruise pauses all driverless operations two days after the California DMV suspended its permits, but will continue operating supervised autonomous vehicles (Kirsten Korosec/TechCrunch)
A Top Japan Fund Manager Snaps Up Chip Stocks on AI, EVs Demand
'EU's AI act could kill our company,' says Mistral's Cdric O
Meet the startup using AI to automate code for Citi and JPMorgan
DeepMind Verifies ConvNets Can Match Vision Transformers at Scale
10 Best Sales Engagement Platforms
Outlier Detection with Scikit-Learn and Matplotlib: a Practical Guide
Well Log Measurement Prediction Using Neural Networks with Keras
Cloud's Crucial Role in Chatbot Revolution
Managing Multiple CUDA Versions on a Single Machine: A Comprehensive Guide
Tesla Faces Self-Driving Challenger as Geely and Baidu Launch EV
How much time do you guys spend in PowerPoint?
Meet The New AI Unicorns Of 2023
PM Modi Unveils Vision for Thriving Semiconductor Ecosystem at India Mobile Congress
How we Built an Open-Source RAG-based ChatGPT Web App
'Hard Fork': The People vs. Meta + Marques Brownlee on YouTube and Future Tech + DALL-E 3 Arrives
Google Maps gets AI features and neural radiance fields for immersive routes
ChatGPT Breaks Limits: New Update Extends Knowledge Beyond 2023
[R] A deep dive on MemGPT with the lead author Charles Packer
IBM Launches Gen-AI-powered Watsonx Code Assistant for Enterprise
Reliance Jio Unveils JioSpaceFiber: India's First Satellite Broadband
Generative AI Sparks Talk of Profit, Not Fun From Tech Companies
PAXAFE announces strategic partnership with Transposafe
AI Experts Propose   Investment Rule for Governments Globally
Revolutionizing Marketing: The Impact of Artificial Intelligence
IBM Introduces a Brain-Inspired Computer Chip that Could Supercharge Artificial Intelligence (AI) by Working Faster with Much Less Power
Europe headed for century of humiliation: Graphcore CEO | Fortune
Front-End Development & Design Tools
Introduction to GenAI: What are LLM Models, and How Are They Used in GenAI?
The UN creates a 39-member body, including tech executives, government officials, and academics, to examine issues in the international governance of AI (Supantha Mukherjee/Reuters)
Tsinghua University Researchers Propose Latent Consistency Models (LCMs): The Next Generation of Generative AI Models after Latent Diffusion Models (LDMs)
An early Christmas gift to myself
Cruise puts robotaxi operations on pause following California license suspension
Guest Post: The Coming Wave of Specialized AI*
Citi Used Generative AI to Read 1,089 Pages of New Capital Rules
Microsoft invested $13B in genAI   does Copilot for Windows show it's a bad bet?
Kochi-based Nimo Planet Unveils  Apple Vision Pro-like  Spatial Computer That Fits in Your Pocket
US immigration enforcement used an AI-powered tool to scan social media posts  derogatory  to the US
Kochi-based Nimo Planet Unveils  Apple Vision Pro-like  Spatial Computer That Fit in A Pocket
OpenAI's newest safety team prepares for catastrophic AI risks
Challenging Bigtech's Generative AI Narrative
User Engagement Thrives as Meta's AI Recommendations Shine
Generative AI Highlights the Need for Identity Verification
AI explains why a human simply talking with a more intelligent AI would, by those conversations, become more intelligent.
Cruise halts robotaxi services nationwide in bid to 'earn public trust'
AI at the edge: Fast times ahead for 5G and the Internet of Things
Thai Tycoon's Green Push Sparks Cash Strain, Sinking His Stock
Training ImageNet on Resnet - Dropping LR has little improvement on accuracy [D]
Combining Speech Recognition and Diarization in one model
Quoting Chris Albon
Businesses are using SEO-driven names like Thai Food Near Me and Dentist Near Me to optimize for Google Search, but the scheme is likely technically ineffective (Mia Sato/The Verge)
UN panel to recommend how to govern use of AI
SourceCode announced a landmark partnership with Eviden
Sources detail the rushed timeline for the UK's AI Summit, its expanded scope, which now covers everything from healthcare to deepfakes, and more (Financial Times)
Tech Mahindra Takes a Quarterly Dip Sportively
The Time is Now for Green AI
UN launches international advisory body on AI governance
Future-Proof Your Data Game: Top Skills Every Data Scientist Needs in 2023
The Download: OpenAI's top scientist on AGI, and gene therapy to restore hearing
EXL's Data-Driven Strategy Leads to Consistent Growth
Clinical Generative AI Assistant Startup Abridge Raises $30M
How to use hackathons to unlock big ideas in AI
UN creates AI advisory body to 'maximise' benefits for humankind
The Frontier of Artificial Intelligence (AI) Agent Evolution
Microsoft Ireland brings free AI skills schemes to Irish learners of all ages
Microsoft Wins the Cloud Battle, Again
Transfer SQL-> analytics 30x faster with ConnectorX + arrow + dlt
Qualcomm to Collaborate with Airtel and Jio for 6G Network Deployment
Shutterstock's images will now be fully customizable with these new AI features
How To Create A Competitive Analysis with ChatGPT
OpenAI, Google and an  digital anthropologist : the UN forms a high level board to explore AI governance
What Lurks in the Dark: Taking Aim at Shadow AI
Sure, Microsoft grabbed the headlines, but Amazon still top dog in the cloud
AI will reshape the IT Industry and the way Businesses Operate
Google expands bug bounty program to include rewards for AI attack scenarios
It's a  fake PR stunt : Artists hate Meta's AI data deletion process
Pax8 and CyberFOX partner for Comprehensive IAM Solutions
A group behind Stable Diffusion wants to open source emotion-detecting AI
Opaque Systems appoints Aaron Fulkerson as Chief Executive Officer
AI uses vibrations in smartphone camera's image stabilizing to eavesdrop
OpenAI Says It's Fine If ChatGPT Occasionally Accuses Innocent People of Crimes
Creating a seamless deep learning infrastructure
[D] What role does data quality plays in the LLM scaling laws?
How to download and install Python 3 for Mac
Generative AI: The First Draft, Not Final
Midjourney Wins Battle of the Image Upscalers, But With a Catch
Usefulness of Six-Sigma
IBM launches AI-powered Watsonx Code Assistant for translating COBOL programs into Java code
[Python   Mastery] Python's Object-Oriented Programming Overview and Fundamentals
Data Engineering for Beginners: A Step-by-Step Guide
Video-to-Text is Here!
[D] MiniGPT-5 Question - What is the purpose of having multiple image tokens in the vocabulary if the hidden state of the transformer is passed on as  vokens  to the image generation? If you are using the model's hidden state, what purpose does multi
Has Humane Created the Next iPhone or the Next Google Glass?
The UN Wants to Figure Out Just How Dangerous AI Is
Prepare For AI To Free Up Frontline Marketing's Technical Dependencies
AAAI Fall Symposium: Patrcia Alves-Oliveira on human-robot interaction design
Want Better Image Models? More Compute is All You Need
Stability AI participating in the UK Government's AI Safety Summit
Quantisation and co. Reducing inference times on LLMs by 80%
PocDoc selected by Roche Diagnostics to Join Startup Creasphere
Stability AI Participating in the UK Government's AI Safety Summit
How to Use Speech to Text for Ad Targeting & Brand Protection
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: Aiolos Bio, Island And Pony.ai Nab Large Raises
How Will AI Enhance Platform Engineering and DevEx?
How OpenAI is using ChatGPT prompt engineering to get around fundamental biases in DALL-E 3, discourage it from recreating the work of living artists, and more (Simon Willison's Weblog)
Data Formulator: A concept-driven, AI-powered approach to data visualization
Sight, hearing, smell, taste, touch &mdash; could generative AI soon be added to our list of senses?
How to get better at PowerPoint?
Pro Weekly: How Our Readers Are Using AI
[D] Imbue/Generally Intelligent
Decision Science Meets Design
Python Callables: The Basics and the Secrets
7 Steps to Mastering Data Wrangling with Pandas and Python
No 10 plays down worries about Sunak's AI safety summit having few top leaders
AskEllyn Bridges the Support Gap for Breast Cancer Patients Through AI
Google expands Vulnerability Rewards Program to tackle generative AI's unique cyberthreats
ChatGPT, what senses and feelings might a superintelligent AI have?
Artificial Intelligence and Legal Identity
Artists and Photographers Bemoan There is No Way to Opt Out of Meta's AI
Advanced API Performance: Descriptors
Don't Apply to Tech Without Mastering These 6 Must-Have Data Science Skills   A Spotify Data.
Intelligent Document Processing with AWS AI Services and Amazon Bedrock
AIs could soon run businesses it's an opportunity to ensure these 'artificial persons' follow the law
AI is going to make Big Tech even bigger, and richer
The best robot vacuums of 2023: Expert tested and reviewed
First-ever study of wartime deepfakes reveals their impact on news media
Blue Eye Samurai's Showrunners Took Their Time With Each Episode
Using large language models to enable open-world, interactive and personalized robot navigation
Biden to Sign Executive Order on AI Regulation
Applying a neuroscientific lens to the feasibility of artificial consciousness
Artificial intelligence raises questions on intellectual property and ownership
People are speaking with ChatGPT for hours, bringing 2013's Her closer to reality
Uni3D: Exploring Unified 3D Representation at Scale
OpenAI forms new team whose mission includes researching and preparing for catastrophic scenarios like biological and nuclear threats
This AI Paper Unveils the Secrets to Optimizing Large Language Models: Balancing Rewards and Preventing Overoptimization
Sources: Humane set its ~$1K Ai Pin launch for Oct. 14, during the solar eclipse, but moved it to Nov. 9 as reports of Sam Altman and Jony Ive's device surfaced (Julia Black/The Information)
[R] TD-MPC2: Scalable, Robust World Models for Continuous Control - TD-MPC2 performs 100+ tasks without tuning, and enables training of a single 317M parameter model that performs 80 tasks across multiple domains, embodiments, and action spaces!
KDnuggets News, October 27: 5 Free Books to Master Data Science   7 Steps to Mastering LLMs
Big Tech's massive ad businesses are getting a boost from AI
Google Maps Gets Major Update: Immersive 3D Views, AR Search
Google Maps Now Uses AI to Find Where People Are Having Fun
And you guys spend like 4 years into useless masters?
Super Charge Your ML Systems In 4 Simple Steps
Let's Talk: Conversational Software Development
Generating videos with Show-1
[D] Why choose an H100 over an A100 for LLM inference?
Biden to Require AI Tools Pass Test Before US Officials Buy Them
Researchers find using MARL AI results in better urban planning outcomes
Didn't realize how insane the market is
How Machine Learning Could Result In Great Applications for Your Business
Alan Wake 2 will boot on GeForce GTX 10 and Radeon 5000 GPUs (running it is another story)
The AI I want to see in the world: 5 ways it could manage my Gmail inbox for me
The One AI Skill That Worries Sam Altman More Than Intelligence
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Wants to Compete for AI Dominance on Android
New parallel hybrid network achieves better performance through quantum-classical collaboration
AI chip startup Graphcore was meant to be a hot Nvidia rival. Industry insiders now think it's up for sale.
Google loses fight to hide 2021 money pit: $26B in default contracts
Sources: Google invested $500M upfront in Anthropic and agreed to add $1.5B more over time (Wall Street Journal)
How Bluedot built with AssemblyAI to increase user conversion rate
Two Weeks of Generative AI News - SEO in Crisis, OpenAI Economics, Midjourney, Google, Baidu, NVIDIA & More
ChatGPT seems to be confused about when its knowledge ends
NASA funds AI lasers to zap space junk
Cruise blues: Robotaxi firm pauses all driverless operations
AI News Roundup: AI Resurrects The Beatles for 'Final' Song
Few APAC firms will benefit from AI due to doubt and data management
Got a Tesla interview, how do I prep my SQL and Python?
AI's proxy war heats up as Google reportedly backs Anthropic with $2B
Meet Llemma: The Next-Gen Mathematical Open-Language Model Surpassing Current Benchmarks
What AI Means for the Future of Leadership
What skills should Data Scientist with 1 YOE is expected to know?
XGBoost: A Comprehensive Guide, Model Overview, Analysis, and Code Demo using Paperspace GPUs
Google Map's new AI-powered Immersive View gives you more route detail than ever
Ex-Judge Urges US Courts to Change Rules on AI Evidence
Intel shows recovery in PCs but faces competition in AI, data centers
OpenAI assembles team of experts to fight 'catastrophic' AI risks - including nuclear war
Tech layoffs are back with a vengeance
List of Artificial Intelligence AI Advancements by Non-Profit Researchers
Did A.I. Write Product Reviews? Gannett Says No.
Using Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning results in better urban planning outcomes
Google's new tools help users verify the authenticity of images online faster
Confessions of an AI deepfake propagandist: using ElevenLabs to clone Jill Biden's voice
[Python] Project ideas for every level of advancement
Humane's Ai Pin could cost $1,000   and require a subscription
A Comprehensive Review of Video Diffusion Models in the Artificial Intelligence Generated Content (AIGC)
Nearly 5,000 Thai workers have fled Israel since the Hamas terror attacks that killed 33 of them
Google to Invest $2 Billion in AI Startup Anthropic
Google's Bard chatbot now responds in real time   and you can shut it up mid-sentence
This new camera embeds authenticity details in photos, but it doesn't come cheap
Google To Invest $2B In Anthropic As AI Funding Wars Heat Up
Gaza's phone and internet services have completely collapsed
Which one works best for you: Next JS vs React JS?
5 Steps to Build Beautiful Line Charts with Python
Meet FourCastNet: A Global Data-Driven Weather Forecasting Model Revolutionizing Weather Predictions with Fast and Accurate Deep Learning Approach
OpenAI Team Tasked With Stopping AI From Triggering Nuclear Armageddon
[Project] LLM inference with vLLM and AMD: Achieving LLM inference parity with Nvidia
A US executive order, expected to be issued as soon as October 30, will require firms building powerful AI models to report how they plan to protect their tech (Politico)
WTH is Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)?
Adept AI Open-Sources Fuyu-8B: A Multimodal Architecture for Artificial Intelligence Agents
Evaluation of diffuse reflectance spectroscopy for predicting age, species, and cuticular resistance of Anopheles gambiae s.l under laboratory conditions
why learn web (javascript) ML(machine learning) 2024
Perplexity in AI Models: A Simple Explanation
Google invests two billion dollars in ChatGPT competitor Anthropic
New analysis in Science explores artificial intelligence and interspecific law
Online machine learning for stream wastewater influent flow rate prediction under unprecedented emergencies
What is Python Turtle Graphics?
Exploring new subgroups for irritable bowel syndrome using a machine learning algorithm
Infosys Generative AI Radar Report
[R] EMNLP 2023: Fast and Accurate Factual Inconsistency Detection Over Long Documents IMPROVES Pre-Trained Model's Hallucination Detection Capabilities With No Fine-Tuning Necessary
A profile of, and interview with, OpenAI Chief Scientist Ilya Sutskever, who made a  superalignment  team to safely build and control superintelligent AI models (Will Douglas Heaven/MIT Technology Review)
Revolutionizing Video Object Segmentation: Unveiling Cutie with Advanced Object-Level Memory Reading Techniques
Researchers at Northwestern University have Proposed a Groundbreaking Machine-Learning Framework for off-grid Medical Data Classification Cutting AI Energy Use by 99%
Meet GPT-4V-Act: A Multimodal AI Assistant that Harmoniously Combines GPT-4V(ision) with a Web Browser
When do you select features to use for your model?
Sam Altman Warns That AI Is Learning  Superhuman Persuasion
Revolutionizing Data Processing with 'Smart Fill': Google Sheets' AI-Powered Solution
Zero income tax and tight security makes Dubai one of the best destinations for a 'workation,' study finds
Insider Today: Judging an AI career coach
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 16/10 to 22/10
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 16/10 to 22/10
France's New AI Champion Scares Silicon Valley
Meta AI Researchers Introduce GenBench: A Revolutionary Framework for Advancing Generalization in Natural Language Processing
How to Create Images With ChatGPT's New Dall-E 3 Integration
Covid-19 Sentiment Analysis
According to Aristotle, Would ChatGPT Be Able to Think?
No Coding, Just Creativity: 5 Cool Things You Can Do with GPT-4
Debunking The Bias Myth
Science as a superhuman recursively self improving problem solving system
Pyimagesearch's customer service is the worst!
Race to AI: the origins of artificial intelligence, from Turing to ChatGPT
Boston Dynamics integrates GPT-4 with Spot and discovers emerging capabilities
ChatGPT might have been updated with more recent information
Simple Text Classification Using Fasttext
This AI Research from China Introduces Character-LLM that Teaches LLMs to Act as Specific People such as Beethoven, Queen Cleopatra, Julius Caesar, etc.
How AI masters the art of speech in video dubbing
Who is Responsible for Climate Change?   A Graphical Approach
Why Google and OpenAI Should Consider Open Sourcing Old Models
Is it Time to Start Talking About Prompt Architecture in LLMs?
Elon Musk says Starlink will offer internet access in Gaza to 'internationally recognized aid organizations'
Meet 3D-GPT: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Instruction-Driven 3D Modelling that Makes Use of Large Language Models (LLMs)
Amazon's Tye Brady discusses generative AI, humanoid robots and mobile manipulation
A New Deep Learning Research Identifies Antimalarial Drug as a Possible Treatment for Osteoporosis
Some artists who tried to use Meta's request form to delete their info from its AI training data say the process is frustrating; one calls it a  fake PR stunt  (Kate Knibbs/Wired)
Towards zero-shot NeRFs: New HyperFields method generates 3D objects from text
'Giving computers a sense of smell': the quest to scientifically map odours
[R] HyperFields: towards zero-shot NeRFs from text descriptions
One AI Device to Rule Them All
Cruise's Suspension Marks a Setback for GM CEO Barra's Vision
Katy Perry, ChatGPT Vacations and an Enthusiastic Return to Office: Inside The Information's WTF Conference
Have a doctor explain to a patient that the diagnosis was made by an AI doctor twice as intelligent as, and vastly more knowledgeable than, the top human doctor in any medical specialty
[D][R]What type of data streams('im2col' matrix or regular conv) do commercial NPUs typically use for CNN? And where are 'im2col' implemented, softwave(CPU) or HW accelerator for those situations where 'im2col' is required
This AI Safety Summit Is a Doomer's Paradise
AI firms may pay a high price for their software's artistic abilities | John Naughton
Beta Distributions: A Cornerstone of Bayesian Calibration
Swap Faces Seamlessly with the Faceswap Model
Meteor Lake CPUs, now shipping to manufacturers, can run Dying Light 2 on integrated graphics
PSA: Don't become DS. Be a DA instead.
Q&A with Discord's head of trust and safety John Redgrave on the content moderation challenges in the age of generative AI, exploring E2EE on Discord, and more (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
Constrained Optimization and the KKT Conditions
100 Israeli warplanes bomb 150 'underground targets' in the hunt for Hamas tunnels in Gaza dubbed the 'metro'
Exploratory Data Analysis: What Do We Know About YouTube Channels
Sources: the UK government is working with OpenAI to develop Gov.uk Chat, an AI chatbot to help people pay taxes and access pensions (Telegraph)
[Discussion]About to begin my PhD in Multi-Modality AI, any suggestions?
Meet Eureka: A Human-Level Reward Design Algorithm Powered by Large Language Model LLMs
Microsoft's AI boost helped cloud business outpace rivals Amazon and Google
[P] Anomaly detection and/or predictive maintenance for automatic weather stations, what are some best models or techniques?
A New AI Research from Fujitsu Improves Weakly-Supervised Action Segmentation For Human-Robot Interaction With Action-Union Learning
[Meta] New Automod Rule - Minimum Comment Karma before Submissions
Can AI lift our spirits?
What would you classify my job as? DS, DA, DE, Glorified Excel Monkey
[Python] A Comprehensive Guide to Scraping Instagram Data. How to bypass Instagram login while scraping - Meta Spy
Pigeons solve problems the same way AI does, study says
Learning resources for a new DS manager?
How's the DA job market looking for people with experience?
Recently Accepted into Masters Program and Seeking Views on Job Market
AI fakes related to the Israel-Hamas war have been limited and unconvincing, but the possibility of such fakes circulating leads some to dismiss genuine content (New York Times)
[D]Three things I think should get more attention in large language models
Linear Algebra: Invertibility
Enhancing Engineering Design Evaluation through Comprehensive Metrics for Deep Generative Models
Enhancing Customer Experiences: A Key Benefit of Chatbots for Websites
Anthropic Secures $2 Billion in New Funding from Google
I Have Tried Over 100 AI Tools In The Past 6 Months , These Are The 8 Best
As Cruise suspends all driverless operations, a look at the lack of clear federal regulations and fragmented oversight governing self-driving cars in the US (Trisha Thadani/Washington Post)
Build WebSocket Server and Client in Python
Amazon MSK Replicator: Active-Passive and Active-Active Clusters for Apache Kafka Service
[D] Batch sizes per GPU when fine tuning BERT with pytorch
[D] What are people working on when they say they work on Causal ML?
AI promises incredible benefits, but also terrible risks. It's not luddism to rein it in | Sonia Sodha
NYU Researchers have Created a Neural Network for Genomics that can Explain How it Reaches its Predictions
Boffins find AI stumbles when quizzed on the tough stuff
Deepfakes in warfare: New concerns emerge from their use around the Russian invasion of Ukraine
What does membership to ACL do?
Python package for statistical data animations
Pipeline Dreams: Automating ML Training on AWS
Decoding Machine Learning: Unveiling the Learning Process
The job market is so frustrating
UK Royal Astronomer Says Alien Life Might Be Mega-Weird AI
What the evolution of our own brains can tell us about the future of AI
What's your educational background
Hybrid AI is the future of responsible and user-centric technology
AI doomsday warnings a distraction from the danger it already poses, warns expert
[R] PubDef: Defending Against Transfer Attacks Using Public Models
Data Machina #225
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/28/2023
A look at physics-informed approaches to machine learning, which are in early stages and can help AI tackle hard problems in robotics, science, and engineering (Christopher Mims/Wall Street Journal)
Meet GROOT: A Robust Imitation Learning Framework for Vision-Based Manipulation with Object-Centric 3D Priors and Adaptive Policy Generalization
GPT-4 evolves into a more flexible  supermodel  with OpenAI's latest ChatGPT update
Data teams can deliver 10x better to the rest of us
Joy Buolamwini:  We're giving AI companies a free pass
Optimizing Computational Costs with AutoMix: An AI Strategic Approach to Leveraging Large Language Models from the Cloud
Big Tech Companies Are Not Even Trying to Build Better AI
How to get started with Meta's Llama 2 - guide
New index rates transparency of ten foundation model companies, and finds them lacking
Document: the G7 plans to agree to a voluntary, 11-point code of conduct on October 30 for companies developing advanced AI systems, seeking to mitigate risks (Foo Yun Chee/Reuters)
Geometric Data Analysis Explained [R]
DeepMind's X-Embodiment and RT-X: Training Robots to Learn from Each Other
Apple's upgraded 2nd-gen AirPods Pro with USB-C are $50 off right now
Generative AI is the New Wall Street Earnings Kingmaker, and Microsoft is the New Earnings King
Data is the Foundation of Language Models
Transfer Learning For Beginner
EU AI act: A deep dive into Europe's bold move to regulate artificial intelligence
Generative AI's Energy Problem Today is Foundational
These skills could earn you more money and help futureproof your career
The Rise of Two-Tower Models in Recommender Systems
[R] What infrastructure do you use to train big LLMs?
AI and Me: How Image Generation is Changing My Role as a Photographer
Introducing anomalize for timetk in R (For Time Series Anomaly Detection)
Taking over new role as DS manager
A peek under the hood of James Allen's new customer support chatbot
The Path from $1 Trillion to a $2 Trillion Market Cap Will be Harder for Generative AI Star Nvidia
PubDef: Defending Against Transfer Attacks Using Public Models
I landed my first Data job, what's next?
Building Analytically Mature Organizations (AMO)
Artificial Intelligence: An Enabler or a Detriment?
AI This Week: Cruise's Robotaxi Meltdown
Synthedia Surpasses 500k Page Views and 370 Posts
How have you approached training yourself to become better at business acumen/context for your DS work?
decapoda-research llama models removed from HuggingFace? [D]
An interview with Vinod Khosla on the investor frenzy around AI, why the US should use all the tools at its disposal to win the AI race with China, and more (George Hammond/Financial Times)
ChatGPT Plus users report an  All Tools  feature and capabilities for analyzing docs like PDFs have been added, potentially sidelining 3rd-party ChatGPT plugins (Kristi Hines/Search Engine Journal)
DUDE GOING WILD
Exploring the role of labeled data in machine learning
Enterprise Readiness For Generative AI Adoption
ChatGPT Plus members can upload and analyze files in the latest beta
Researchers from Columbia University and Apple Introduce Ferret: A Groundbreaking Multimodal Language Model for Advanced Image Understanding and Description
[D] Fuyu-8B: A Multimodal Architecture for AI Agents
Google's Strategic Expansion in AI: A $2 Billion Bet on Anthropic
Deep Q Learnig with PyTorch
Python library to interactively filter a dataframe?
New techniques efficiently accelerate sparse tensors for massive AI models
Accelerating AI tasks while preserving data security
Spain fires the starting gun for its AI sandbox
[P] Equinox compilation retnet
The brain may learn about the world the same way some computational models do
'Nobody should overreact' against EU's AI Act, Spain's AI minister says
Deep Neural Networks and Overfitting
Companies aren't spending big on AI. Here's why that cautious approach makes sense
Language Translation using PyTorch Transformer
5 Ways DevOps Teams take Advantage of AI
All The Right Friends II: clustering papers using Google Scholar data
Java News Roundup: Helidon 4.0, Eclipse Serializer 1.0, JEPs for JDK 22
AEYE Health and Topcon Screen announced partnership
Skyroot Aerospace Raises $27.5M, Prepares to Launch into Global Satellite Market
Proteomics reveal biomarkers for diagnosis, disease activity and long-term disability outcomes in multiple sclerosis
Nextbase unveils AI-based smart dash cam as driver guardian
[R] SuperResolution: DLSS, VSR
Biden to Issue First Regulations on Artificial Intelligence Systems
WatchNow AI 2.0
Botsheets
AMD Paving AI's Road from Edge & Beyond
Goldsky's Streaming-First Architecture for Blockchain Data with Flink,  Redpanda and Kubernetes
Will Socrates and AI meet the same fate?
[P] ROS Forecasting project
ICMR Data Leak Exposes 81.5M Indians' Personal Information
Quants With $23 Trillion See AI Takeover Even as They Hold Back
Boston Dynamics teaches robo-dog to recognise speech, respond using ChatGPT
Synergy Research Group releases new research data
Reimagine Existing Data & Tech in CXM
Hyperaide
Why Intel is Betting Big on Chip Manufacturing
Getting Smart With Cybersecurity: AI Can Help the Good Guys, Too
UK prepares to host global leaders' gathering on AI
Transforming spatiotemporal data analysis with GPUs and generative AI
Large language models are powerful imitators, but not innovators
Biden signs an EO on generative AI, directing the NIST, DHS, and other agencies to create new safety standards, protect privacy, support workers, and more (Emilia David/The Verge)
Maintaining a work life balance
[Free E-Book] The World of Vector Databases & AI Applications!
Tech Mahindra to Launch OpenAI Rival 'Project Indus' Early Next Year
Joe Biden's Sweeping New Executive Order Aims to Drag the US Government into the Age of ChatGPT
KAYTUS unveils Next-Generation Liquid Cooling Servers
Sweeping White House executive order takes aim at AI's toughest challenges
Biden releases AI executive order directing agencies to develop safety guidelines
Ahead of the UK's AI Safety Summit, over 100 individuals and labor groups accuse the government of  squeezing out  workers from the event in favor of Big Tech (Cristina Criddle/Financial Times)
Understanding the Difference Between GPT and LLM: Deciphering AI Language Models
Building a Q&A app with LangChain and Google PaLM 2
This AI Paper Introduces POYO-1: An Artificial Intelligence Framework Deciphering Neural Activity across Large-Scale Recordings with Deep Learning
UN sets up advisory team to coordinate 'inclusive' AI governance
'Data poisoning' anti-AI theft tools emerge   but are they ethical?
Access Amazon Bedrock with CLI, SDK, API Gateway, and AppSync
Crowdworks joins forces with Incubateur HEC Paris in a Collaboration
Just one in ten UK orgs have significant AI investment plan
Biden issues executive order to ensure responsible AI development
50+ New Cutting-Edge Artificial Intelligence AI Tools (November 2023)
We didn't think ChatGPT was very good when we released it, OpenAI's chief scientist says
Guest Post: Adala   The First Open Source Data-Labeling Agent*
Traders Abandon China's 'Copper King' as Metals Woes Spread
AI Modi started as a joke, but it could win him votes
UK launches 100M AI fund to help treat incurable diseases
And the AI Winner is Open-Source
How Former Googlers' VC Firm Invests In Everything From LLMs To AI Doing Drug Discovery
Morgen Assist + OpenAI generate my daily plan + send it to my Slack. Here's how.
Google Brain cofounder says Big Tech companies are lying about the risks of AI wiping out humanity because they want to dominate the market
We need to focus on the AI harms that already exist
Biden Signs Sweeping Executive Order Regulating Artificial Intelligence
Generative AI Is Playing a Surprising Role in Israel-Hamas Disinformation
Using ChatGPT for accounting? You may want to think again
OpenAI readying team to prevent AI from starting a nuclear war
Kickstart Your Business to the Next Level with AI Inferencing
Biden to unveil 'sweeping' action to reduce AI risks
Data Science Hiring Process at Happiest Minds
Blank review   author held hostage by AI as near-future thriller enters Misery territory
President Biden issues executive order to set standards for AI safety and security
Active Learning with Domain Experts - A Case Study on Working with Dentists on Machine Learning
President Biden Issues First Ever Executive Order on AI Content
Meta's AI research head wants open source licensing to change
Humans could become 'part AI' to keep up with superintelligent machines, OpenAI's chief scientist says
Big Tech Eyes NFL's Gold
Topic Modelling in production
How AI brought John Lennon back to life for the last Beatles song
The Comprehensive Guide to Moving Averages in Time Series Analysis
Sovereign Cloud to Gain Traction as Security Concerns Loom
Label Studio Creator Launches Autonomous Data Labelling Agent Framework
G7 countries agree voluntary AI code of conduct
Genpact, NASSCOM Partner to Bring Generative AI Playbook
ChatGPT Gets Fully Multimodal
2 Simple Ways To Detect Ai-Generated Responses
'A goldmine at our fingertips': the promise and perils of AI in Africa
Google Plans Up to $2B Anthropic Investment
Will OpenAI Face Economic Headwinds as Azure Takes on New Customers?
Fact-checking and truth in the age of ChatGPT and LLMs
Thought Propagation: An Analogical Approach to Complex Reasoning with Large Language Models
Midjourney's Niji Journey
Meta-AI chief Yann LeCun fears bleak AI future controlled by a few companies
Google's Pichai to Defend Search Dominance as Trial Pivots
The Download: Joy Buolamwini on AI, and Meta's beauty filter lawsuit
Inside LlaVA: The First Open Source GPT-4V Alternative
What You Missed From Our WTF Conference; Biden's AI Executive Order Unveiled
Biden orders tech firms to share AI safety test results with US government
Predictions 2024: Software Development Adapts To TuringBots, Ajar Source, And Backstage
Data Warehouses vs. Data Lakes vs. Data Marts: Need Help Deciding?
Biden's new executive order aims to establish AI safety and security standards
Knowledge Series #11: How to manage API integrations
Qualcomm Takes On AMD, Apple, Intel With Snapdragon X Elite
Bill Gates' former assistant is the world's 5th-richest person - and he's close to overtaking the Microsoft cofounder
The Future of the Automotive Industry Might be Talking Cars
AI Companies Building 'Most Powerful' Models Must Inform Feds, Biden Executive Order States
Spotify Music Recommendation Systems
New Chinese style
AI one-percenters seizing power forever is the real doomsday scenario, warns AI godfather
[D] How do you deal with LLM observability? What tools do you guys use?
A comprehensive guide of Distributed Data Parallel (DDP)
Are all higher level data science jobs like this?
A deep learning model for identifying disease and risk factor biomarkers
AI is not just chatting with us. It's learning how to turn verbal communications into real-world insights.
Revolutionizing Digital Art Protection: A New Tool to Combat Unauthorized AI Web Scraping
FLaNK Stack Weekly for 30 Oct 2023
ChatGPT can now work on PDFs
UK gears up to major AI summit under the shadow of its own lack of regulation
Researchers from the University of Washington and Princeton Present a Pre-Training Data Detection Dataset WIKIMIA and a New Machine Learning Approach MIN-K% PROB
Run Lightning Fabric with NVIDIA GPUs on OCI
[N] Fast GPT Training Infra, FP8-LM, being 64% faster than BF16 on H100 Unlocking even more gigantic GPT
Wondershare Filmora 13 Features Many AI Tools for Video Creators
Mitsubishi Scientist: Are Deep Neural Networks Smarter than 2nd Graders?
The Text-to-Speech-Client Tool by Xenova: A Robust and Flexible AI Platform for Producing Natural-Sounding Synthetic Speech
Governments are getting their AI-regulating boots on
In antitrust case testimony, Sundar Pichai attributes Google's success in search to its early investment and innovation in the Chrome browser (Wall Street Journal)
Lightning AI Joins the PyTorch Foundation as a Premier Member
The best robot mops of 2023: Expert tested and reviewed
UK police urged to double down on facial recognition
Biden signs executive order to ensure AI safety as it advances at 'warp speed'
The best robot vacuum deals in November 2023
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, known for his leather jacket, has his wife and daughter to thank for his signature style
How Apple Can Catch Up in the Generative AI Race
Biden on AI: We Need to Govern This Technology
When GenAI Hype Exceeds GenAI Reality
5 things we learned so far about the Google antitrust case
White House Executive Order on AI Provides Guidelines for AI Privacy and Safety
Unpacking President Biden's Landmark AI Executive Order
Through the Ages: Apple CPU Architecture
AI Startup Roundup: Google, Nvidia Back Machine Learning Startup
Apple's Scary Fast Event: New M3 Chip Family, MacBook Pro Line & iMacs
Introduction to MLOps Principles
Biden's Artificial Intelligence Executive Order Covers Broad Concerns
Biden's Executive Order on AI and Data Privacy Gets Mostly Favorable Reactions
US v. Google: Sundar Pichai floated preloading a Google app on iOS to Tim Cook in 2018, amid Apple's concerns of lower revenue growth from their rev-share deal (David Pierce/The Verge)
DALL-E 3, GPT4All, PMTiles, sqlite-migrate, datasette-edit-schema
A software company called Threads says Meta tried to buy its domain and kicked it off Facebook
Google's CEO defends paying Apple, others billions of dollars to make Google their default search engine on devices
MoE: Revolutionizing Memory-Efficient Execution of Massive-Scale MoE Models
From Biological Learning to Artificial Neural Network: What's Next?
[R] RedPajama-Data-v2: an Open Dataset with 30 Trillion Tokens for Training Large Language Models
Elon Musk to Join Sunak to Discuss AI Risks After UK Summit
ZutaCore's HyperCool achieves Certification for ASUS Servers
New tool automates the formal verification of systems software
Unlocking Systematic Compositionality in Neural Networks: A Breakthrough with Meta-Learning for Compositionality (MLC) Approach
Google's Pichai Refutes DOJ Allegations of Deleting Evidence
Attribute augmentation-based label integration for crowdsourcing
Privacy will die to deliver us the thinking and knowing computer
Knowledge Graph Transformers: Architecting Dynamic Reasoning for Evolving Knowledge
Sundar Pichai Defends Google Paying Billions to Remain Top Search Engine
Digital Leadership Report: Harvey Nash
UK government earmarks $122 million on AI for healthcare
Gameplay Reimagined: The AI Revolution
Researchers from CMU and NYU Propose LLMTime: An Artificial Intelligence Method for Zero-Shot Time Series Forecasting with Large Language Models (LLMs)
Apple debuts 3nm-based M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max with dynamic caching GPU, 15% faster performance cores vs. M2 and 30% faster efficiency cores (Zac Hall/9to5Mac)
All about vector quantization
Install dependencies
Biden unveils AI order aiming to 'lead the way' on safety
Webinar: Accelerate AV Development with NVIDIA DGX Cloud and NVIDIA AI Enterprise
Executive Order on the Safe, Secure, and Trustworthy Development and Use of Artificial Intelligence [N]
ChatGPT heralds  new era of cybercrime  with staggering 1265% increase in phishing emails
Google once asked Apple to preload its search app on iOS
A Google Slides extension can make presentation software more accessible for blind users
How does one find freelance or contract work? Short or long term would be fine.
Overseeing generative AI: New software leadership roles emerge
Sundar Pichai argues in court that Google isn't evil, it's just a business
Meet ULTRA: A Pre-Trained Foundation Model for Knowledge Graph Reasoning that Works on Any Graph and Outperforms Supervised SOTA Models on 50+ Graphs
Weekly Top Picks #50
Elon Musk to attend Rishi Sunak's AI safety summit in Bletchley Park
Q&A: White House AI advisor says US is 'catching up' to the tech, as Biden's new executive order demands transparency for the world's biggest AI models
Apple's new M3 chips have big GPU upgrades focused on gaming and pro apps
Sundar Pichai explained why Apple gets paid so much more for its default deal
How to Keep Foundation Models Up to Date with the Latest Data? Researchers from Apple and CMU Introduce the First Web-Scale Time-Continual (TiC) Benchmark with 12.7B Timestamped Img-Text Pairs for Continual Training of VLMs
Yeah, that oughta do the trick, Joe... Biden hopes to tackle AI safety with exec order
Biden's AI Order May Have Wide Impact For Startups
Existential risk? Regulatory capture? AI for one and all? A look at what's going on with AI in the UK
Favorite ML Example?
White House Issues Executive Order for AI
[D] WER improved before Fine-Tuning Whisper, but increased afterward: Why?
GPT-Synthesizer release v0.0.4: web-based GUI with Streamlit
Apple Announces M3, M3 Pro, M3 Max Chips
Google Uses AI to Help Users Learn English   in Search
Who is attending Sunak's AI safety summit   and what will they discuss?
What's New In Flask 3.0
Text Preprocessing to Prepare for Machine Learning in Python   Natural Language Processing
Two Headed Classifier use case
Biden Issues Nation's First AI Executive Order. Here's What You Need to Know
Biden lays down the law on AI
Dev Containers: Open, Develop, Repeat...
Pure CSS! Neural Network / AI...it's easier that you think!
What You Need to Know About Biden's Sweeping AI Order
CSS2     CSS3   - No trave na entrevista tcnica
The Illusion of Data Ownership
Mistral, a Wannabe OpenAI of Europe, Seeks $300 Million
In a Rare Outburst, Meta's LeCun Blasts OpenAI, Turing Awardees
President Biden's AI executive order aims to secure America's future in artificial intelligence
Biden Issues Executive Order to Create A.I. Safeguards
Fear Not, Startups: Every OpenAI Update Can Be Your Next Stepping Stone
Amazon Bedrock GM Talks Generative AI Model Choice, Titan LLM, and Customer Obsession
Open Source RedPajama-Data-v2 with 30 Trillion Tokens is Here
This week in data: Generative AI spending and top questions the best CEOs ask
A US judge dismissed AI copyright infringement claims against Midjourney and DeviantArt by three artists, but allowed a claim against Stability AI to proceed (Winston Cho/The Hollywood Reporter)
MIT's copilot system can set the stage for a new wave of AI innovation
How Effective are Self-Explanations from Large Language Models like ChatGPT in Sentiment Analysis? A Deep Dive into Performance, Cost, and Interpretability
G7 introduces voluntary AI code of conduct
Let the Arm Do the Work For You
Stanford and UT Austin Researchers Propose Contrastive Preference Learning (CPL): A Simple Reinforcement Learning RL-Free Method for RLHF that Works with Arbitrary MDPs and off-Policy Data
How the UK's emphasis on apocalyptic AI risk helps business
Generative AI News - Anthropic, Amazon, OpenAI, ChatGPT, Bard, and Many More - Voicebot Podcast 354
Generative AI News This Week - NVIDIA GPU Performance Gains, Roblox and Salesforce Copilots, Jobs at Risk from Generative AI and More - Voicebot Podcast 352
What exactly will the UK government's global AI Safety Summit achieve?
Publishing associations urge UK government to protect copyrighted works from AI
Generative AI News - OpenAI Chips, Adobe and Canva Bring Generative AI to Design, Spotify, Opera, Observe, ElevenLabs & More - Voicebot Podcast 356
Is Generative AI Worth Its Environmental Footprint?
Is ConvNet Making a Comeback? Unraveling Their Performance on Web-Scale Datasets and Matching Vision Transformers
Auralis Zap
Alibaba unveils Tongyi Qianwen 2 LLM with  hundreds of billions of  parameters and 8 industry-specific models for entertainment, finance, healthcare, and legal (Josh Ye/Reuters)
The Dawn of Homomorphic Encryption in a Data-Driven World
Generative AI News This Week - Meta's AI Adventures, Bard on Assistant, MrBeast, Cohere, LinkedIn and More - Voicebot Podcast 355
The US just issued the world's strongest action yet on regulating AI. Here's what to expect
Generative AI News This Week - Alexa LLM, DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT, Mircosoft Copilot, Google Bard, Funding, and More - Voicebot Podcast Ep 353
What The Top 1% Of Software Engineers Do That The Other 99% Do Not
L&T Technology Services Partners With AWS to Unleash Generative AI Smart Vehicles
Sound Bytes Part 1: The ABCs of Sound and Digitization
Executive Order on A.I. Tries to Balance Technology's Potential and Peril
UMC launches W2W 3D IC Project with Partners, Targeting Edge AI Growth
Weave adds AI-driven voicemail transcriptions to its platform
[D] Relevance Extraction in RAG Pipelines
7 Open Source AI projects to code faster in 2023
AI research centre creates jobs following European hub status
Siemens and Microsoft Develop AI Assistant for Manufacturing
Andrew OG of AI
Apache Flink 101: A guide for developers
Alibaba unveils GPT-4 competitor  Tongyi Qianwen 2.0  and eight industry-specific models
Jensen Huang, who got an Nvidia tattoo when its share price hit $100, says he's not getting inked again
IBM research: AI can make phishing, already used in ~90% of cyberattacks, more effective at scale, though widespread use has not yet been detected (Eric Geller/The Messenger)
Edge 339: What is Prefix-Tuning
A glimpse of the next generation of AlphaFold
Biden's AI Executive Order Faces Backlash
AWS Adds New Code Generation Models to Amazon SageMaker JumpStart
Who Done It? 3 Possible Suspects in this Halloween's Bad Data Horror Movie, And How Data Teams Can Make It Out Alive
Defense Firm Shield AI Raises $200 Million at $2.7 Billion Value
What does Biden's executive order mean for AI progress?
Diffusion Model Beats ChatGPT in Coding
The Download: Biden's executive order, and calling out AI harms
Leading AI researchers issue renewed warnings about advanced autonomous AI
Shield AI raises $200M at a $2.7B valuation to scale military autonomous flying tech
Onfido released the results of a new study
Sources: new US rules may compel Nvidia to cancel $5B+ in 2024 orders for its chips in China; Nvidia had already fulfilled its 2023 orders before the controls (Wall Street Journal)
A minor ChatGPT update is a warning to founders: Big Tech can blow up your startup at any time
Announcing MLflow 2.8 LLM-as-a-judge metrics and Best Practices for LLM Evaluation of RAG Applications, Part 2
Google is Perfecting Gemini, But It Comes with a Cost
[D] Problems with WGAN for time series imputation
Stefanini and Robotiq.ai announce collaboration
Google Walks Tightrope on AI in Search Antitrust Trial
Predictions 2024: The AI Era Accelerates Agencies From Services To Solutions
Is Apple's M3 a Threat to Intel, Qualcomm, and AMD?
The startup working to teach AI about African history
Biden's EO on AI tries to chart a middle path by letting AI development continue with modest new rules and signaling the government plans to monitor AI progress (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
Shedding Light on Cartoon Animation's Future: AnimeInbet's Innovation in Line Drawing Inbetweening
Biden signs the AI Executive Order
Artists lose first copyright battle in the fight against AI-generated images
'Gen AI is Reshaping the Business Applications Market After Two Decades'
AIhub monthly digest: October 2023   probabilistic logic shields, a responsible journalism toolkit, and what the public think about AI
Dummy Variable Trap in Machine Learning
RabbitMQ Monitoring | Key Metrics & In-Built RabbitMQ Monitoring Tools
New Index Finds AI Models Are Murky, Not Transparent At All
Judge Dismisses Copyright Claims Against AI Image Generators
Dell and Meta partner to bring Llama 2 open source AI to enterprise users on-premises
Introduction to NExT-GPT: Any-to-Any Multimodal Large Language Model
Jira Service Management gains AI-powered ITSM capabilities
TII introduced World's Most Powerful Open LLM: Falcon 180B
Weav exits stealth with plug-and-play AI copilots for enterprises
Rishi Sunak's AI safety summit appears slick   but look closer and alarm bells start ringing  | Chris Stokel-Walker
Apple unveils M3 chips powering new MacBook Pros and iMac during Scary Fast Halloween event
AMD's New AI Chip Poised to Steal Earnings Spotlight
Novice to Ninja: Why Your Python Skills Matter in Data Science
EleutherAI Launches Open-Source English-Hindi Bilingual Model, Hi-NOLIN
Researchers use AI to make mobile networks more efficient
This proptech startup says generative building design can change the way cities are built
Building an End-to-End Recommendation System
Guidde's AI automatically generates software documentation videos
Andrew Ng, who taught Sam Altman at Stanford and co-founded Google Brain, says Big Tech is lying about AI extinction to trigger heavier regulation of rivals (John Davidson/Australian Financial Review)
An AI smoothie shop opened in San Francisco with much hype. Why is it closed already?
People shouldn't pay such a high price for calling out AI harms
'Is this an appropriate use of AI or not?': teachers say classrooms are now AI testing labs
Dynamic Caching will be the force behind M3 chips
HTMLoween   HTML, CSS and JS that'll make you scream!
Sunak Embraces Musk to Boost AI Summit as World Looks Elsewhere
A Complete Guide for Creating an AI Assistant for Summarizing YouTube Videos   Part 2
Transformers Positional Encodings Explained
5 Interesting Startup Deals You May Have Missed In October: Pro Volleyball, Humanoids And Lego Buildings
AI data fusion could boost sustainability
An Implementation of VGG
US Leads 40-Country Alliance to Cut Off Ransomware Payments
Google Deepmind shows the next generation of AlphaFold
My User Experience Porting Off setup.py
Watermarks aren't the silver bullet for AI misinformation
Inserted AI-generated Microsoft poll about woman's death rankles The Guardian
NVIDIA Unleashes AI in Solar Challenge Race
Biden Terrified AI Will be Used to Create Bioweapons
Judge bins AI copyright lawsuit against DeviantArt, Midjourney   Stability still in the mix
Human input boosts citizens' acceptance of AI and perceptions of fairness, study shows
Understanding Reasoning in Large Language Models: Overview of the paper  Towards Reasoning in Large Language Models: A Survey
What the executive order means for openness in AI
A primer on statistical estimation and inference
Humanity and AI: Asking the Big Questions
How AI Can Help Save Endangered Species
OpenAI Signals That It'll Destroy Startups Using Its Tech to Build Products
Google DeepMind, Isomorphic Labs Unveil Next Generation of AlphaFold
[D] has anyone experimented with neural search for e-commerce applications?
This AI Paper Reveals: How Large Language Models Stack Up Against Search Engines in Fact-Checking Efficiency
False Prophet: a Homemade Time Series Regression Model
How AI is enhancing, not threatening the future of professionals
Quora's Poe introduces an AI chatbot creator economy
Setup User Auth for your Reflex Python app using supabase (supabase-py)
Study identifies human AI interaction scenarios that lead to information cocoons
Our search for the best OCR tool in 2023, and what we found
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 23/10 to 29/10
Artists Suing Stability AI Forced to Go Back to The Drawing Board on Copyright Claims
[R] Announcing Distil-Whisper - 6x faster than Whisper-large-v2 and performs within 1% WER on out-of-distribution
How Microsoft's AI teaching assistant helps generate classroom materials
Microsoft releases a Windows 11 2023 Update that replaces Chat with Microsoft Teams (Free); big features like Copilot and AI-powered Paint arrived in September (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Google antitrust trial: Pichai concedes that default search boosts market share
Biden's Executive Order on AI Is a Good Start, Experts Say, but Not Enough
AMD's AI Optimism Helps Investors Look Past Tepid Forecast
Did AI Render George Leonard's Book 'Mastery' and  Mooores law  Obsolete?i
This OpenAI Research Introduces DALL-E 3: Revolutionizing Text-to-Image Models with Enhanced Prompt Following Capabilities
Two artists suing AI image makers never registered works with Copyright Office
Data scientist action figure - female version (dalle3)
Recap: Taking Generative AI Beyond the Demos
AI Regulation Is Needed to Support US Workers in Future, Business Officials Say
The Race to Regulate AI Has Begun
How AI reshapes the IT industry will be 'fast and dramatic'
New Workshop: Generative AI with Diffusion Models
Ahead of the UK's AI Summit, set to host Elon Musk, VP Harris, and others, the UK has highlighted doomsday scenarios while the US has focused on tangible issues (Washington Post)
Optimal Meeting Scheduling
Tesla swerves liability in Autopilot death lawsuit
AI software market to quadruple to $251B by 2027
Finch AI announces Board of Directors Appointments
DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis pushes back on claims by Meta's Yann LeCun that he, Sam Altman, and Dario Amodei are fearmongering to achieve AI regulatory capture (Ryan Browne/CNBC)
EY Survey: Global CEOs 'Stymied' Over Generative AI's Uncertainties
Build a chatbot to interact with your Pandas DataFrame using Reflex
python Screenshot for linux using Xlib
Research team develops an AI model for effectively removing biases in a dataset
Gartner: Generative AI's Impact on Jobs and Workforce Planning
CI/CD Pipelines for Data Processing Applications on Azure Part 1: Container Instances
ChatGPT, let us create movies about ChatGPT.
Why some data science interviews suck, as an interviewer...
GPT-3.5 might be a strong example of the efficiency potential of large AI models
Tesla Wins Suit That Blamed Its Software for Deadly Crash
Apple Researchers Introduce A Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Approach to Dense 3D Reconstruction from Dynamically-Posed RGB Images
Big Data Career Notes: October 2023 Edition
Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF)
Microsoft accused of damaging Guardian's reputation with AI-generated poll
4 formas simples de customizar o Bootstrap
Google Offers Bug Bounties for Generative AI Security Vulnerabilities
New Report - Deepfake and Voice Clone Consumer Sentiment and Experience
Yes, ChatGPT can help with your college admissions essay. Here's what you need to do to stay within the rules.
How do you analyze your models?
AI Leaders Warn About Existential Risks Again - Now Armed with Facts
How Human Labor Enables Machine Learning
DeepMind's latest AlphaFold model is more useful for drug discovery
[D] - People here who mastered out of their PhDs, do you regret it? How has your life been after that?
Joe Biden's Big AI Plan Sounds Scary but Lacks Bite
AI better than biopsy at assessing some cancers, study finds
[R] Small Language Models Fine-tuned to Coordinate Larger Language Models improve Complex Reasoning
10 Best AI Email Generators (October 2023)
Constructing Hexagon Maps with H3 and Plotly: A Comprehensive Tutorial
Scroll Infinito: um veneno  produtividade.
R Quixote in Spain: Organizing Annual R Conference and Writing Book for Hispanic R Users
TMLR Paper  Conformal Prediction under Ambiguous Ground Truth
'AI' named most notable word of 2023 by Collins dictionary
Cancer signature ensemble integrating cfDNA methylation, copy number, and fragmentation facilitates multi-cancer early detection
How to Write Expert Prompts for ChatGPT (GPT-4) and Other Language Models
Data folks of Reddit: How do you choose a random seed?
The Rise of Digital Humans and Deepfakes in China
Supercharging Large Language Models: DEJAVU's Inference Time Surpasses FasterTransformer by 2
Who's going (and who's not) to the AI Safety Summit at Bletchley Park?
What's your responsibility as computer vision developer?
Nick Clegg compares AI clamour to 'moral panic' in 80s over video games
Ahead of India's 2024 elections, politicians are using voice cloning tools to deliver personalized messages, as AI-generated songs featuring Modi gain traction (Nilesh Christopher/Rest of World)
How can AI better understand humans? Simple: by asking us questions
Unlocking the Secrets of CLIP's Data Success: Introducing MetaCLIP for Optimized Language-Image Pre-training
AMD's Q3 revenues hit $5.8B, up 4% as PC CPUs grow again
What is going on with the EU AI Act?
Forrester's 2024 Predictions Report warns of AI 'shadow pandemic' as employees adopt unauthorized tools
Pumpkin Patch Sweeper: A Gourd-geous HTML
Why should I learn LangChain? It's like learning a whole new tool set on top of LLM/Transformer models.
Top 7 Javascript Web Scraping Libraries in 2023
How Google Will Change Search Forever
Is the AI safety summit already too late?   podcast
AI pioneers Hinton, Ng, LeCun, Bengio amp up x-risk debate
What Biden's EO means for AI openness, and why a compute threshold is unlikely to effectively anticipate individual models' riskiness, but may work in aggregate (AI Snake Oil)
From Punch Cards to ChatGPT
The Cloud Resume Challenge: Conquering the Cloud
Cohere Announces Plans to Double London Headcount Over Next Year
[R] LLMDet: A Third Party Large Language Models Generated Text Detection Tool
%100 Free Keyword Generator
Peruser AI
Harris to Announce Steps to Curb Risks of A.I.
Ahead of the UK's AI summit, Chinese scientists warn of AI's  existential risk to humanity ; sources: the UK plans to announce South Korea as Summit's 2024 host (Financial Times)
One-Minute Daily AI News 10/31/2023
Tesla Cleared of Fault in Fatal Chinese Crash, Local Media Reports
Kamala Harris announces AI Safety Institute to protect American consumers
Rishi Sunak's vanity jamboree on AI safety lays bare the UK's Brexit dilemmas | Rafael Behr
AMD MI300 Ramp, GPT-4 Performance, ASP & Volumes
KeaML Deployments
AIs can guess where Reddit users live and how much they earn
Harriet.ai
AI Landing Copy Generator by Famewall
Don't feel left out, chip designers. Nvidia's made a chatbot assistant for you, too
Limmi announces AI powered Disease Insights Platform
Guidde announces $15.6M in Funding
AMD sees profit surge as it banks on AI chips
From barbers to firefighters, the most AI-proof jobs are blue collar
The future of AI hardware: Scientists unveil all-analog photoelectronic chip
Voice Actors Furious at New Videogame Using AI-Generated Speech
Open LLM company playbook
UK Says Inappropriate for China to Attend All AI Summit Sessions
Is Academia Obsessing Over Methodology at the Cost of True Insights?
Elon Musk and Sam Altman are expected to attend the UK's AI Safety Summit. Here's why it's taking place at a former top-secret WWII facility.
LinkedIn's latest premium perk is an AI job coach
tattooidea
We built a 'brain' from tiny silver wires. It learns in real time, more efficiently than computer-based AI
The golden/nightmare AI future: inside the 3 November Guardian Weekly
Saudi Aramco VC Fund Backs AI-Powered Cybersecurity Startup
The Best 1440p Gaming Monitors: 2H 2023
Working with AI: Two paths to prompting
Grant Assistant wants to apply generative AI to grant proposals
Justine Bateman's Fight Against Generative AI In Hollywood
AI is 2023's word of the year
AI anxiety as computers get super smart
Kamala Harris to call for urgent action on AI threat to democracy and privacy
US export restrictions could cost Nvidia $5 billion in lost orders, sends share price to 5-month low
Case Study: Mana.bio   Reproducing results & accelerating experimentation
UK, US, EU and China sign declaration of AI's 'catastrophic' danger
Olive AI is shutting down some of its operations
Former Google CEO Eric Schmidt Bets AI Will Shake Up Scientific Research
At the UK's AI Safety Summit, a UK minister releases the Bletchley Declaration policy paper and the US Commerce Secretary announces an AI Safety Institute (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
A Journey into the Forest: Unveiling the Random Forest Algorithm
LinkedIn unveils a new, AI-infused Premium experience
Microsoft under fire over AI-generated poll about death of 21-year-old woman on its news platform
Interpreters are wizards   at times they seem to have read my mind. AI could never compete | John Banville
M365 Copilot, Microsoft's generative AI tool, explained
The Emergence of a New Power: Shaping Reality with GPT-3.5
The Morning After: US government announces AI Safety Institute
How to Build Chatbots with Amazon Bedrock & LangChain
Open-source language models could simplify bioterrorism, study finds
GPT-4 is vulnerable to jailbreaks in rare languages
Bedazzled by big tech, the UK's AI summit is overlooking big issues
TechRepublic Premium Editorial Calendar: Policies, Checklists, Hiring Kits and Glossaries for Download
Are AI tools artists or infringers? Court decides
[R] LLMs may Dominate Information Access: Neural Retrievers are Biased Towards LLM-Generated Texts
No 10 had 'toxic culture' during Covid and Cummings used 'violent and misogynist' language, says top civil servant   UK politics live
AWS announces Amazon EC2 Capacity Blocks for ML Workloads
OpenPlugin
DeepMind claims its AI predicts proteins with 'atomic accuracy'
UK Tries to Bring China to the Table at AI Summit
The state of HTML
AI models reuse copyrighted news content, report claims
'AI' named Collins Word of the Year
Politicians commit to collaborate to tackle AI safety, US launches safety institute
Data Engineering for Beginners: A Step-by-Step Guide.
24 Best Resources   For Web Developers   [HTML + CSS + JavaScript ]
How AI chatbots like ChatGPT or Bard work   visual explainer
UK summit aims to tackle thorny issues around cutting-edge AI risks
I'm a girlfriend-for-hire. I use AI to help me satisfy customers, make more money, and feel better about my work.
Global players look to create baseline to evaluate generative AI applications
I asked Meta's Kendall Jenner-inspired AI and ChatGPT for relationship advice. Only one actually responded like a friend.
Microsoft and Siemens revolutionise industry with AI-powered Copilot
Generative AI Report   11/1/2023
AI nearly twice as good as biopsy at assessing rare cancer
AI at Sea to Bypass Regulations
Sony's 'GT Sophy' racing AI is taking all Gran Turismo 7 challengers
Aethir wants the decentralized cloud to speed up gaming and AI
Sources: Apple plans several new health features for 2024's Apple Watch, like an elevated blood pressure sensor, and a paid health service, possibly using AI (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
LinkedIn, now at 1B users, turns on OpenAI-powered reading and writing tools
Monte Carlo is Kicking Off IMPACT 2023, Keynotes From Data & AI Pioneers
Snowflake's Cortex to bring generative AI to its Data Cloud platform
UK AI summit is a 'photo opportunity' not an open debate, critics say
IBM Consulting is using AI to maximize consultants' productivity output. Here's how
Is it Possible to Prove the Simulation Hypothesis?
Sony launches AI racing agent Sophy 2.0 worldwide for Gran Turismo
79% business & IT leaders believe AI will improve process efficiency
Psync's Genie S security camera uses GPT to describe what it sees
Intel to unveil Meteor Lake Core Ultra and 5th-Gen Xeon CPUs at AI event on December 14
Elon Musk is coming to the UK's big AI safety party. Some people actually building AI say they got frozen out.
Freeplay wants to help companies test and build LLM-powered apps
Everything you're hearing right now about AI wiping out humans is a big con
How to Build a Chatbot with the Chat Endpoint
[P] LangCheck: a multi-lingual toolkit to evaluate LLM applications
AI supported jump recognition and analysis
AI's most famous leaders are in a huge fight after one said Big Tech is cynically exaggerating the risk of AI wiping out humanity
Portalis.AI aims to alter AI-human interaction with customizable digital avatars
A Deep Dive into FlashAttention V1 -part 3
Researchers from China Propose ALCUNA: A Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Benchmark for Evaluating Large-Scale Language Models on New Knowledge Integration
Yahoo spin-out Vespa lands $31M investment from Blossom
TS Imagine adds best execution module and analytics dashboard to OEMS to tackle compliance
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman once said the only time he ever 'froze' was when he met his childhood idol Steve Jobs
Reap the benefits of GenAI integration
LinkedIn announces a GPT-4-powered AI chatbot aimed at being a  job seeker coach , available to Premium users, and says the platform now has 1B+ members (Hayden Field/CNBC)
I went to paradise to see the future of AI, and I'm more confused than ever
70% of Organizations consider Trust a Strategic Business Objective
Google Deepmind Chief Calls Meta's AI Criticisms 'Preposterous'
AIhub coffee corner: Regulation of AI
7 Machine Learning Algorithms You Can't Miss
Bee Partners closes fourth fund to add more capital for pre-seed founders in deep tech
Exclusive: Stability AI brings advanced 3D and image fine-tuning to Stable Diffusion
Redefining the Digital Age: The AI-Driven Evolution in Marketing
How to run multiple fine-tuned LLMs for the price of one
UK convinces nations to sign Bletchley Declaration in bid for AI safety
At UK Summit, Global Leaders Warn AI Could Cause 'Catastrophic' Harm
Yoshua Bengio awarded the Gerhard Herzberg Canada Gold Medal for Science and Engineering
1up emerges from stealth with $2.5M for sales AI that answers customer objections, fills out RFPs
Atlassian urges customers to take 'immediate action' to protect against data-loss security bug
Windows 11 23H2 update starts rolling out with Copilot AI, redesigned File Explorer, and more
Advancing Artificial Intelligence: Sungkyunkwan University's Innovative Memory System Called 'Memoria' Boosts Transformer Performance on Long-Sequence Complex Tasks
Top 7 AI Trends to Watch out for in 2023- and 2024
Stability AI Previews Enhanced Image Offerings: APIs for Business & New Product Features
An AI Chip Armageddon is Coming; Biden Punts on Open-Source LLMs
Researchers from China Introduced a Novel Compression Paradigm called Retrieval-based Knowledge Transfer (RetriKT): Revolutionizing the Deployment of Large-Scale Pre-Trained Language Models in Real-World Applications
AI is only as good as the data: Q&A with Satish Jayanthi of Coalesce
UK AI summit: Countries agree declaration on frontier AI risks
Box taps Google Cloud's generative AI capabilities to extract metadata
Straive Acquires Design-Led Data Analytics and AI Company Gramener
Biden Apparently Got Scared of AI After Watching the New  Mission: Impossible
The White House Wants to Wield the Terrifying Power of AI Against Robocalls
Accepting regulation locks in incumbents, OpenAI and other early winners, which signed the Center for AI Safety's letter, seem most invested in creating alarm (Ben Thompson/Stratechery)
[D] What do y'all think about Biden's new AI regulation?
How to Build a Waterfall Chart with JavaScript
LinkedIn Premium Launches Generative AI Personalization of Posts and Job Listings
Ask Sophie: Will there be more visas and green cards for AI talent?
LinkedIn Wants Its AI Bot to Help Find You a Job After You Lose Your Job to AI
Google is making it easier to buy from small businesses
10 Must-Have HTML Tools for Developers
Unlocking Intent Alignment in Smaller Language Models: A Comprehensive Guide to Zephyr-7B's Breakthrough with Distilled Supervised Fine-Tuning and AI Feedback
Almost-unbeatable AI is now a permanent feature of Gran Turismo 7
Kamala Harris acknowledges 'existential threats' posed by AI and urges safe innovation   video
Why Nvidia is teaching robots to twirl pens and how generative AI is helping
OpenAI is rolling out its most powerful model for ChatGPT
My First Hacktoberfest Journey: Exploring Open Source Contributions
President Biden's AI worries were deepened by a 'Mission Impossible' villain
Bletchley Declaration: 29 countries agree on AI safety at UK summit
MetNet-3: A state-of-the-art neural weather model available in Google products
Versa Networks achieves IPv6 Certification
Microsoft's new AI-powered Office assistant is here   if you've got $9,000 and 300 friends
ChatDev : Communicative Agents for Software Development
Biden's new executive order on AI expected to boost Silicon Valley
The Existential Threat isn't AI, it's a Lack of Data Privacy Laws
Taming the HTML dialog with React and TailwindCSS
LinkedIn hopes its new AI chatbot can speed up the job hunt
UK, US, China sign AI safety pledge at UK summit
The UK and US are setting up national AI safety institutes   what that means for startups
Snowflake brings together developer and analyst needs in new GenAI tool
Tracking SQLite Database Changes in Git
Meta's Yann Lecun joins 70 others in calling for more openness in AI development
Hive3 launches to connect brands with leading AI creatives
Trust us with AI, say the big tech titans. That's what the banks said before the 2008 crisis | Larry Elliott
Custom API Endpoints
Desperately seeking GPUs? AWS will let you reserve instances in advance   no refunds
Google launches generative AI tools for product imagery to U.S. advertisers
Countries at a UK summit pledge to tackle AI's potentially 'catastrophic' risks
Revolutionizing Prenatal Diagnosis: Check Out How the PAICS Deep Learning System Enhances Detection of Fetal Intracranial Malformations from Neurosonographic Images
Google Rolls Out Generative AI Image Creator for Advertisers and Businesses
New AWS service lets customers rent Nvidia GPUs for quick AI projects
To Tailgate or Not? How Databricks + AccuWeather used ML to answer every football fan's burning question
Vice President Kamala Harris Announces AI Safety Institute
ChatGPT gets GPT-4 32K support for PDF and file chat with longer documents
EY report sheds new light on global AI regulatory landscape
How to Use Data Governance for AI/ML Systems
How I built AI pictures generator in a GitHub logo style   and got featured in GitHub's Twitter and Instagram
Press pause on the use of artificial intelligence in public services  | Letter
AI Lets Johnny Cash Cover Taylor Swift From Beyond the Grave
TigerGraph Bolsters DB for Enterprise Graph Workloads
Stability AI Wins Partial Legal Victory Over Infringement Claims
Can ChatGPT predict the future? Training AI to figure out what happens next
Watching Mission: Impossible Got Joe Biden to Be 'Alarmed' About AI
Cowbell gets $25M more to keep growing like gangbusters
UberEther's IAM Advantage achieves FedRAMP High Authorization
How to be Competitive for a Product Data Scientist Role?
The Guardian view on AI regulation: the threat is too grave for Sunak's light-touch approach | Editorial
Quickstart to Lightning Fabric
Site Reliability Engineering and AI
AI is the 'word of the year.' Here's how previous tech terms fared
Overview of Important GAN Models & Applications
Key interventions at the Bletchley Park AI safety summit
The AI Politicians Would Like to Speak With You Now
Implementing Machine Learning for Fraud Detection in Insurance Claims
AI Safety Summit: 28 Nations and EU Sign the 'Bletchley Declaration'
The AI Seinfeld show is bugging out harder than Frank Costanza on Festivus
Snowflake to add developer tools to Snowpark, plans cost management feature
Snowflake announces Snowflake Cortex, a fully managed service designed to help business users and developers work with AI-fueled apps on its Data Cloud platform (Ron Miller/TechCrunch)
[P] LLM-VM: Fine-tune anywhere & avoid big models.
Everything We Know About Humane's Bewildering New AI Pin
How AI Is Democratizing the Writing Process
An Apocalyptic Reality Show Has Won The First-Ever 48-Hour AI Film Contest
RoadSense : A Realtime Accident Predicting System
You.com Releases the YouRetriever: The Simplest Interface to the You.com Search API
HubSpot picks up B2B data provider Clearbit to enhance its AI platform
AI-Driven Insights: Big Data Empowering Dynamic Scheduling Tools
UK to Build Its Fastest Supercomputer in Bid to Lead in AI
Instagram Might Be Building a Customizable AI 'Friend' to Fill the Empty Feed in Your Life
What is the Bletchley Declaration Signed by 28 Countries?
Is a Rogue AI Company Training Powerful AI on a Barge to Avoid U.S. Regulations?
Jina AI Introduces 'jina-embeddings-v2': The World's First 8k Open-Source Text Embedding Models
New Report   Deepfake and Voice Clone Awareness, Sentiment, Concern, and Demographic Data
Master Helm, Chart the Kubernetes Seas
Injectable tissue prosthesis to aid in damaged muscle/nerve regeneration
A guide to matplotlib subfigures for creating complex multi-panel figures
Biden's Executive Order On AI Is Broad In Scope And Laser Focused On Spurring Innovation Without Undue Risk
Scarlett Johansson takes legal action against use of image for AI
Faster Audio File Handling and Improved Error Messages
Step-by-Step: Building a GPT-Enhanced Twitter Bot with WordPress and Convoworks
[D] With LLMs hallucinating nature, how do we create a credible production ready application?
Workshop: Computer Vision for Industrial Inspection
Enhancing The Robustness of Regression Model with Time-Series Analysis  Part 2
Microsoft starts selling AI tool for Office, which could generate $10B/y by 2026
Joe Biden Wants US Government Algorithms Tested for Potential Harm Against Citizens
After Starfield's shaky launch, it's going to beta test the next patch soon
Global AI Cybersecurity Agreement Signed At Turing's Bletchley Park
Genetic Algorithm   Finding Optimal Email Delivery Schedule to Maximize Engagement
Meet CommonCanvas: An Open Diffusion Model That Has Been Trained Using Creative-Commons Images
What is Microsoft Copilot? Here's everything you need to know
17 AI tools for Marketing
Do You Want Artificial General Intelligence?
The UK is spending $273 million to build its fastest ever AI supercomputer
Apple Repurposes Large Language Models for Reinforcement Learning challenges in Embodied AI
HacktoberRest
Microsoft warns it may 'throttle' its generative AI services for 'excessive' users
[D] AAAI 24 Reviews
text to 3D
AI Doomers Take Center Stage at the UK's AI Summit
Chipmaker SK Hynix Set to Grab Korea's No. 2 Spot From LG Energy
qq - if I receive  thanks but no thanks  email months after application...
Mitsubishi Scientist: Are Deep Neural Networks Smarter than Second Graders?
The UK plans to invest &pound;225M into Isambard-AI, an AI supercomputer 10x faster than the UK's current quickest machine, to be built by the University of Bristol (Ryan Browne/CNBC)
Meet HITL-TAMP: A New AI Approach to Teach Robots Complex Manipulation Skills Through a Hybrid Strategy of Automated Planning and Human Control
Grouped Barplot With Error Bars in R
The Covid inquiry | Politics Weekly UK - podcast
Think You Have A Good EDA Framework? Think Again.
[D] Self Attention from First Principles (A video)
Las Vegas CIO doubles down on AI and endpoint security to protect Sin City
Google Search Introduces EdiT5: A Novel Text-Editing AI Model with Grammar Check Feature in Google Search
AI Hangover Weighs On Chipmaker Shares Even With Solid Results
The OMB releases draft rules that require federal agencies to monitor AI use in health care, law enforcement, and housing for potential harms against citizens (Khari Johnson/Wired)
Would You Become a Data Strategist?
This AI Research Introduces DreamCraft3D: A Hierarchical Approach for Creating 3D Material that Generates Cohesive and High-Fidelity 3D Models
Nuclear fusion, new drugs, better batteries: how AI will transform science   podcast
[SERIOUS] What do you not like about your boss or big bosses and how does that affect progress of your organization?
Using GPT-4 with Vision as an Art Critic
No 'Science' in Data Science?
It's a Snowday! Here's the New Stuff Snowflake Is Giving Customers
Scarlett Johansson hits AI app with legal action for cloning her voice in an ad
'A huge event': excitement as the Beatles' final song Now and Then approaches release
UC San Diego Researchers Present TD-MPC2: Revolutionizing Model-Based Reinforcement Learning Across Diverse Domains
RedPajama's Giant 30T Token Dataset Shows that Data is the Next Frontier in LLMs
On the UK's AI Safety Summit first day, there were closed-door discussions about whether to pause the development of next-generation  frontier  AI models (Thomas Seal/Bloomberg)
[R] Zephyr: Direct Distillation of LM Alignment - state-of-the-art for 7B parameter chat models
Meet Wonder3D: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method for Efficiently Generating High-Fidelity Textured Meshes from Single-View Images
Adept Has Changed the Multimodal Game with Fuyu
LazyNotes
Build Your Own Q&A App with OpenAI: A Beginner's Guide!
Guide your Audience: Crafting a Cohesive Narrative from the Data
Scarlett Johannson takes legal action against AI app that cloned her likeness
Beacons AI 2.0
'AI is no longer an option, it's mandatory'
Help me understand if my approach is correct please!
LinkedIn AI-powered Job-Seeker Coach
Herbie by broadn
RAG is Just Fancier Prompt Engineering
Gaze Tracking hobbi project with demo
Unlock the World of Python with Free Ebooks: Python_EBook_Free
Scarlett Johansson battles AI app for using her likeness without permission
Microsoft Unveils Shiksha Copilot for Teachers in India
Engram
Lost in DALL-E 3 Translation
Serverless Image Generation Application Using Generative AI on AWS
Introducing producthunt.py: A Python Wrapper for the Product Hunt API
Alternative Visualizations for Data-Driven Storytelling
Top 6  Generative AI Corporate Training Platforms in India
Labour says it would 'urgently' impose new rules on firms working on frontier AI in challenge to Rishi Sunak   UK politics live
Why Databricks is Using AMD GPUs
Feedback Sync
Feedback from calling Rust from Python
AI: the real threat may be the way that governments choose to use it
US v. Google: Google's VP of Search Elizabeth Reid disputes the government's contention that Google  rushed  Bard's launch after Microsoft announced Bing Chat (Leah Nylen/Bloomberg)
Dynatrace & Kyndryl Form a Partnership to Amplify Business Potential
Heard on the Street   11/2/2023
Q&A: Cisco CIO sees AI embedded in every product and process
Karnataka to Train 1,000 Engineers for Micron Plant in Gujarat
The GPT Site Assistant: A New Era of AI Integration with WordPress
China and US part of multilateral pact to collaborate on AI risks
Now You Can Reserve NVIDIA GPUs on AWS
When Rajeev Chandrasekhar Met Elon Musk
Humans at the heart of generative AI
The UK AI summit's narrow focus on safety and existential risk means the real issues are being ignored, an AI ethicist says
China, US, and EU agree to work together on AI safety
UK invests 225m to create its most powerful AI supercomputer
Dashtoon uses AI to turn storytellers into comics artists
The UN Hired an AI Company to Untangle the Israeli-Palestinian Crisis
UK invests 225M to create one of world's most powerful AI supercomputers
Latest Steam survey sees AMD and Windows 11 crash as a new top language appears
5 New AI Courses Launched by Andrew Ng
AI could pose risk to humanity on scale of nuclear war, Sunak warns
ASML China Export Curbs Came Too Late, Dutch PM Frontrunner Says
Exploring the ChatGPT API: Unlocking the Power of Conversational AI
Repeated Data Leaks Cast Doubt on India Stack
Biden administration executive order tackles AI risks, but lack of privacy laws limits reach
This AI Paper Unlocks the Secret of In-Context Learning: How Language Models Encode Functions into Vector Magic
Flagship Pioneering launches Pioneering Intelligence
Researchers Say NSFW AI Images Can be Generated by Nonsense Prompts
UK AI summit: US-led AI pledge threatens to overshadow Bletchley Park
Cranium appoints Josh Harguess, Ph.D. to the role of AI Security Chief
Google's Gemini: AI'S FUTURE!
UK MoD braves the weather to train maritime AI capabilities
Eye On AI: Google Intent On Searching Out More AI Deals
IBM Launches Generative AI Coding Assistant for Enterprise Development
atNorth joins the Finnish Data Center Association (FDCA)
Google and Microsoft Bet on 27-Year-Old Stanford Alum to Make AI Work For a Billion Users
Scarlett Johansson Takes Legal Action Against AI App That Used Her Image
Videra Health launches AVA for Healthcare Providers and Payers
Meet AutoGen: Microsoft's Super Innovative Framework for Autonomous Agents
Ilya: The AI scientist shaping the world
UK government invests $273M in Isambard-AI, their most powerful supercomputer yet
The biggest debate in tech
2023 VantaCon: The Future of Trust in an AI World
Palantir Surges After AI Demand Powers Record Quarterly Profit
AI's Impact on the Frontend and Developer Productivity
Ilya: the AI scientist shaping the world
SQL for Data Visualization: How to Prepare Data for Charts and Graphs
qBotica to acquire Healthomation
Midjourney update brings ability to create custom styles
Bee Partners closes $50 Million Fund IV
How to upgrade your Hive tables to Unity Catalog
Why the UK summit on AI is not enough to regulate the tech
Researchers train AI to identify least green homes
What It Takes for AMD to Bring AI Into Space
Customer adoption of Amperity for paid media soars to over 50%
A top Meta scientist's claims AI won't wipe out humanity are dangerous, says his former co-researcher
When generative AI cyberthreats arrive, Wraithwatch will be ready and waiting
Middleware.io Introduces Generative AI-Powered Cloud Observability Platform
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 23/10 to 29/10
Meta's Free AI Isn't Cheap to Use, Companies Say
Amazon and Shopify sellers are using AI to save time, better understand their customers, and improve their profit margins
What will Elon Musk and Rishi Sunak talk about in their AI chat?
Introducing Embed v3
Leadership is Extremely Lonely,  says Narayana Murthy
Parsing the Mindboggling Cost of Ownership of Generative AI
Sweep aims to automate basic dev tasks using large language models
How do you avoid p-hacking?
Had Your Treats? Time for Data Science Tricks
GPT-4 Fails the Turning Test
AI-generated nudes of female students at a high school in New Jersey, shared by male students in a group chat, cause major concern among parents and teachers (Julie Jargon/Wall Street Journal)
LinkedIn just launched a new AI job coach for Premium members
World-first AI safety deal exposes agenda set in Silicon Valley, critics say
Branch and Bound   Coding the Algorithm From Scratch
Google Slides' superpowers, a Sublime second brain, Pinterest's PMF
Why we replaced Pinecone with PGVector
After major Azure attacks, Microsoft launches the Secure Future Initiative, with plans to use AI and automation to identify vulnerabilities and respond faster (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Listen to the 'final' Beatles track, made with machine learning and archival recordings
React App Leveled Up with SSO Auth Wizardry
Sloan's Inbox: Advice for a dev hobbyist that wants to get a career in software development?
Winamp is coming to Android and iPhone later this year
Flavrs, a shoppable video app for foodies, launches a new takeout feature and AI-powered recommendations
Working With Your Live Data Using LangChain
Google Vertex AI Search Add News GenAI Capabilities And Enterprise-Ready Features
The AI boom is the newest threat to women's presence in the workforce
Beware AI Startups, OpenAI Can Take You Out Anytime
Political and tech leaders tackle AI safety at inaugural summit
Charting the Graphical Roadmap to Smarter AI
How AI Boosts Fintech: 7 Promising AI-Powered Industries To Follow
Australian academics apologise for false AI-generated allegations against big four consultancy firms
The Immigrants Powering Innovative Battery Maker SES AI
Meet GlotLID: An Open-Source Language Identification (LID) Model that Supports 1665 Languages
Can ChatGPT Pass the CFA Exam? AI Researchers Tried to Find Out
UK AI Safety Summit: Global Powers Make 'Landmark' Pledge to AI Safety
A critical survey towards deconstructing sentiment analysis: Interview with Pranav Venkit and Mukund Srinath
G7 Countries Establish Voluntary AI Code of Conduct
Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' First Trailer Heralds a Post-Human World
Genie by Luma AI is a free text-to-3D generator for Discord
The Beatles' Just Released Their Final Song That Resurrects John Lennon's Voice With AI
Learning to forget a weapon in the arsenal against harmful AI
Instagram May Soon Let You Create Your Own 'AI Friend'
The Beatles' final song is now streaming thanks to AI
Dell, Intel and University of Cambridge deploy the UK's fastest AI supercomputer
Kaiber's new app helps artists create music videos using generative AI tools
What it Takes to Make Open-Source AI Cheaper Than OpenAI; Microsoft Goes Multimodal
Will GenAI Take Jobs? No, Says Docker CEO
Factory wants to use AI to automate the software dev lifecycle
Convinced yet?
Por que aprender OCaml?
Building Data Pipelines to Create Apps with Large Language Models
Ryan Johnson, Chief Product Officer at CallRail   Interview Series
Book Review:  The Definitive Guide to Generative AI for Industry  by Cognite
Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr release Now and Then, the first  new  Beatles song since 1995, created using AI and an old lo-fi John Lennon recording (Chris Welch/The Verge)
The Other AI Summit: Critics Say UK's AI Safety Event Too Cozy With Big Tech
AI: The real threat may be the way that governments choose to use it
AI image generators can be tricked into making NSFW content
World Powers Say They Want to Contain AI. They're Also Racing to Advance It
Cisco unveils new AI tools to revamp Webex experience, collaboration
5 takeaways from the UK AI safety summit
DS Team Leaders, When requests are slow or little volume, what are you having your team work on in the meantime?
Listen to AI John Lennon in The Beatles 'Final' New Song
Demystifying Matplotlib
Welcome to the Era of AI-Generated Music
Embeddings Drive the Quality of RAG: Voyage AI in Chat LangChain
Microsoft Vows to Revamp Security Products After Repeated Hacks
Saudi Aramco CEO Warns of New Threat of Generative AI
5 Simple Steps Series: Master Python, SQL, Scikit-learn, PyTorch & Google Cloud
Arm is at the forefront of the AI revolution. Here's how it's powering billions of devices, from smartphones to cloud servers.
[Research] Detecting Annotation Errors in Semantic Segmentation Data
Brave responds to Bing and ChatGPT with a new 'anonymous and secure' AI chatbot
The race to unlock generative AI's benefits in retail marketing
Brave releases its AI-powered assistant Leo to all desktop users, unveils $15/month Leo Premium, with access to faster and better LLMs and higher rate limits (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
The AI Engineer Foundation: Open Source for the Future of AI
Brave's AI assistant comes to its desktop browser
From Basic to Custom: AI Chatbot Building 101
Generating opportunities with generative AI
Brave's Leo AI assistant is now available to desktop users
I applied to 250 jobs and timed how long each one took
Apple M2 Max GPU vs Nvidia V100, P100 and T4
Data Engineering Roadmap 2023
Branch and Bound   Bonus Article   Visualizing the Nodes
What did the UK's AI Safety Summit actually achieve?
Stability AI's latest tool uses AI to generate 3D models
AI gains momentum in core manufacturing services functions
We must move faster to understand and regulate AI, says Rishi Sunak
Supercharging Projects with GitHub Tools, an Overview of Llama 2, and Synthesizing Data with Gen AI
Key phrase detection in audio files using Python
3 ways Microsoft's new Secure Future Initiative aims to tackle growing cyber threats
An Honest Comparison of Open Source Vector Databases
This AI can tell if your home is wasting energy   just by looking at it
Adobe Caught Selling AI-Generated Images of Israel-Palestine Violence
How AI played an instrumental role in making mRNA vaccines
Five takeaways from UK's AI safety summit at Bletchley Park
Advancing the AI and Deep Learning opportunity
Microsoft Shamelessly Pumping Internet Full of Garbage AI-Generated  News  Articles
VS Code Previews AI Topic Experts for Copilot Chat Called 'Agents'
At Bletchley, Rishi Sunak confirms AI Safety Institute but delays regulations for another day
Stability AI introduces new features for its generative AI professional tools
OpenAI DevDay Preview: What to Look For on Monday
Don't be afraid of the 'AI-assisted' Beatles song, 'Now And Then'
AI is a 'co-pilot' not a threat to jobs, says Rishi Sunak   video
Revolutionizing Machine Learning: Harnessing 3D Processing in Photonic Accelerators for Advanced Parallelism and Edge Computing Compatibility
Examining the AI Boom's Impact on Cloud Services
Listen to the last new Beatles' song with John, Paul, George, Ringo and AI tech: 'Now and Then'
What do you guys expect from the OpenAI developer conference on November 6 ?
Statisticians in DS, how did you  connect the dots  between business skills and theory?
Rishi Sunak Finds US Reluctant to Give Ground on AI Safety to UK
UN chief leads calls for 'united' response to AI threats
Yoshua Bengio commissioned by the UK to Chair the  State of the Science  Report on the capabilities and risks of frontier AI
ON1 Photo RAW 2024 is Available Now and Includes Many AI Features
Teen boys use AI to make fake nudes of classmates, sparking police probe
Help Us Keep Synthedia Free!
Data Observability ROI: 5 Key Areas to Construct a Compelling Business Case
Two Weeks of Generative AI News   SEO in Crisis, OpenAI Economics, Midjourney, Google, Baidu, NVIDIA & More   Voicebot Podcast 357
US and UK Jockey for Leadership Role in Regulating AI
[D] benefits of using only attention weights for LoRA
GPT-4 falls short of Turing threshold
Research unveils the complex nature of human AI interactions
Using language to give robots a better grasp of an open-ended world
Tencent AI Lab Introduces Progressive Conditional Diffusion Models (PCDMs) that Incrementally Bridge the Gap Between Person Images Under the Target and Source Poses Through Three Stages
'I love you': This robot adopts AI to curb senior citizens' crushing loneliness
Rishi Sunak Interviews Elon Musk on Perils and Benefits of A.I.
The Website Template for frontenders using only HTML/CSS
Chip design with machine learning: A survey from an algorithm perspective
Advances in machine learning for nuclear power operations spell a brighter future for carbon-free energy
How Neural Networks Can Think Like Humans And Why It Matters
We don't want it ~
Scarlett Johansson Taking Legal Action Against AI App for Cloning Her Voice Without Permission
AI chatbots are coming to your workplace but are not necessarily coming for your job
2023-24 Takeda Fellows: Advancing research at the intersection of AI and health
OpenAI, Google, and others sign a non-binding document to let the US, the UK, and others, but not China, test their latest AI models for national security risks (Financial Times)
AI should be better understood and managed, new research warns
Announcing the 2023 Wolfram Innovator Award Winners
Amazon Bedrock GM Talks Generative AI Model Choice, Titan LLM, and Customer Obsession - Voicebot Podcast 358
Can't find your car keys? Robots will remember better than you can
Wall Street can breathe easy. ChatGPT isn't smart enough to be a financial analyst yet.
Sunak plays eager chatshow host as Musk discusses AI and politics
Ben Jennings on Rishi Sunak's AI summit   cartoon
Whose job will AI replace? Here's why a clerk in Ethiopia has more to fear than one in California
[D] Thoughts on Masked Language Modeling Objective and Corrupted Spans for Causal LM's?
[R] GRACE: Discriminator-Guided Chain-of-Thought Reasoning
From automated to autonomous, will the real robots please stand up?
Two Weeks of Generative AI News - SEO in Crisis, OpenAI Economics, Midjourney, Google, Baidu, NVIDIA & More - Voicebot Podcast 357
A Vulkan mod might help you run Alan Wake II on older GPUs
Foutse Khomh awarded with prestigious Arthur B. McDonald Fellowships in 2023
Someone created a video game with nothing but the AI tools ChatGPT, Dall-E, and Midjourney
Mia: The Story Behind an AI Persona
3 Key Career Decisions for Junior Data Scientists
Big tech will allow governments to vet AI products for first time, Sunak says
Elon Musk Calls for AI Regulations in Chat With UK Prime Minister
The great powers signed up to Sunak's AI summit   while jostling for position
Is analytics engineering and business intelligence experience beneficial for seeking DS roles?
How AI in smart home tech can automate your life
Researchers from Stanford Propose 'EquivAct': A Breakthrough in Robot Learning for Generalizing Tasks Across Different Scales and Orientations
New Neural Network Could Majorly Improve Smartphone Photography
Scarlett Johansson sics lawyers on AI biz that cloned her for an ad
This AI companion could forever change how you feel about tech
UK's AI Safety Summit: What They Discussed
Neuchips Demos Recommendation Accelerator for LLM Inference
[R] Telling GPT-4 you're scared or under pressure improves performance
Llama Ollama: Unlocking Local LLMs with ollama.ai
What are some of the coolest AI use cases you've tested so far? AI tutoring is something that I actually found myself using almost daily
'The most disruptive force in history': Rishi Sunak and Elon Musk discuss the future of AI   video
5 Takeaways from the UK's AI Safety Summit
China Wants to Build Advanced Humanoid Robots by 2025
Cracking the Code LLMs
Deciphering the Math in Images: How the New MathVista Benchmark is Pushing AI Boundaries in Visual and Mathematical Reasoning
Infinitely scalable storage for Kubernetes
AI Luminaries Make Case for Open Source AI
The Push Back Against Generative AI Alarmists and Anti-Open-Source Regulation Has Begun
[D] Recent discussion on X on doing a PhD vs working in industry
Cloudera Makes a Move in GenAI with Pinecone Partnership
A New AI Research from China Introduces GLM-130B: A Bilingual (English and Chinese) Pre-Trained Language Model with 130B Parameters
Morgan Stanley's Asia Internet Banking Head Tsai Has Left Firm
YouTube Music Introduces AI-Powered Playlist Customization Feature
Elon Musk's AI chat with Rishi Sunak: Everything you need to know
Same Images In Runway Gen 2 From 3 Months Ago VS Now (default options)
The Present and Future of A.I. in Software Development
TrustCloud becomes HITRUST Approved Readiness Licensee
Cognite releases Industry's First Definitive Guide to Generative AI
Elon Musk says AI means eventually no one will need to work
text to 3D in 10 seconds (Mickey, Miney, Bart, Tom Holland, Cristiano Ronaldo?) (workflow in comments)
Rumored Nvidia RTX 40 Super lineup might improve performance without wattage increase
Researchers from UC Berkeley and Stanford Introduce the Hidden Utility Bandit (HUB): An Artificial Intelligence Framework to Model Learning Reward from Multiple Teachers
[R] Transformers Learn Higher-Order Optimization Methods for In-Context Learning: A Study with Linear Models
Python OPP, and Why repr() and str() Matter
This AI Research from Google Reveals How Encoding Graph Data Elevates Language Model Performance on Complex Tasks
Cloudera and Pinecone announce Strategic Partnership
Xanadu and HBKU partner to develop a quantum workforce in Qatar
AI Buddies, Killer Bots and a Jobless Utopia: UK's Sunak Chats Up Elon Musk
Telling GPT-4 you're scared or under pressure improves performance
WhatsApp's AI shows gun-wielding children when prompted with 'Palestine'
Elon Musk says there's a 'not zero' chance of AI being a force for bad
Apple Researchers Introduce Matryoshka Diffusion Models(MDM): An End-to-End Artificial Intelligence Framework for High-Resolution Image and Video Synthesis
SAP pushes generative AI front and center for developer productivity, custom apps
Variable Importance in Random Forests
Brave Browser 1.60 launches with Leo AI and security improvements
Runway's Gen-2 update is blowing people's minds with incredible AI video
Luma AI's Genie lets anyone make 3D objects from text
Apple Uses  Generative AI  in its Q3 Revenue
How To Use PyCharm As A Python Developer
Tomasz Tunguz: From Java engineer to investor in eight unicorns
KPMG lodges complaint after AI-generated material was used to implicate them in non-existent scandals
Microsoft unveils 'LeMa': A revolutionary AI learning method mirroring human problem solving
IndieHackers RPG Game
GitHub Copilot is All Gain, No Pain for Microsoft
Will Alphabet Achieve With Isomorphic Labs What It Couldn't With DeepMind?
Brave Leo AI
Sunak, Musk and AI: what we learned from the Bletchley Park summit
Friday briefing: What we learned at Rishi Sunak's summit on the dangers of AI
The importance of prevention ahead of reaction in cybersecurity
PotionPitch AI
Vercel named in Inc.'s Second Annual Power Partner Awards
Intel to Make Laptops in India
Google AI Introduces Spectron: The First Spoken Language AI Model that is Trained End-to-End to Directly Process Spectrograms as Both Input and Output
UC San Diego Researchers DYffusion: A Dynamics-informed Diffusion Model for Spatiotemporal Forecasting
AI-Powered Medical Records Summarization: A Game-Changer
Infosys Expands to Europe to Accelerate AI
Understanding JSON: A Beginner's Guide
Apple is Still Cooking Generative AI
AMD Formally Launches Ryzen 5 7545U Processor with Zen 4c
Redis Cloud Achieves Payment Industry's Highest Data Protection Standard
Hard Fork: Casey Goes to the White House + The Copyright Battle Over A.I. + HatGPT
The case for holding off on generative AI
First Pakistani VC Fund  in Seven Years Targets Tech, Health
Opportunities remain available for market entrants to build on AI models
Apple is Finally Making Strides in Healthcare
Every AI project begins as a data project, but it's a long, winding road
When Musk met Sunak: the prime minister was more starry-eyed than a SpaceX telescope | Marina Hyde
Presentation: FINOS and Open Source in the Financial Services Industry
It's time to take your genAI skills to the next level
Understanding the Power of Feedback Analytics
Autonomous Vehicle Funding Stuck In Neutral
Elon Musk's xAI To Launch its First AI Model
This Realistic Text-to-Speech Tool is 93% off Through 11/9
These are the 3 biggest fears about AI &mdash; and here's how worried you should be about them
The Government Needs Fast Data: Why is the Federal Reserve Making World-altering Decisions on Stale Data?
OpenAI Will Kick Off Its First Developers Conference
Elon Musk issues warning about 'humanoid robots' in AI 'age of abundance'
Dall-E 3 Is So Good It's Stoking an Artist Revolt Against AI Scraping
ML Engineering Event: Join HelloFresh, Remitly, Riot Games, Uber & more at apply(ops)
Emotion-driven development
The Morning After: The final Beatles song was made with a little help from AI
Yesterday, AI brought a Beatles song our way
NIST announces AI consortium to shape US policies
White House 2024: AI threatens to 'supercharge' disinformation
Canada Is Moving Up The Cleantech Ranks
AI News Roundup: Microsoft May Have Leaked ChatGPT Parameters
Elon Musk says xAI will release its first AI model to a select group on November 4 and  in some important respects, it is the best that currently exists  (Akash Sriram/Reuters)
Tommorow a new Chat BOT competitor is coming for a select group of people!
Dive into the Future with Kaggle's AI Report 2023   See What's Hot
A Beginner's Guide to LlamaIndex!
How transparent are large language models?
Top 10 Amazing AI Tools That Will Make Your Life Easier
A World Beyond Renewable Energy in Green Data Centres
Enterprises Cautiously Assess the Risks of Adopting Generative AI
Understanding SCD   Slowly Changing Dimensions
Everything About HTML: A Beginner's Guide
What is an AI Directory? A Comprehensive Guide
Deft is building e-commerce search to help you find the right product quickly
High School Students Use AI to Make Deepfake Nude Photos of Classmates
This AI Research from China Introduces 'Woodpecker': An Innovative Artificial Intelligence Framework Designed to Correct Hallucinations in Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs)
UK Government Using AI for Benefits, Marriage Checks Despite Biases
Joe Biden Has a Secret Weapon Against Killer AI. It's Bureaucrats
Biden's executive order puts civil rights in the middle of the AI regulation discussion
First OpenSource 7B Model to Challenge ChatGPT
World leaders ink AI safety pacts while Musk and Sunak engage in awkward bromance
Ready for the Ultimate Security Solution? Create a Safer World with Zero-Trust Autonomic Swarm Security
Imagine If Joe Biden's AI Executive Order Were Inspired by 'The Terminator'
How AI and Automation Can Improve Operational Resiliency
Elon Musk says xAI is ready to release its first AI model to a 'select group'
Musk Says Mysterious xAI Product to Be Offered to 'Select Group'
Phi 1.5: Microsoft improves mini language model  Phi  with image analysis
Magic genies, killer robots and AI friends &ndash; all the best quotes from Elon Musk's chat with Rishi Sunak in London
Boosting LLMs with External Knowledge: The Case for Knowledge Graphs
Generative AI News This Week - Deepfake Market Data, Biden AI Rules, Anthropic Gets $2B, LexisNexis, ChatGPT, RedPajama & More
Whose job will AI replace? Why a clerk in Ethiopia has more to fear than one in California
How to fine-tune GPT-3.5 or Llama 2 with a single instruction
Nope!
How Human Bias Undermines AI-Enabled Solutions
Ready to use Google Colab to finetune SDXL + T2I Sketch Adapter
xAI: Elon Musk's AI company releases first AI model
6 Artificial Intelligence Myths Debunked: Separating Fact from Fiction
Python Web Scraping Made Easy: Explore These 8 Libraries
Web Browser Brave Adds Generative AI Assistant Leo
Analogical & Step-Back Prompting: A Dive into Recent Advancements by Google DeepMind
ChatGPT As an OCR For PDFs: Your ETL Engine for Data Analysis
'I'd Have Told Them to F*ck Off': Succession Star Brian Cox Says AI Is a Human Rights Issue
'Bracing for the impact': Founders who built on ChatGPT find out the hard way Big Tech can torpedo their work
Top 5 AI Chatbot Platforms: Your Guide to Building Chatbots with Ease
Cybersecurity Lakehouse Best Practices Part 1: Event Timestamp Extraction
Amazon Bedrock GM Talks Generative AI Model Choice, Titan LLM, and Customer Obsession   Voicebot Podcast 358
Artificial intelligence may lead to the end of human employment, Elon Musk warns
Musk on how to turn the UK into a 'unicorn breeding ground'
Forget ChatGPT, why Llama and open source AI win 2023
Labour accuses Rishi Sunak of angling for job after Elon Musk interview
[D] Making an autoencoder rotation invariant for image clustering?
Create a SuperPrompt for Natural Language to SQL Conversion for OpenAI.
Best Youtube channels about Python
1. Pixegami
Martin Rowson on Rishi Sunak's meeting with Elon Musk   cartoon
Analyze, Visualize, and Optimize Real-World Processes with OpenUSD in FlexSim
Microsoft Researchers Introduce 'Large Search Model' Framework to Revolutionize Online Search Engines with Language AI
Musk's xAI to release first AI model to 'select group'
Now and Then: enabled by AI -- created by profound connections between the four Beatles
'Bletchley made me more optimistic': how experts reacted to AI summit
10 Insights on Real-World Container Use: Datadog
5 AI-powered tech gifts that are actually fun   and productive
Emerging Trends in Generative AI Research: A Selection of Recent Papers
[Week of 10/30] LangChain Release Notes
Announcing LangChain Templates
Microsoft Makes Miniscule Model Multimodal Like ChatGPT's GPT-4V
Pro Weekly: Behind the Explosion of Generative AI Startups
Researcher: Biden administration executive order tackles AI risks, but lack of privacy laws limits reach
Beating GPT-4 with Open Source LLMs   with Michael Royzen of Phind
Is Medicine going to turn into a job where you manage multiple AI/LLM tools to use as CoPilot
Salesforce Report Highlights Importance of Data in the AI Revolution
The AI craze is overblown - and the S&P 500 will suffer if the 'Magnificent 7' stocks falter, veteran investor warns
Elon Musk's new AI company, xAI, soft launches this weekend
How to bootstrap an AI startup
OpenAI's massive ChatGPT updates leak ahead of developer conference
Apple CEO Tim Cook says AI is a fundamental technology, confirms investments in generative AI
Conveyer announced AI-Powered Policy Dashboard
New AI Dev Platform Allows You to Customize Open Source LLMs
Make an Animated Menu like Stripe with React, Tailwind, and AI
Elon Musk says xAI will begin offering 'best' AI to select users on Nov. 4
Hyperparameter Tuning: GridSearchCV and RandomizedSearchCV, Explained
HuggingFace Introduces TextEnvironments: An Orchestrator between a Machine Learning Model and A Set of Tools (Python Functions) that the Model can Call to Solve Specific Tasks
ULTRA: Foundation Models for Knowledge Graph Reasoning
AI Ranked the Most Important Technology in 2024, IEEE Survey Finds
Como eu estudei para AZ-900 e fui aprovada?
JumpBoost
POV: You're an interviewer asking me about my Python skills
Police Investigating AI-Generated Nudes of New Jersey High Schoolers
No utopia: experts question Elon Musk's vision of world without work
Simple way of improving Zero-Shot CLIP performance
[D] Comparing RL and LLM Prompting for Modern Game Playing AI Systems (a video)
'Now and Then,' the Beatles' Last Song, Is Here, Thanks to Peter Jackson's AI
Multimodal Data Integration: How Artificial Intelligence Is Revolutionizing Cancer Care
Beyond the Warm Embrace: A Deeper Look at Hugging Face
Elon Musk and Other Doomers Gave the AI World an Aneurysm This Week
Peter Jackson's Video for The Beatles' AI Song Has Some Jump Scares
Microsoft Revamping Semantic Kernel AI SDK After 'Unexpected Uses'
AI helps 3D printers  write  with coiling fluid ropes like Jackson Pollock
How Nightshade Works
[D] Trying to remember the name of a famous paper...
Elon Musk Is About to Release His First AI
Global AI Safety Summit shows need for collaborative approach to risks
WordPal AI
Finding Dark Matter using a Quantum Computer
7 Trending Open Source Tools for Data Visualization in 2023
Grammarly Releases Enterprise Generative AI Tools That Mimic Your Writing Style
35% of college students are using AI tools to help them with their studies
Which AI Image Generator is The Most Biased?
Some ChatGPT Plus users are quietly losing the Browse with Bing feature
AI Regulation, War and the Future of the American Tech Stack
Runway ML's Gen-2 AI video generator leaps forward in resolution, fidelity, and consistency
How to Make AI Art: A Complete Guide
15 tech toys for kids that make great gifts
[D] What do you fine folks think of this - Causal AI ?
pyaction 4.26.0 Released
Fear Wins
Should I use poaching attempts to ask for higher salary?
Godfather of AI Warns That Powerful Companies Are Seizing Control of It
Google's RealLife AI Model Feels Like Magic
Researchers at Stanford Introduce RoboFuME: Revolutionizing Robotic Learning with Minimal Human Input
Apple Researchers Propose Large Language Model Reinforcement Learning Policy (LLaRP): An AI Approach Using Which LLMs Can Be Tailored To Act As Generalizable Policies For Embodied Visual Tasks
How Good is the Claude 2 AI at Working With PDFs? - Let's Find Out
Speech-to-Text AI for Product Managers: How It Works and Key Considerations
How I Create Consistent Characters with DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT.
This Artificial Intelligence-Focused Chip Redefines Efficiency: Doubling Down on Energy Savings by Unifying Processing and Memory
Enhancing Factuality in AI: This AI Research Introduces Self-RAG for More Accurate and Reflective Language Models
China says it attended the UK AI Safety Summit's ministerial meeting on its second day, despite not being listed by the UK among the  like-minded  participants (Reuters)
Taking on giants: a QA with robotic vacuum startup Matic's co-founder Mehul Nariyawala
Musk says Twitter subscribers will get early access to xAI's chatbot, Grok
How to use ChatGPT Plus: From web browsing to plugins
[D]How to fine tune LLMs using deepspeed without OOM issues
YOLOv8: Pioneering Breakthroughs in Object Detection Technology
Enhancing Gaming Security with AI and Blockchain Integration
Beyond Fact or Fiction: Evaluating the Advanced Fact-Checking Capabilities of Large Language Models like GPT-4
Embracing AI in Journalism   The News Carousel
Lagrange Multipliers, KKT Conditions & Duality   Intuitively Explained
Meet Davidsonian Scene Graph: A Revolutionary AI Framework for Assessing Text-to-Image AI with Precision
Meet IBM's Watsonx Code Assistant: Revolutionizing Enterprise Coding with AI-Powered Assistance
Top AI Email Assistants (November 2023)
UBC and Honda Unveil Revolutionary Soft Sensor for Sensitive Robotics
Revolutionizing AI's Listening Skills: Tsinghua University and ByteDance Unveil SALMONN   A Groundbreaking Multimodal Neural Network for Advanced Audio Processing
Obama Has Secretly Been Working on AI for Biden
Adding Inset Axes to Matplotlib Figures
Set These Boundaries for a Better-Quality Work-Life Balance as a Data Scientist In 2024
Elon Musk's xAI to Launch ChatGPT Rival, Grok
5 Visualizations with Python to Show Simultaneous Changes in Geospatial Data
Let's Build a Full-Stack AI Application in React!
If you had a chance to rebuild your DS/DE team, how would you do it?

How ChatGPT Enterprise has helped Canva save hours of time and build better tools
Rooftops AI
Sage
Windows Copilot is still dumb like a rock
Stability AI's Stable 3D promises faster, easier 3D content creation
My Experience with DevOps and DataOps
Don't let Big Tech write the AI rules, warns AI godfather
Sanitizing any user input with OpenAI under $1
[D] What does the current MLE job market look like?
Introduction to Logistic Regression in PySpark
SOTA for Named Entity Recognition and Entity resolution
Mindfuly: Daily AI Meditations
Pixel manipulation, sabotage, lawsuits: How artists fight generative AI for images
Limeline
OpenAI's Chief Scientist Worried AGI Will Treat Us Like Animals
Steak-umm Uses Deepfakes to Make Vegans Devour Meat
Google's MetNet-3 AI weather forecasting model delivers accurate 24-hour forecasts
IBM's Groundbreaking Analog AI Chip: Ushers New Era  of Efficiency and Accuracy
Apple Becomes AI Developers New Favourite for Running Biggest Open Source LLMs
Google DeepMind's robotics head on general purpose robots, generative AI and office WiFi
Research Papers (October 2023)
Presentation: LLMs in the Real World: Structuring Text with Declarative NLP
Model says her face was edited with AI to look white: 'It's very dehumanizing'
[D] Does Meta use/allow Jax at their AI research?
How can someone determine the geometry of their clusters (ie, flat or convex) if the data has high dimensionality?
[R] Highlights for every NeurIPS 2023 paper
Miaows, purrs, whisker twitches: AI could finally help us understand cat 'language'
'It's Like I Created a Baby': An AI Matriarch Appraises Her Offspring
An AI Safety Institute Benefits Big Tech, but Little Else
AI influencers: Why big brands are turning to virtual trendsetters
How to Build Your Own Chrome Extension Using ChatGPT
Forward Pass & Backpropagation: Neural Networks 101
AI is the Exercise Room for Productivity
How Generative AI Testing Differs from Traditional Apps - Lessons from 15K Testers
There are some red flags in a boss or manager that everyone should be aware of
If chatbots can ace job interviews for us, maybe it's time to scrap this ordeal | Martha Gill
Tired of QR codes? Build you own fiducial marker
How would you explain complex data transformations to others?
How engineering leaders can use AI to optimize performance
Why I'm Learning JavaScript as a Data Scientist
AI bot performed insider trading and lied about its actions, study shows
Modern Data Engineering
A Foundation Model for Satellite Images
Anomaly Detection in Multivariate Time Series with... Diffusion Models?
Hacking Google Bard - From Prompt Injection to Data Exfiltration
Hate on Tailwind... I have seen that before!
How to Make a Data Science Portfolio Website (in Under 15 Minutes with R)
Elon Musk is getting ready to launch his first AI model to premium X users. 'Grok' will be 'based' and 'loves sarcasm,' Musk said.
Rishi Sunak displays his astonishing incompetence (AI for short)   cartoon
Bridging AI and IMO Challenges: A Breakthrough in Formal Plane Geometry Systems
Can AI curb loneliness in older adults? This robot companion is proving it's possible
Elevate Your Data Science Career: How to become a Senior Data Scientist
Assessing the Linguistic Mastery of Artificial Intelligence: A Deep Dive into ChatGPT's Morphological Skills Across Languages
AI is not the problem, prime minister   but the corporations that control it are | John Naughton
Bad map
Evolutionary Algorithm   Selections Explained
Category Magic: Transforming Categorical Data in ML
how well do NLP masters prepare you for industry jobs?
Do we have enough GPUs to manifest AI's potential?
xAI's 'Grok' chatbot will be available to X Premium+ subscribers only
Biden's cabinet wants to know if ChatGPT can make a bioweapon
Meta, Google, OpenAI defend AI's transformative use of copyrighted data
Firms like Meta and A16z admit having to pay billions for training data would ruin their generative-AI plans as they fight new copyright rules
Is AI regulation really possible? | Fiona Katauskas
[R] A Survey on Large Language Model based Autonomous Agents
PDF generation with Gotenberg
[D]: Sampling with vs without replacement
Improving Zero-shot Reader by Reducing Distractions from Irrelevant Documents in Open-Domain Question Answering. (arXiv:2310.17490v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Chinesewebtext: Large-scale high-quality Chinese web text extracted with effective evaluation model. (arXiv:2311.01149v1 [cs.CL])
Finding Common Ground: Annotating and Predicting Common Ground in Spoken Conversations. (arXiv:2311.01273v1 [cs.CL])
SEAHORSE: A Multilingual, Multifaceted Dataset for Summarization Evaluation. (arXiv:2305.13194v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Elon Musk's xAI releases its AI model Grok, which it says surpasses other models in its compute class, including ChatGPT-3.5, to a  limited number  of US users (xAI)
Learn to Refuse: Making Large Language Models More Controllable and Reliable through Knowledge Scope Limitation and Refusal Mechanism. (arXiv:2311.01041v1 [cs.CL])
ParroT: Translating during Chat using Large Language Models tuned with Human Translation and Feedback. (arXiv:2304.02426v5 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
The Effect of Scaling, Retrieval Augmentation and Form on the Factual Consistency of Language Models. (arXiv:2311.01307v1 [cs.CL])
Tory MPs blast 'out of touch' Sunak as he woos homeowners in king's speech
DeltaScore: Fine-Grained Story Evaluation with Perturbations. (arXiv:2303.08991v5 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
OpenAI Researchers Pioneer Advanced Consistency Models for High-Quality Data Sampling Without Adversarial Training
Diffusion Models: How do They Diffuse?
Iterated Piecewise Affine (IPA) Approximation for Language Modeling. (arXiv:2306.12317v3 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Discovering Universal Geometry in Embeddings with ICA. (arXiv:2305.13175v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
How AI is Navigating SAP's Intelligent Enterprise
Joint Learning of Local and Global Features for Aspect-based Sentiment Classification. (arXiv:2311.01030v1 [cs.CL])
Self-Influence Guided Data Reweighting for Language Model Pre-training. (arXiv:2311.00913v1 [cs.CL])
Construction Artifacts in Metaphor Identification Datasets. (arXiv:2311.00790v1 [cs.CL])
DistilWhisper: Efficient Distillation of Multi-task Speech Models via Language-Specific Experts. (arXiv:2311.01070v1 [cs.CL])
In-Context Prompt Editing For Conditional Audio Generation. (arXiv:2311.00895v1 [cs.SD])
Predicting Question-Answering Performance of Large Language Models through Semantic Consistency. (arXiv:2311.01152v1 [cs.CL])
On The Open Prompt Challenge In Conditional Audio Generation. (arXiv:2311.00897v1 [cs.SD])
LLM and Infrastructure as a Code use case. (arXiv:2309.01456v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Can Language Models Be Tricked by Language Illusions? Easier with Syntax, Harder with Semantics. (arXiv:2311.01386v1 [cs.CL])
Revisiting the Knowledge Injection Frameworks. (arXiv:2311.01150v1 [cs.CL])
YouTube: OpenAssistant is Completed - by Yannic Kilcher
QUDEVAL: The Evaluation of Questions Under Discussion Discourse Parsing. (arXiv:2310.14520v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Amortized Simulation-Based Frequentist Inference for Tractable and Intractable Likelihoods. (arXiv:2306.07769v2 [stat.ME] UPDATED)
Language Agents for Detecting Implicit Stereotypes in Text-to-image Models at Scale. (arXiv:2310.11778v3 [cs.CY] UPDATED)
Meta-Reasoning: Semantics-Symbol Deconstruction For Large Language Models. (arXiv:2306.17820v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Towards Characterizing the First-order Query Complexity of Learning (Approximate) Nash Equilibria in Zero-sum Matrix Games. (arXiv:2304.12768v2 [cs.GT] UPDATED)
ATHENA: Mathematical Reasoning with Thought Expansion. (arXiv:2311.01036v1 [cs.CL])
EMO: Earth Mover Distance Optimization for Auto-Regressive Language Modeling. (arXiv:2310.04691v3 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Meet FreeNoise: A New Artificial Intelligence Method that can Generate Longer Videos with up to 512 Frames from Multiple Text Prompts
Vision-Language Interpreter for Robot Task Planning. (arXiv:2311.00967v1 [cs.RO])
Air-Decoding: Attribute Distribution Reconstruction for Decoding-Time Controllable Text Generation. (arXiv:2310.14892v3 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Better Together: Enhancing Generative Knowledge Graph Completion with Language Models and Neighborhood Information. (arXiv:2311.01326v1 [cs.CL])
Calibrated Seq2seq Models for Efficient and Generalizable Ultra-fine Entity Typing. (arXiv:2311.00835v1 [cs.CL])
Norm of Word Embedding Encodes Information Gain. (arXiv:2212.09663v3 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Can LMs Generalize to Future Data? An Empirical Analysis on Text Summarization. (arXiv:2305.01951v3 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Towards Legally Enforceable Hate Speech Detection for Public Forums. (arXiv:2305.13677v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Kernel-based Joint Independence Tests for Multivariate Stationary and Non-stationary Time Series. (arXiv:2305.08529v3 [stat.ME] UPDATED)
A look at AI companies' responses, including from Meta, Google, Microsoft, and Apple, to possible US Copyright Office changes around AI and copyrighted content (Wes Davis/The Verge)
IndoToD: A Multi-Domain Indonesian Benchmark For End-to-End Task-Oriented Dialogue Systems. (arXiv:2311.00958v1 [cs.CL])
Automatic Disfluency Detection from Untranscribed Speech. (arXiv:2311.00867v1 [eess.AS])
Noise-Robust Fine-Tuning of Pretrained Language Models via External Guidance. (arXiv:2311.01108v1 [cs.CL])
This Machine Learning Research Develops an AI Model for Effectively Removing Biases in a Dataset
Challenges for Linguistically-Driven Computer-Based Sign Recognition from Continuous Signing for American Sign Language. (arXiv:2311.00762v1 [cs.CV])
FACTOR: Detecting Deepfakes without Seeing Any Examples
Lean, Mean, AI Dream Machine: DejaVu Cuts AI Chit-Chat Costs Without Losing Its Wits
ACES: Translation Accuracy Challenge Sets at WMT 2023. (arXiv:2311.01153v1 [cs.CL])
How Canadian companies can use tech to identify forced labor in their supply chains
Weakly Supervised Semantic Parsing with Execution-based Spurious Program Filtering. (arXiv:2311.01161v1 [cs.CL])
COPAL-ID: Indonesian Language Reasoning with Local Culture and Nuances. (arXiv:2311.01012v1 [cs.CL])
Replicable Benchmarking of Neural Machine Translation (NMT) on Low-Resource Local Languages in Indonesia. (arXiv:2311.00998v1 [cs.CL])
A Comprehensive Overview of Large Language Models. (arXiv:2307.06435v5 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Server-side Rescoring of Spoken Entity-centric Knowledge Queries for Virtual Assistants. (arXiv:2311.01398v1 [cs.CL])
Schwoogle, Open Source AS-based Search Engine
Rainproof: An Umbrella To Shield Text Generators From Out-Of-Distribution Data. (arXiv:2212.09171v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Open-world Semi-supervised Generalized Relation Discovery Aligned in a Real-world Setting. (arXiv:2305.13533v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
GPT-4V(ision) as a Generalist Evaluator for Vision-Language Tasks. (arXiv:2311.01361v1 [cs.CV])
AI companies have all kinds of arguments against paying for copyrighted content
ChatGPT Takes a Walk on the Robotic Side: Boston Dynamics' Latest Mechanical Marvel Now Talks Back
PPI++: Efficient Prediction-Powered Inference. (arXiv:2311.01453v1 [stat.ML])
Generative Input: Towards Next-Generation Input Methods Paradigm. (arXiv:2311.01166v1 [cs.CL])
Is ChatGPT A Good Translator? Yes With GPT-4 As The Engine. (arXiv:2301.08745v4 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Researchers say AI models like GPT-4 respond with improved performance when prompted with emotional context, because of how such models handle nuanced prompts (Mike Young/AIModels.fyi)
AVIS: Autonomous Visual Information Seeking with Large Language Model Agent. (arXiv:2306.08129v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Neural Diffusion Models. (arXiv:2310.08337v1 [cs.LG] CROSS LISTED)
Text Alignment Is An Efficient Unified Model for Massive NLP Tasks. (arXiv:2307.02729v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Blending Reward Functions via Few Expert Demonstrations for Faithful and Accurate Knowledge-Grounded Dialogue Generation. (arXiv:2311.00953v1 [cs.CL])
CRUSH4SQL: Collective Retrieval Using Schema Hallucination For Text2SQL. (arXiv:2311.01173v1 [cs.CL])
The Art of SOCRATIC QUESTIONING: Recursive Thinking with Large Language Models. (arXiv:2305.14999v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Task-Agnostic Low-Rank Adapters for Unseen English Dialects. (arXiv:2311.00915v1 [cs.CL])
People Make Better Edits: Measuring the Efficacy of LLM-Generated Counterfactually Augmented Data for Harmful Language Detection. (arXiv:2311.01270v1 [cs.CL])
Multi-dimensional data refining strategy for effective fine-tuning LLMs. (arXiv:2311.01049v1 [cs.CL])
Exact Diffusion Inversion via Bi-directional Integration Approximation. (arXiv:2307.10829v5 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Bridging the Domain Gap: Self-Supervised 3D Scene Understanding with Foundation Models. (arXiv:2305.08776v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Sculpting Efficiency: Pruning Medical Imaging Models for On-Device Inference. (arXiv:2309.05090v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
NLLB-CLIP -- train performant multilingual image retrieval model on a budget. (arXiv:2309.01859v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Leveraging Automatic Personalised Nutrition: Food Image Recognition Benchmark and Dataset based on Nutrition Taxonomy. (arXiv:2211.07440v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Developability Approximation for Neural Implicits through Rank Minimization. (arXiv:2308.03900v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
OpenForest: A data catalogue for machine learning in forest monitoring. (arXiv:2311.00277v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Transformation Decoupling Strategy based on Screw Theory for Deterministic Point Cloud Registration with Gravity Prior. (arXiv:2311.01432v1 [cs.CV])
FacadeNet: Conditional Facade Synthesis via Selective Editing. (arXiv:2311.01240v1 [cs.CV])
Lookaround Optimizer: $k$ steps around, 1 step average. (arXiv:2306.07684v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Masked Collaborative Contrast for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation. (arXiv:2305.08491v5 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Hybrid-Fusion Transformer for Multisequence MRI. (arXiv:2311.01308v1 [eess.IV])
Optimal Transport-Guided Conditional Score-Based Diffusion Models. (arXiv:2311.01226v1 [cs.CV])
Continual atlas-based segmentation of prostate MRI. (arXiv:2311.00548v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Leveraging Diffusion Disentangled Representations to Mitigate Shortcuts in Underspecified Visual Tasks. (arXiv:2310.02230v4 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
COSST: Multi-organ Segmentation with Partially Labeled Datasets Using Comprehensive Supervisions and Self-training. (arXiv:2304.14030v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Robust Feature Learning and Global Variance-Driven Classifier Alignment for Long-Tail Class Incremental Learning. (arXiv:2311.01227v1 [cs.CV])
High-Fidelity and Freely Controllable Talking Head Video Generation. (arXiv:2304.10168v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Boundary Discretization and Reliable Classification Network for Temporal Action Detection. (arXiv:2310.06403v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Interpreting Code with Amazon Bedrock's Claude Foundational Model
Pseudo-Bag Mixup Augmentation for Multiple Instance Learning-Based Whole Slide Image Classification. (arXiv:2306.16180v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Proxy Anchor-based Unsupervised Learning for Continuous Generalized Category Discovery. (arXiv:2307.10943v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Disentangled Counterfactual Learning for Physical Audiovisual Commonsense Reasoning. (arXiv:2310.19559v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
AiluRus: A Scalable ViT Framework for Dense Prediction. (arXiv:2311.01197v1 [cs.CV])
Deep Neural Networks for Automatic Speaker Recognition Do Not Learn Supra-Segmental Temporal Features. (arXiv:2311.00489v2 [cs.SD] UPDATED)
GlueGen: Plug and Play Multi-modal Encoders for X-to-image Generation. (arXiv:2303.10056v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
JADE: A Linguistics-based Safety Evaluation Platform for LLM. (arXiv:2311.00286v2 [cs.CL] UPDATED)
Neural Architecture Search for Compressed Sensing Magnetic Resonance Image Reconstruction. (arXiv:2002.09625v7 [eess.IV] UPDATED)
Ultrasound Plane Pose Regression: Assessing Generalized Pose Coordinates in the Fetal Brain. (arXiv:2301.08317v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Efficient Feature Distillation for Zero-shot Annotation Object Detection. (arXiv:2303.12145v4 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
AutoMixer for Improved Multivariate Time-Series Forecasting on Business and IT Observability Data. (arXiv:2310.20280v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Exploring Deep Learning Image Super-Resolution for Iris Recognition. (arXiv:2311.01241v1 [eess.IV])
Joint 3D Shape and Motion Estimation from Rolling Shutter Light-Field Images. (arXiv:2311.01292v1 [cs.CV])
Self-Supervised Image Captioning with CLIP. (arXiv:2306.15111v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Cross-Modal Information-Guided Network using Contrastive Learning for Point Cloud Registration. (arXiv:2311.01202v1 [cs.CV])
Recognize Any Regions. (arXiv:2311.01373v1 [cs.CV])
DiViNeT: 3D Reconstruction from Disparate Views via Neural Template Regularization. (arXiv:2306.04699v4 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Socratis: Are large multimodal models emotionally aware?. (arXiv:2308.16741v3 [cs.AI] UPDATED)
Distilling Knowledge from CNN-Transformer Models for Enhanced Human Action Recognition. (arXiv:2311.01283v1 [cs.CV])
VNVC: A Versatile Neural Video Coding Framework for Efficient Human-Machine Vision. (arXiv:2306.10681v2 [eess.IV] UPDATED)
A Systematic Literature Review of Computer Vision Applications in Robotized Wire Harness Assembly. (arXiv:2309.13744v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
UniFolding: Towards Sample-efficient, Scalable, and Generalizable Robotic Garment Folding. (arXiv:2311.01267v1 [cs.RO])
Robust Identity Perceptual Watermark Against Deepfake Face Swapping. (arXiv:2311.01357v1 [cs.CV])
Relative-Interior Solution for (Incomplete) Linear Assignment Problem with Applications to Quadratic Assignment Problem. (arXiv:2301.11201v2 [math.OC] UPDATED)
Physion++: Evaluating Physical Scene Understanding that Requires Online Inference of Different Physical Properties. (arXiv:2306.15668v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Multi-view Relation Learning for Cross-domain Few-shot Hyperspectral Image Classification. (arXiv:2311.01212v1 [cs.CV])
LabelFormer: Object Trajectory Refinement for Offboard Perception from LiDAR Point Clouds. (arXiv:2311.01444v1 [cs.CV])
Efficient Vision Transformer for Accurate Traffic Sign Detection. (arXiv:2311.01429v1 [cs.CV])
Improved Difference Images for Change Detection Classifiers in SAR Imagery Using Deep Learning. (arXiv:2303.17835v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Long Story Short: a Summarize-then-Search Method for Long Video Question Answering. (arXiv:2311.01233v1 [cs.CV])
UniControl: A Unified Diffusion Model for Controllable Visual Generation In the Wild. (arXiv:2305.11147v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
ReTR: Modeling Rendering Via Transformer for Generalizable Neural Surface Reconstruction. (arXiv:2305.18832v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
CenterRadarNet: Joint 3D Object Detection and Tracking Framework using 4D FMCW Radar. (arXiv:2311.01423v1 [cs.CV])
Hashing User Passwords Using bcrypt in Python
FVP: Fourier Visual Prompting for Source-Free Unsupervised Domain Adaptation of Medical Image Segmentation. (arXiv:2304.13672v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Computer Vision Technology for Robotized Wire Harness Assembly. (arXiv:2309.13745v2 [cs.RO] UPDATED)
Convergent plug-and-play with proximal denoiser and unconstrained regularization parameter. (arXiv:2311.01216v1 [math.OC])
Typing on Any Surface: A Deep Learning-based Method for Real-Time Keystroke Detection in Augmented Reality. (arXiv:2309.00174v2 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Detection of Non-uniformity in Parameters for Magnetic Domain Pattern Generation by Machine Learning. (arXiv:2305.14764v2 [cond-mat.mtrl-sci] UPDATED)
Sim2Real Bilevel Adaptation for Object Surface Classification using Vision-Based Tactile Sensors. (arXiv:2311.01380v1 [cs.RO])
Log-Likelihood Score Level Fusion for Improved Cross-Sensor Smartphone Periocular Recognition. (arXiv:2311.01237v1 [cs.CV])
High-Quality Animatable Dynamic Garment Reconstruction from Monocular Videos. (arXiv:2311.01214v1 [cs.CV])
EResFD: Rediscovery of the Effectiveness of Standard Convolution for Lightweight Face Detection. (arXiv:2204.01209v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Semantic Scene Graph Generation Based on an Edge Dual Scene Graph and Message Passing Neural Network. (arXiv:2311.01192v1 [cs.CV])
You Only Look at Once for Real-time and Generic Multi-Task. (arXiv:2310.01641v3 [cs.CV] UPDATED)
Meet FANToM: A Benchmark for Stress-testing Machine Theory of Mind in Interactions
GenAI and the Forced Evolution of Photography: From Artifice to Authenticity
Researchers use generative simulation to unlock infinite training data for robots
Musk teases AI chatbot 'Grok,' with real-time access to X
DeepMind's AlphaFold-Latest is Pushing the Boundaries of Scientific Exploration
Video Highlights: PyTorch 2.0 on the ROCm Platform
Elon Musk and xAI unveil  humorous  AI chatbot  Grok
Inspired by Seinfeld: Google unveils new AI model for image generation
Q&A with Adobe General Counsel and Chief Trust Officer Dana Rao on the Content Authenticity Initiative, content credentials, AI deepfake detection, and more (Wall Street Journal)
Revealed: Home Affairs paying to access controversial tool tracking mobile phone movements
Brian Cox Says AI Replacing Actors Is a  Human Rights Issue
IPhone Maker Foxconn's Sales Decline as China Begins Probe
AI pioneer Fei-Fei Li: 'I'm more concerned about the risks that are here and now'
Here's Everything You Can Do With Copilot, the Generative AI Assistant on Windows 11
What is Grok? Is X.ai's Chatbot for Twitter Really Better Than ChatGPT?
Israeli minister swiftly punished after suggesting dropping a nuke on Gaza
Zero-Shot Text Classification Experience With Scikit-LLM
How AI brought the Beatles back together one more time
I built a Snake Game in React
Data Machina #226
Understanding Backtracking using Python: Beginners Guide
Why useSyncExternalStore Is Not Used in Jotai
Adobe sells AI-generated war images, blurring the lines between reality and fiction
It's easy to be dazzled by the super-rich, but don't believe that they'll do the right thing | Will Hutton
Elon Musk unveils X chatbot  Grok,  which answers  spicy  questions others won't
Elon Musk unveils Grok, an AI chatbot with a 'rebellious streak'
Machine Learning Explored
Linear Regression, Kernel Trick, and Linear-Kernel.
Put emotional pressure on your chatbot to make it shine
[D] From RNNs to GPT4 - 10 years of NLP research explained in 50 concepts
Microsoft Introduces Data Formulator: A Concept-Driven Visualization Authoring Tool that Leverages an Artificial Intelligence AI Agent to Address the Data Transformation Challenge in Visualization Authoring
Intel's Pat Gelsinger gives his candid thoughts on the company's biggest missed opportunities
A bird's eye view of linear algebra: The measure of a map   determinant
Elon Musk and XAi Team Launches Grok: Artificial Intelligence's (AI) New Frontier with Live Data and the Strongest Competitor to ChatGPT
Copy css from any website
Python Secure Password Management: Hashing and Encryption #
Alleged OpenAI DevDay leak suggests connections to cloud drives, custom chatbot builder
Computer Vision News of November 2023 with BEST OF ICCV
[R] Diffusion might be a better way to model randomness in PPLs than Markov chain Monte Carlo or VI
My Unexpected journey into data science
The week in audio: Gangster: The Story of the Burger Bar Boys; Kids of Rutherford County; Hits Radio Breakfast with AI Fleur East   review
Stop Being Bad at Networking!
Langfuse: A Beacon of Open Innovation for LLM Developers
Easily Implement Multiclass SVM From Scratch in Python
Recommender Systems From Implicit Feedback Using TensorFlow Recommenders
Despite the limited progress, delegates at the UK's AI Safety Summit welcomed the high-level discussions about international collaboration on regulating AI (Billy Perrigo/TIME)
Elon Musk unveils xAI's first product Grok, an LLM offering realtime data, efficiency and 'humor'
Diffusion might be a better way to model probability in PPLs
How Was Your Coding Journey Like?
Building a Gen AI CV screener at DataRobot and AWS Hackathon 2023
AI Search: Exploring the Threat of Traffic Drops and How to Rank on Large Language Models
'A kind of magic': Peter Blake says possibilities of AI are endless for art
Stripe: Online migrations at scale
Collins English Dictionary names 'AI' word of the year
Fake news and ridiculing the dead   what's wrong with Microsoft's AI news
Made an real time ALPR model
Biden's AI chief says 'voice cloning' is what keeps him up at night
Advanced RAG 01: Small-to-Big Retrieval
Hidden Markov Models Explained with a Real Life Example and Python code
Director Makoto Shinkai to Get Academy Museum Installment
China Startup 01.AI Hits $1 Billion Value With Top-Ranked Open-Source Model
See the History of a Method with git log -L
Improving Chatbot With Code Generation: Building a Context-Aware Chatbot for Publications
Quoting Michael Schade
Valued at $1B, Kai-Fu Lee's LLM startup unveils open source model
Imperial College London Team Develops an Artificial Intelligence Method for Few-Shot Imitation Learning: Mastering Novel Real-World Tasks with Minimal Demonstrations
Amazon fulfillment centers are key to timely deliveries. Learn more about your order's journey after checkout cart.
GPT-4 can ace the bar, but it only has a decent chance of passing the CFA exams. Here's a list of difficult exams the ChatGPT and GPT-4 have passed.
AI for Developers
Together AI Releases RedPajama v2: An Open Dataset with 30 Trillion Tokens for Training Large Language Models
ChatGPT subscribers may get a 'GPT builder' option soon
How 'Acoustic Touch' Technology Offers Vision Through Sound
ChatGPT refused to answer, so I asked Bard
A look at CulturePulse, which is building an AI model to create a virtual version of Israel and Palestinian territories and has signed a nine-month UN contract (David Gilbert/Wired)
Do you trust AI to write the news? It already is   and not without issues
Canon's Advanced Chip Machines to Cost a Fraction of ASML's Best
Grok
Trained on Chips, Gen AI is Shaping the Chip Industry
Virtual Scrolling in React: Implementation from scratch and using react-window
Tempus announced New ctDNA Assay, xF Monitor
What do startups want from AI regulation?
Decorion AI
More new Beatles music 'conceivable' after Now and Then, Peter Jackson says
ELI5: what is analog deep learning? [D]
How Chinese influencers use AI digital clones of themselves to pump out content
Google's 'About this Image' Feature: A Solution to AI-Generated Misinformation
From AI to fusion power: The next 10 startups in Intel's European deep tech accelerator
Construye un Asistente Personal con super poderes de IA Generativa
[R] Idempotent Generative Network
Do Gen AI and OSS Regulation Bring Us Further Away From Exiting the Dependency Hell?
Peeking Inside Pandora's Box: Unveiling the Hidden Complexities of Language Model Datasets with 'What's in My Big Data'? (WIMBD)
Elon Musk Debuts 'Rebellious' Grok AI Bot to Challenge ChatGPT
Chinese startup 01.AI, launched in March 2023 by computer scientist Kai-Fu Lee, reaches a $1B+ valuation and releases its AI model Yi-34B in Chinese and English (Bloomberg)
OpenAI Leaks GPT Builder Ahead of DevDay 2023
Ant Receives Chinese Government Nod to Roll Out AI Services
Clap
Nvidia boss Jensen Huang joked that Jackie Chan should play him in a movie
8 Most Influential AI Inventions of 2023
Why Sony Acquired iSIZE
A profile of, and interview with, White House Deputy Chief of Staff Bruce Reed, who is in charge of developing the Biden administration's AI strategy (Nancy Scola/Politico)
WhatsApp's sticker AI is adding guns to prompts for Palestinian children
DB-GPT: Transforming How We Interface with Databases with Proprietary LLM Technology
How much do you agree with this post (screenshot attached) based on your DS experience?
Canopy AI
Beaconcure launched its new Verify capability
Amazon Pilots AI-Powered Image Generation Tool for Advertisers
Text Classification using Transformer Encoder in PyTorch
Global leaders scramble to regulate the future of AI
Contrary to Common Belief, Artificial Intelligence Will Not Put You Out of Work
The bosses of rival chip giants Nvidia and AMD are cousins, researcher says
xAI plans to challenge ChatGPT with 'rebellious' chatbot Grok
Implementing GPT Models: A Deep Dive into Transformative AI Applications
Q&A with Google DeepMind Head of Robotics Vincent Vanhoucke on the robotics team's history, general purpose robots, generative AI's role in robotics, and more (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
Tech Start-Ups Try to Sell a Cautious Pentagon on A.I.
Back to Basics Week 1: Python Programming & Data Science Foundations
Is ChatGPT writing your code? Watch out for malware
Report Highlights Policy Changes to Manage AI Displacement
[D] Is there any work regarding the effects of text quality when pre-training CLIP-like models?
Elon Musk's new AI chatbot sure sounds like a foul-mouthed Twitter troll
AI startup 01.AI releases open-source LLM that beats Meta's Llama 2
Researchers from the University of Michigan Chart New Territory in AI's Theory of Mind: Unveiling a Taxonomy and Rigorous Protocols for Evaluation
Elon Musk's AI company xAI unveils Grok, a witty chatbot inspired by The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Elon Musk's xAI Took Four Months to Build Grok
Elon Musk to take on ChatGPT with Grok AI
Big Pharma Wants to Use AI to Increase Diversity in Clinical Trials
Chatbots May 'Hallucinate' More Often Than Many Realize
Black workers could be disproportionately harmed by AI in the workplace, a study says. They are feeling the heat &mdash; and trying to fix it.
Vector databases in LLMs and search
Health and AI are taking centre stage at BTYSTE 2024
WhatsApp's AI generates stickers of kids with guns when prompted with  Palestine , but prompts for  Israeli  generate stickers of people who are mostly smiling (Johana Bhuiyan/The Guardian)
Tech giants jockey for position at dawn of AI age
Why are Big-Tech Employees Quitting?
Does an AI tool help boost adoptions? Key takeaways from an AP Investigation
A train repairman spent $1 million turning a 100-year-old coach into a cowboy-themed home&nbsp;&mdash; see inside
Canon CEO Fujio Mitarai says the new nanoimprint chip machines will cost  one digit less than ASML's EUVs , although Canon has not yet set the final pricing (Bloomberg)
The Computer Vision's Battleground: Choose Your Champion
German generative AI startup Aleph Alpha raised $500M+ from Schwarz Group, Bosch, and others to build data protection and security tools for sensitive sectors (Financial Times)
AI Fringe   watch on demand
Data Science Hiring Process at LTIMindtree
Vectara Launches Groundbreaking Open-Source Model to Benchmark and Tackle 'Hallucinations' in AI-Language Models
This AI Bot Fills Out Job Applications for You While You Sleep
German Giants Pour Over $500 Million Into AI Startup Aleph Alpha
Elon Musk's AI startup officially launches with Grok AI
GitLab CI Optimization: 15+ Tips for Faster Pipelines
Biden's AI Order Is Step 1 of a Very Long Project
Patterns of Progress: Andrew Ng Eyes a Revolution in Computer Vision
Musk thinks X marks the spot for Grok AI engine based on social network
End-to-End Experimental Design using A/B Test
Python Inheritance Common Practices and Pitfalls: Diamond Problem, Mixins, and Others
Guest Post: Introduction to DiskANN and the Vamana Algorithm*
Mastering Deep Learning: The Art of Approximating Non-Linearities with Piecewise Estimations Part-3
How to leverage AI in finance with Christian Martinez
The Morning After: Elon Musk's new AI company, xAI, launches Grok the chatbot
MediaTek announced the Dimensity 9300
Are diffusion models secretly OP at anomaly detection?
The Download: military personnel data for sale, and AI watermarking
OpenAI set to unveil custom GPT-4 chatbot creator
Getting Started with Graph Database Queries, with Cheat Sheet!
XAI Releases its First LLM - Grok
AWS Researchers Introduce Gemini: Pioneering Fast Failure Recovery in Large-Scale Deep Learning Training
No one's been this pumped for a keynote since Steve Jobs launched the iPhone
Aleph Alpha raises $500m Series B in Europe's third-largest AI round ever
AI and Educational Equity: A Blueprint for Closing the Gap
Elon Musk Announces Grok, a 'Rebellious' AI Without Guardrails
China-U.S. AI Arms Race Heats Up as Chinese Startup Unveils Powerful New AI
What Is The Real Impact of AI on Job Cuts?
Do you trust AI to write the news? It already is and not without issues
Weekly Top Picks #51
Grok: AI Chatbot from Elon Musk's xAI
LLMOps   The Next Frontier of MLOps
Keynote livestream from OpenAI's first DevDay event (OpenAI on YouTube)
Is THIS Real Multi-Modal Learning?   ImageBind explained
OpenAI says ChatGPT has 100M weekly users and that over 2M developers are currently building on OpenAI's API, including over 92% of Fortune 500 companies (Jon Porter/The Verge)
GPTs by OpenAI
How to speed up GenAI adoption
Live updates from OpenAI Dev Day: Follow along with ZDNET
OpenAI launches API that lets developers build 'assistants' into their apps
OpenAI launches DALL-E 3 API, new text-to-speech models
OpenAI Lets Mom-and-Pop Shops Customize ChatGPT
Why I Quit My PhD in AI
App Store for AI: OpenAI's GPT Store lets you build (and monetize) your own GPT
Microsoft Working on AI-Powered NPCs for Xbox Games
VERSES AI Demos 'Genius ': Pioneering the Path to Smarter AI
Is Traditional Machine Learning Still Relevant?
As OpenAI's multimodal API launches broadly, research shows it's still flawed
NVIDIA CEO Hails New Data Science Facility As 'Starship of The Mind'
Google AI Introduces Audioplethysmography (APG): An Artificial Intelligence-Powered Novel Cardiac Monitoring Modality for Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) Headphones
You Can Now Customize Your ChatGPT
Is  trying to switch industry  a good excuse for question about why I started looking for job?
A Step-by-Step Guide to Containerizing and Deploying Machine Learning Models with Docker!
OpenAI debuts Copyright Shield, promising to defend ChatGPT Enterprise users and OpenAI devs if they face copyright infringement claims related to OpenAI apps (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
OpenAI Wants Everyone to Build Their Own Version of ChatGPT
Startups learn the hard way that relying on OpenAI's tech can burn them
OpenAI turbocharges GPT-4 and makes it cheaper
Canon's alternative chip equipment likely subject to trade curbs to China
Webinar: Accelerate Edge AI Development with NVIDIA Metropolis APIs and Microservices on NVIDIA Jetson
4-Bit Quantization with Lightning Fabric
Robotaxi companies have a serious trust issue
[R] GateLoop: Fully Data-Controlled Linear Recurrence for Sequence Modeling
Data Cleaning in Python
How Alibaba's generative AI testing seeks to empower smaller e-commerce sellers
Building a Single Customer View Using Open-Source Tools and Databricks
Microsoft's Xbox and Inworld AI enter a multi-year partnership to create multi-platform AI-powered game development tools for story and character creation (Dean Takahashi/VentureBeat)
OpenAI launches GPT-4 Turbo and launches fine-tuning program for GPT-4
GPT-4 Turbo
OpenAI introduces a no-code way for ChatGPT Plus subscribers to create custom AI agents for a wide range of tasks and then share them via the GPT Store (Alex Heath/The Verge)
All the news from OpenAI's first developer conference
European OpenAI Competitor Aleph Alpha Raises $500M
Critics Slam the Use of AI in The Beatles' Final Music Video
OpenAI announces Assistant API, which lets developers build  assistants  in their apps that can call OpenAI generative AI models and tools to perform tasks (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Elon Musk's new AI bot has an attitude - but only for these X subscribers
YouTube to test generative AI features, including a comments summarizer and conversational tool
ChatGPT-maker OpenAI hosts its first big tech showcase as the AI startup faces growing competition
Generative AI shouldn't reduce your startup's marketing headcount
Red Hat Ansible Lightspeed Uses AI to Automate Infrastructure Management
Snowflake Platform Gets Generative AI, ML, Data Lakehouse Features
5 Free University Courses on Data Analytics
OpenAI says ChatGPT has 100 million weekly users
OpenAI is letting anyone create their own version of ChatGPT
OpenAI launches GPT-4 Turbo with a context length of 128K tokens, an April 2023 knowledge cutoff, JSON mode, new modalities in the API, cheaper token cost, more (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Learn Multivariable Calculus through Incredible Visualizations with Wolfram Language
365 Data Science Offers Free Course Access Until Nov. 20
YouTube plans to test generative AI features for Premium users, including a comments summarizer and conversational tool, starting with Android devices in the US (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
OpenAI promises to defend business customers against copyright claims
Balancing the risks and rewards of AI will be key | Letters
OpenAI Spearheads Next-Gen AI with GPT-4 Turbo
ChatGPT is getting an upgrade that will make it more up to date
Using AI to Generate Database Query Is Cool. But What About Access Control?
OpenAI Unveils GPT-4 Turbo, Reduces Cost Significantly
Spinal implant allows Parkinson's patient to walk for miles
GPT-4 Turbo is OpenAI's most powerful large language model yet
Windows 11's new AI features: How to use Paint, Clipchamp, Snipping Tool and Photos
GPTs are the single-application mini-ChatGPT models that anyone can create
Inexpensive water-treatment monitoring process powered by machine learning
Neuromorphic computing research: Team proposes hardware that mimics the human brain
OpenAI launches a DALL-E 3 API, with moderation to help protect against misuse, and a text-to-speech API that offers six preset voices and two model variants (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Can Watermarking Solve GenAI's Trust Problem?
Lovelytics appoints Executive Tamara Kinney as Head of Revenue
OpenAI offers to pay for ChatGPT customers' copyright lawsuits
OpenAI Launches ChatGPT-4 Turbo During First-Ever DevDay
Watch the Open AI Dev Day keynote!
365 Data Science courses 100% free until November 20
GPT-4 Vs. Zephyr-7b-beta: Which One Should You Use?
OpenAI Unveils Customisable AI Agents; GPTs
OpenAI Finally Launches Code Interpreter API
OpenAI introduces custom AI assistants called  GPTs  that play different roles
YouTube tests AI-generated comment summaries and a chatbot for videos
Isambard-AI: UK's New 225m AI Supercomputer to Be Among the World's Fastest
OpenAI's First Developers Conference
Python Pandas creator Wes McKinney joins Posit
Is Sam Altman bad at typing? A short investigation.
Everything You Need to Know About the First-Ever OpenAI DevDay 2023
Lumina Analytics promotes Daniella Diaz to VP of Revenue and Marketing
OpenAI Unveils Custom 'GPTs' Allowing Anyone to Build ChatGPT Agents
Virtual Kidnapping: AI Tools Are Enabling IRL Extortion Scams
FLaNK Stack Weekly 06 Nov 2023
These AI Companies Want to Bring You Back From the Dead
Nextworld unveils latest release
Asian Runway Model Says AI Was Used to Make Her Look White
Explore variants of Time Intelligence in DAX
OpenAI DevDay: GPT-4 Turbo, Custom ChatGPT and API Updates
Join the First NVIDIA LLM Developer Day: Elevate Your App-Building Skills
Microsoft, OpenAI Looks to Build AGI Together
OpenAI's ChatGPT now has 100 million weekly active users
Microsoft Researchers Introduce LoRAShear: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Efficient Approach to Structurally Prune LLMs and Recover Knowledge
ICYMI: Leveraging the Power of GPUs with CuPy in Python
OpenAI hits the GPT-4 Turbo button plus promises copyright shield for fans
Builld Your First App With Shiny   R Shiny Tutorial For Beginners
OpenAI announces GPT-4 Turbo, assistants, and new API features
Is pymc hard to use or am I just bad?
OpenAI lets you make money with its custom ChatGPT chatbots
Data ethics in AI
The Dark Ritual
OpenAI introduces GPT-4 Turbo: Larger memory, lower cost, new knowledge
xAI Launches PromptIDE: A New Frontier in Prompt Engineering and Artificial Intelligence AI Transparency
Powered by AI, new system makes human-to-robot communication more seamless
Level Up Your Lighting: Q&amp;A with Lighting Artist Ted Mebratu
OpenAI unveils custom GPTs, Store, and Assistant API, at Dev Day
Biggest Moments From OpenAI's DevDay
Meet Grok: Elon Musk's No Filter, Sarcastic ChatGPT Rival
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has nothing but praise for Sam Altman and OpenAI
Rent AWS GPUs to Train Your Machine Learning Models
OpenAI Enhances GPT-4 and GPT-3.5 Knowledge and Memory, Drops Prices and Ups Legal Protection
Understanding the Impact of OpenAI's GPT4 Turbo on  Wrappers
OpenAI DevDay: OpenAI Announces GPT-4 Turbo and GPT Tool Builder Store
AI Startup Roundup: Snowflake's $100 Million Startup Fund
Deciphering Truth from Data: How Large Language Models Use Personas to Model Truthfulness
OpenAI Developer Conference: Customizable AI Sparks Excitement and Concern
You're next, game devs. Now Microsoft to bring character, story design copilot to Xbox
Meta says it is barring political advertisers from using its new generative AI advertising products (Katie Paul/Reuters)
Python pandas creator Wes McKinney has joined data science company Posit as a principal architect, signaling the company's efforts to play a bigger role in the Python universe as well as the R ecosystem
12 Things that Matter from OpenAI Dev Day - Including 2M Developers and Personal Bots
If you have to give one piece of advice to HR/hiring managers, what would it be?
OpenAI CEO: We're happy if Microsoft makes a sale, and they're happy if we make a sale
AI startup Vectara's Hallucination Evaluation Model: OpenAI's LLMs had the lowest hallucination rates, followed by Meta's; Google's PaLM-Chat had the highest (Cade Metz/New York Times)
My First Week of the #30DayMapChallange
OpenAI Unveils GPT-4 Turbo: A Customizable Leap Forward Towards The Future of Artificial Intelligence
Beijing prepares for imminent rise of humanoid robots
WhatsApp AI happily added guns to chat stickers of Palestinians, but not Israelis
Google's E3 TTS Provides Effortless Approach to High-Quality Audio Synthesis Through Diffusion Models
Billionaire Flipkart Founder Ready to Launch Stealth AI Startup
Recreating Andrej Karpathy's Weekend Project   a Movie Search Engine
Google contractors who helped train the Bard AI chatbot vote to unionize
Why this autonomous vehicle veteran joined a legged robotics startup
Meta reportedly won't make its AI advertising tools available to political marketers
How AI Doomers Could Push a Nation Like the Philippines Into the Deadly Grip of Regulatory Capture
Cruise Robotaxis Require Remote Human Assistance Every 4 to 5 Miles
Australia 'at the back of the pack' in regulating AI, experts warn
Top 10 Open-Source Must-Have Tools for Crafting Your Own Chatbot
Endpoint security getting a boost from AI and machine learning
Print Debugging (Now with Icecream!)
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman shrugs off Elon Musk in AI arms race
A look at OpenAI's custom GPT builder, which Sam Altman says the company wants to keep simple for now, and the risks in allowing anyone to create GPT agents (Casey Newton/Platformer)
AI is More Hurtful than Helpful for Cybersecurity
Latent Space: Visualizing, interpreting, and manipulating neural networks
How is Angular Not Dead Yet?
[R] Interpreting CLIP's Image Representation via Text-Based Decomposition
xAI Announces PromptIDE for Prompt Engineering with Grok
OpenAI Silently Unveils Whisper 3, A New Generation Open Source ASR Model
What's new in OpenAI - Announcements at Nov'2023 DevDay
OpenAI API   Intro & 11 Practical Implementation Examples of the Models Behind ChatGPT
ospeak: a CLI tool for speaking text in the terminal via OpenAI
Final Cut Pro uses Apple's latest chips to improve face and object tracking
[D] Reverse engineering GPT-vision from pricing
OpenAI Raises Diwali Spirit at DevDay 2023
OpenAI launches custom versions of ChatGPT that it calls GPTs
MITRE & Microsoft collaborate to Address Generative AI Security Risks
Elon Musk's Brain Implant Startup Is About to Start Cutting
GM halts production of Cruise Origin robotaxi amid suspended operations
Evolutionary Algorithm   Mutations Explained
What's Bubbling With Underwater Data Centres?
Everything announced at OpenAI's first developer event
How WasmGC Will Change the Developer Experience
Microsoft will let Xbox game makers use AI tools for story design and NPCs
Hobbi project - Face Occlusion Detector
Wonderin Resume AI
That's why OpenAI owns the kingdom of AI
Guide to ChatGPT's Advanced Settings   Top P, Frequency Penalties, Temperature, and More
Nine Minds unveils Revolutionary AI-Driven Solution to MSP Industry
The History of Open-Source LLMs: Early Days (Part One)
China AI Chipmaker Moore Threads Cuts Jobs After US Blacklisting
13 HTML Attributes You Should Know About
Large Language Models, ALBERT   A Lite BERT for Self-supervised Learning
VMware Explore Barcelona 2023: Enhanced Private AI and Sovereign Cloud Services Announced
OpenAI sees a future of AI 'superpowers on demand'
Things are going from bad to worse for Cruise's robotaxis
How Apache Arrow speeds big data processing
Learn How to Build AI-Powered Software With This Bundle. Now at $30 Through 11/9
Almost an Agent: What GPTs can do
[P] Residual-free, purely-feedforward network trains to 94% on CIFAR10 in <6.3 seconds on a single A100
Adobe Stock is Selling AI-Generated Images of the Israel-Hamas Conflict
OpenAI Celebrates Diwali with Coca-Cola at DevDay 2023
You can build and monetize your own ChatGPT with OpenAI's new platform
YouTube is testing a chatbot that will appear under select videos
Microsoft says it wants to use AI responsibly, but MSN.com tells a different story
Andreessen Horowitz is not at all 'techno-optimistic' about this particular AI scenario
OpenAI lets users build a custom ChatGPT
Grandma's house, my childhood
Opinion: The rapidly evolving state of Generative AI
OpenAI introduces GPT-4 Turbo, platform enhancements, and reduced pricing
Finding the path toward success as organizations bring AI into the workplace
After Big Tech cut thousands of trust and safety staff, Sero AI and other startups now offer the services for a fee, which experts say may not be as effective (Vittoria Elliott/Wired)
Now Everyone is an App Developer, Thanks to OpenAI
Fake Bollywood video highlights AI worries in India
Generative AI Brings a 'World-View' to Structured Data
Q&A: ServiceNow CIO sees an 'iPhone moment' for genAI
Inside COSP and USP: Google Research New Methods to Advance Reasoning in LLMs
Utilizing generative adversarial networks for stable structure generation in Angry Birds
Oxa and eVersum are bringing self-driving shuttles to Belfast
OpenAI's 128k Context Window Threatens Anthropic and Others
Data in AI: Unveiling the Power of Information
The Future of Data Science is No-Code: Here's Why
AI is nice you said? Look what happened at my OpenFest talk.
From cocaine-recipe requests to 'a never-ending orgy,' here's how things are going for Elon Musk's rebellious chatbot, Grok
OpenAI Assistants API
Edge 341: What is Prompt-Tuning?
Mojo - A New Programming Language for AI
Sources: Baidu ordered AI chips from Huawei in 2023, in a shift from Nvidia; a source says Baidu ordered 1,600 910B Ascend chips, worth ~$62M, for 200 servers (Reuters)
Business of AI Report 2023
Top 5 Generative AI Use Cases in Business
Why Sunak's 'vanity jamboree' on AI safety was actually . a success
ChatGPT knowledge cutoff will no longer a be big problem
Popsocket lets people design their cases with AI
Penguin Solutions to showcase Expertise in AI and HPC at SC23
OpenAI Will Defend Customers From Copyright Claims
Microsoft partners with VCs to give startups free AI chip access
OpenAI wants to make its customers less jittery about being hit by copyright lawsuits by offering to pay their legal costs
5 Ways You Can Use ChatGPT Vision for Data Analysis
AI bots can do the grunt work of filling out job applications for you
Integration.app uses LLMs to connect apps and services together
Now, why should we care about Recommendation Systems.? ft. A soft introduction to Thompson Sampling
Toward developing faster algorithms for minimizing submodular functions
Microsoft to use Oracle's OCI Supercluster for Bing conversational searches
Cast AI, which helps companies optimize cloud spend, lands $35M
This AI Paper Unveils DiffEnc: Advancing Diffusion Models for Enhanced Generative Performance
Robots Get a 'Gripping' Upgrade: AO-Grasp Teaches Bots the Art of Not Dropping Your Stuff!
Video: Exploring Speech AI from Research to Practical Production Applications
ReturnGO, with $5M more, now powers product returns for Amazon Multi-Channel Fulfillment
Leveraging LLMs to Complete Recommendation Knowledge Graphs
Presentation: Declarative Machine Learning: A Flexible, Modular and Scalable Approach for Building Production ML Models
Google researchers deal a major blow to the theory AI is about to outsmart humans
Waze gets a new safety feature that warns you if a road has a history of crashes
OpenAI's 'Extinction Event' For Other AI Startups
[Discussion] Going from PoC to Production-ready AI data infra?
What the pitch deck from Adaptive, a new AI startup raising at a $100m valuation, tells us
Facebook bans political campaigns from using its new AI-powered ad tools
Build a Rest API with Go: Data Analytics for Time Series
HitPaw Photo Enhancer Review: The Best AI Photo Enhancer?
Implementing a Transformer Encoder from Scratch with JAX and Haiku
Elon Musk announces Grok AI assistant, a ChatGPT rival
Shein Hires TikTok's Top U.S. Logistics Exec
Austin-based Black Ore, which builds AI tools for the financial services industry, emerges from stealth with a $60M combined Seed and Series A led by a16z (Paayal Zaveri/Bloomberg)
X is reportedly considering a Tulsi Gabbard show
University of Surrey Researchers Developed a new Artificial Intelligence (AI) Model that Could Help the Telecommunications Network Save up to 76% in Network
How Google's AI Bard helped me fix a Gmail technical problem
Demystifying Time Series Outliers: 1/4
Google contractors objected to reading obscene Bard prompts   now they're unionizing
Twitter Sentiment Analysis in Python   Sklearn | Natural Language Processing
Bletchley declaration: international agreement on AI safety is a good start, but ordinary people need a say   not just elites
How Europe is racing to resolve its AI sovereignty woes
Barack Obama on AI, free speech, and the future of the internet
Automatically determine video sections with AI using Python
Between Dreams and Reality: Generative Text and Hallucinations
This AI newsletter is all you need #72
Fabric introduces an AI-powered workspace and home for all your information
A look at Neuralink after FDA trial approval: huge media coverage compared to rivals and worries over hype, but its tech is exciting and potentially miraculous (Ashlee Vance/Bloomberg)
An analysis of OpenAI's DevDay keynote: impressive live demos, the shift from plugins toward GPTs, Microsoft's role in making GPT-4 Turbo cheaper, and more (Ben Thompson/Stratechery)
Data Engineering For Beginners: A Step-By-Step Guide
Figma sweetens FigJam whiteboard tool with new AI features
The choice for businesses between open source and proprietary models to deploy Generative AI
Elon Musk's New Chatbot Is Astoundingly Vulgar
The Second Electrical Revolution: How AmberSemi is Digitizing the Physics of Electricity, and Why It Matters
OpenAI CEO sees uphill struggle to GPT-5, potential for new kind of consumer hardware
GLM-130B: An Open Bilingual Pre-Trained Model
Andreessen Horowitz Leads $60 Million AI Fintech Investment
MySpace Co-Founder DeWolfe's New Firm Uses AI to Create Videos
Fund Manager Who Won Big on Nvidia Sees More Gains Ahead
LoRA   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
ChatGPT is no longer as clueless about recent events
PopSockets unveils a photo case and accessory designer, powered by AI
GPT-4 Cheat Sheet: What Is GPT-4, and What Is it Capable Of?
May Mobility rides the AV wave while Cruise and Waymo feel the heat
Nvidia's EmerNeRF to make self-driving cars safer
Study shows languages with more speakers tend to be harder for machines to learn
Did you notice a loss of touch with reality from your college teachers? (w.r.t. modern practices, or what's actually done in the real world)
SDV: A Generative Model for Creating Synthetic Data
Python Multithreading: Benefits, Use Cases, and Comparison
How Daily Dev Built an AI Search Using an LLM Gateway
CHART OF THE DAY: Tech stocks are at record highs versus the S&P 500, eclipsing the dot-com bubble's peak
Whiteboarding platform FigJam gets new AI-powered capabilities
Thousands of people are reportedly lining up to have a portion of their skull removed and one of Elon Musk's brain chips implanted
Figma introduces FigJam AI to spare designers from boring planning prep
American AI Startups Raise Money From Top Chinese VC Firms, Including Sequoia Capital China
ChatGPT subscribers can soon build their own custom chatbots - no coding required
3D Geospatial Data Integration with Python: The Ultimate Guide
Tool detects AI-generated text in science journals
Why Enterprises Should Run, Not Walk, to Combine AI & AR
Custom GPTs Are Here and Will Impact Everything AI
Quantexa launches New Asia Pacific Headquarters in Singapore
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 30/10 to 5/11
AV Startup May Mobility Locks Up Another $100M From NTT, Toyota
FigJam AI by Figma
AI-generated faces look just like real ones   but evidence shows your brain can tell the difference
How to Make the Most of Duet AI in Google Docs
To Gain Access to Musk's xAI (ChatGPT competitor) you need sign in with a Verified X account. No thank you.
Studios Keep Actors' Strike Going by Pushing a Truly Horrifying AI Deal
Revolutionize Nonprofit Fundraising With AI-Powered Predictive Analytics
OpenAI DevDay: 3 new tools to build LLM-powered apps
Implementing advanced RAG strategies with Neo4j
Crafting an AI Policy That Safeguards Data Without Stifling Productivity
Config-file-validator v1.5.0 Released!
Google Promises Its Christmas Game Doesn't Use Kids to Train AI
Humans vs. robots: Study compares 27 humanoid robots with humans to see who is superior
5 Key Updates in GPT-4 Turbo, OpenAI's Newest Model
YouTube's AI Chatbot Reads the Comments for You
RoboCoder
Microsoft releases DeepSpeed-FastGen for High-Throughput Text Generation
Unemployed Man Uses AI to Apply for 5,000 Jobs, Gets 20 Interviews
Introduction to Giskard: Open-Source Quality Management for AI Models
Google Photos Won't Let You Use Magic Editor to Make a Fake ID
Introduction to Uncertainty in Machine Learning Models: Concepts and Methods - part 1
'ChatGPT Detector' Catches AI-Generated Papers with Unprecedented Accuracy
Sam Altman's Hidden Message at OpenAI DevDay Keynote
The AI gender gap: Why women are more skeptical about AI than men
Cloud spend skyrocketing? Meet the AI startup that's slashing these costs in half
Sam Altman Says What OpenAI's Secretly Working on Will Make Today's AI Seem  Quaint
'It became me': Studies show that revolutionary new brain chips may bend your mind in strange and troubling ways
Hollywood studios reportedly want to recycle dead actors' AI likenesses without family permission
Cruise admits its driverless robo-taxis need a human at the remote-control wheel
How AI Can Cause a Financial Crisis
YOLO-NAS-Pose just released
Adobe Is Selling Fake AI-Generated Images of Violence in Gaza and Israel
Random Forests in 2023: Modern Extensions of a Powerful Method
YouTube Tests Generative AI Chatbot and Comment Summaries
Machine learning gives users 'superhuman' ability to open and control tools in virtual reality
xAI's PromptIDE aims to create a community for sharing and collaborating on AI prompts
The Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub previews for YC startups a new Nvidia GPU cluster option for AI in Azure and aims to expand access to startups in M12 (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Reasoning behind automated tests
Food production is accelerating the climate crisis, but AI and other emerging technologies could turn things around
AI poised to seriously ramp up DevOps and other forms of collaboration
AI gold rush continues as Aleph Alpha scores more than half a billion dollars
Unlock Data Science Potential with Your Laptop
Researchers warn we could run out of data to train AI by 2026. What then?
OpenAI Holds First Developer Conference: What It Means For Consumer Digital Experiences
Alternating updates for efficient transformers
The first AI nation? A ship with 10,000 Nvidia H100 GPUs worth $500 million could become the first ever sovereign territory that relies entirely on artificial intelligence for its future | TechRadar
The Insidious Way Artists Can Thwart AI Training on Their Art
YouTube Premium subscribers get first dibs on AI features for a smarter viewing experience
Getting Started with Large Language Models for Enterprise Solutions
IBM debuts a $500M enterprise AI venture fund, to invest in startups across stages, with no set target of annual investments or capital deployment timeline (Kia Kokalitcheva/Axios)
Smaller Companies: Microsoft 'Misled' Us on 365 Copilot Access
This AI Paper Has Moves: How Language Models Groove into Offline Reinforcement Learning with 'LaMo' Dance Steps and Few-Shot Learning
How to make your LLMs lighter with GPTQ quantization
TOP 10 insideBIGDATA Articles for October 2023
Meta will start requiring disclosures for political ads manipulated with AI
Meta to require political advertisers disclose AI-generated content
The Morning After: Hollywood studios wanted to use AI-generated likenesses of dead actors without permission
Introduction to Streaming Frameworks
Meta to Require Disclosure for Political Ads Using AI
Meta taps Hugging Face for startup accelerator to spur adoption of open source AI models
Avoiding Data Overfitting In Machine Learning Models
Samsung unveils Gauss, its generative AI model
Accelerating NetworkX on NVIDIA GPUs for High Performance Graph Analytics
Dynatrace launches New Kubernetes Experience for Platform Engineers
Linda Yaccarino shows support for Elon Musk's AI chatbot with a cringe post about using it to explain the 'birds and the bees'
Creating a resume builder with NextJS, Trigger.dev and GPT4
Reckoning with the Shoggoth of AI
How to Style Plots with Matplotlib
Researchers from China Introduce ControlLLM: An Artificial Intelligence Framework that Enables Large Language Models (LLMs) to Utilize Multi-Modal Tools for Solving Complex Real-World Task
For Hollywood, AI is a threat. For indie filmmakers, it's a lifeline
The Robots Are Still Rising, Albeit With Less Funding
Putting Your Forecasting Model to the Test: A Guide to Backtesting
This AI Research Introduces Two Diffusion Models for High-Quality Video Generation: Text-to-Video (T2V) and Image-to-Video (I2V) Models
Can this Chinese AI Model Surpass ChatGPT and Claude2? Meet the Baichuan2-192k Model Unveiled by this Chinese startup 'Baichuan Intelligent' with the Longest Context Model
Nokia's Head of Trend Scouting: AI, XR and the Future of the Metaverse
Public AI Training Datasets Are Rife With Licensing Errors
Google introduced a new crash alert feature on Waze which uses AI to warn drivers about roads prone to accidents
Meta will mark political and social ads altered by AI starting next year
IBM has a $500m fund for B2B generative AI start-ups
Microsoft and Oracle sign a multi-year deal to  support the explosive growth of AI services , meaning Microsoft can access Oracle's Nvidia A100s and H100 GPUs (Tobias Mann/The Register)
Meta's new way to handle AI-generated political ads basically relies on the honor system. Which will definitely work.
This AI Research Introduces Breakthrough Methods for Tailoring Language Models to Chip Design
Samsung Announces Gauss, On Device Generative AI
Code-generating AI platform Tabnine nabs $25M investment
They found a new NeRF technique to turn videos into controllable 3D models
The New Ethical Implications of Generative Artificial Intelligence
Diablo players can't get rid of problems
How I'm Using ChatGPT and AI to Make Money Online
Neuralink's human trials are accelerating
Amazon tracking: How to follow your package through every step in the shipping process and view or hide recent orders
Gaslighting ChatGPT makes it work better (and more discoveries this week)
IBM launched $500 Million Enterprise AI Venture Fund
The Sequence Chat: Nathan Benaich, Air Street Capital About Investing in Generative AI
cosmictrip.space updated with DALL-E 3: space and sci-fi images generated by prompts written by GPT-4
How we used Neural network, Replicate.com, and WebGL to generate photorealistic 3D avatars for the GitNation portal's users
RAPIDS cuDF Accelerates pandas Nearly 150x with Zero Code Changes
Sources: Sequoia Capital China, ZhenFund, and other big Chinese VCs have quietly invested in US AI startups in the past year, undeterred by US security concerns (Juro Osawa/The Information)
Samsung unveils ChatGPT alternative Samsung Gauss that can generate text, code and images
Unleashing the Power of GPT: Advanced Data Analysis
Meta and Microsoft move to protect elections from AI
Airbnb to Debut 'Guest Favorite' Listings, AI Tools in Reliability Push
Veritone appoints Michael Zilis to its Board of Directors
LatentView's LASER Focus GenAI for Business Breakthroughs
KDnuggets News, November 8: 5 Simple Steps to Master Python, SQL, Scikit-learn, PyTorch & Google Cloud   SQL for Data Visualization
German satellite will use AI to detect anomalies on asteroids and planets
Wadhwani AI Introduces Krishi 24/7 for AI-Powered Agricultural News Monitoring
Elon Musk's plan to implant chips into people's brains is eerily similar to a 2015 British spy movie featuring an eccentric billionaire played by Samuel L. Jackson
Microsoft offers politicians protection against deepfakes
Get a Lifetime of Unique AI Image Generation for Only $20 Through 11/9
Airbnb leans on reviews to make listings more reliable as it tests review summaries using GenAI
Cybersecurity Lakehouses Part 2: Handling Ingestion Delays
Samsung Tests AI ChatBot That May Wind Up in Its Smartphones
Ozone raises $7.1M to scale its AI-powered collaborative video editor in the cloud
Meta plans to require advertisers to disclose running political ads with media altered by AI or other software, starting in early 2024, ahead of the US election (Salvador Rodriguez/Wall Street Journal)
It's never been this easy to build a $1 billion AI company
Cruise is recalling 950 driverless cars after one of its vehicles ran over a pedestrian
Google wants to help you create new smart home automations with AI-generated scripts
Dublin's iCabbi gets Google tech to boost customer fleets
Meta to Require Political Advertisers to Disclose Use of A.I.
AI Pose Detection in Real-Time
Amazon is reportedly racing to build an AI model called Olympus to take on ChatGPT and Bard
China, US, UK Sign Historic Declaration, Alibaba's LLM Leap, AI Alignment Insights, and Kai-Fu Lee's Unicorn
Cruise recalls all 950 of its autonomous cars to update their software after one dragged a pedestrian to the side of a San Francisco street in early October (Tom Krisher/Associated Press)
OpenAI reports a ChatGPT and API  major outage , ongoing since 6AM PT, and plans a fix; users were greeted with a  ChatGPT is at capacity right now  message (Tom Warren/The Verge)
OpenAI takes 'baby step' toward AI agents with Assistants API
Samsung Introduces 'Gauss': A New AI-Language Model to Challenge the ChatGPT Reign
Spark, Dask, DuckDB, Polars: TPC-H Benchmarks at Scale
Samsung's ChatGPT Rival Could Come to the Galaxy S24
Amazon is building a LLM to rival OpenAI and Google
What OpenAI's latest announcements mean for enterprise businesses
Density Kernel Depth for Outlier Detection in Functional Data
An intuitive introduction to text embeddings
Function Calling and Code Interpretation with OpenAI's Assistant API: A Quick and Simple Tutorial
Wix Launches Generative AI Chatbot for Website Building
Train Stylized Portraits on Novita.AI
Breaking: OpenAI API and ChatGPT Experiencing 'Major Outage'
Does an OpenAi outage have an impact on your workflow?
Bridging the expectation-reality gap in machine learning
Breaking: OpenAI seems to be down, according to Downdetector
ChatGPT is currently down in a 'major' OpenAI outage
Samsung Gauss generative AI unveiled with impressive features
ChatGPT is down after a major OpenAI outage
Cruise Recalls Robotaxis Following a Dragging of Pedestrian
Google AI Introduces MetNet-3: Revolutionizing Weather Forecasting with Comprehensive Neural Network Models
Samsung's Gauss is the generative AI that nobody asked for
Introducing Our New Punctuation Restoration and Truecasing Models
Amazon's 'Olympus' Model Faces Steep Odds; Nvidia Crushes Google in AI Chip Test
SPADE: Automatically Digging up Evals based on Prompt Refinements
Is Microsoft's Copilot really worth $30/month?
Master the Essentials: Big Data Engineering for Machine Learning
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 30/10 to 5/11
Interpreting Loan Predictions with TrustyAI: Part 3
Understanding Predictive Maintenance   Data Acquisition and Signal Denoising
GM to update Cruise software so self-driving cars stop if a pedestrian is pinned underneath
How to Use Duet AI to Create Images for Slides & Backgrounds
'Major outage' hits ChatGPT, OpenAI APIs   and Claude, too
Building an AI-Powered Content Moderation System with JavaScript: A Quick Guide
How To Build AI Chatbots Using React JS in Minutes
Google AI Researchers Found Something Their Bosses Might Not Be Happy About
Brave Introduces Leo: An Artificial Intelligence Assistant that can Help with All Sorts of Tasks Including Real-Time Summaries of Webpages or Videos
VMware collaborates with Intel to Unlock Private AI Everywhere
GitHub CEO Thomas Dohmke says Copilot has  growing positive margins  (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
NLP Rise with Transformer Models | A Comprehensive Analysis of T5, BERT, and GPT
[P] An idea
Sumo Logic urges customers to reset API keys following security breach
Computer vision to digitize MSK rehabilitation
Elon Musk's brain-chip startup is preparing to implant the device in its first human. Here's how to apply.
India Becomes a Global AI Powerhouse with 13.2 Million Developers on GitHub
A new perspective on Petri net learning
Anthropic will use Google's Cloud TPU v5e chips to help power its LLM Claude; sources: Anthropic agreed to spend $3B+ on Google's cloud services over four years (Bloomberg)
Microsoft reportedly plans to bring its AI-powered Copilot to Windows 10
Who will write the rules for AI? How nations are racing to regulate artificial intelligence
Stability AI's New Upcoming Tool Uses AI to Generate 3D Models
Google's AI-empowered search feature goes global with expansion to 120 countries
Sources: Microsoft plans to add Windows Copilot to Windows 10 in an update coming soon, after adding the AI assistant to Windows 11 in September (Zac Bowden/Windows Central)
Microsoft reveals plans to protect elections from deepfakes and other misinformation
Japanese scientist conquers the board game Othello
Apple's second-gen AirPods are nearly half off for Black Friday
Hollywood's Desire to Use Dead Actors' AI Likenesses Hits a Roadblock
Google is bringing its AI-powered search to more than 120 new countries and territories
Short ideas AI and music
Does your business need a chief AI officer?
AI-generated faces look just like real ones, but evidence shows your brain can tell the difference
Peter Jackson Threatens to Release Even More AI Beatles Songs
How I got my job as Twitch streamer Kai Cenat's assistant thanks to an Instagram DM &mdash; and a zebra
10 Essential Topics to Master LLMs and Generative AI
OpenAI unveils 16 custom ChatGPT bots to help you with specific tasks
ChatGPT is an emerging AGI according to Google Deepmind
Samsung Gauss is a Generative AI That Will Live in its Next Smartphone
Samsung has a large language model too, and it's called Gauss
AI Startup Anthropic to Use Google Chips in Expanded Partnership
Google's AI-powered search experience expands globally to 120+ countries and territories
WTF Recap: Generative AI The Secret Weapon for a Hybrid Workforce
Will AI hurt or help workers? It's complicated
GM recalls nearly 1,000 Cruise robotaxis after pedestrian collision
6 ways business leaders are exploring generative AI at work
New technology uses AI and virtual reality to monitor safety of bridges and buildings
10 Major AI Updates at GitHub Universe 2023
Nokia's Head of Trends Scouting on AI, XR and the Metaverse
Samsung jumps on the generative AI bandwagon with Gauss
Co-performing music through voice and gestures: New app enables interactive music performances
ChatGPT Is Back Up After Major Outage
Google expands its Search Generative Experience to 120+ new countries and territories and adds Spanish, Portuguese, Korean, and Indonesian language support (Jay Peters/The Verge)
Regression, Personalisation, and the Kaggle Syndrome
5 essential traits that tomorrow's AI leader must have
File Upload with Progress Bar HTML CSS & JavaScript
Whole Human Brain Neuro-Mapping at Cellular Resolution on NVIDIA DGX
Generative AI's 'revolution in productivity' is retrenching software developer roles
Transformers can generate NFL plays : introducing QB-GPT
Hugging Face has a two-person team developing ChatGPT-like AI models
New Capital One and Forrester Study Reveals Key Challenges Of Democratizing Machine Learning
Fakespot Chat, Mozilla's first LLM, lets online shoppers research products via an AI chatbot
James Evans, Founder & CEO of CommandBar   Interview Series
GitHub Copilot Chat is coming to GitHub
OpenAI's Altman says today's AI will be  quaint  by 2024, in line with first GPT-5 rumor
The US and 30 Other Nations Agree to Set Guardrails for Military AI
NatWest Banks on IBM AI for Smarter Customer Chats
Meta Will Require Political Advertisers to Disclose AI-Generated Content
OpenAI CEO says custom GPTs delayed due to heavier-than-expected usage
Custom GPTs Store
Openchat Installation
Despliega tu Asistente de IA Generativa en AWS
OpenAI says it's grappling with  abnormal traffic  and has spotted signs of a DDoS attack resulting in periodic outages of its services (Bloomberg)
India gives social media platforms 36 hours to remove deepfakes
US Won't Lose Its AI Lead to China Anytime Soon, Inflection AI CEO Says
21st century Total Wars will enlist technologies in ways we don't yet understand, researcher says
Runner up, Google
It's Time to define Levels of Autonomy for Digital Workers & AI Agents similar to Self-Driving Vehicles: IDWA kicks off the Process
Hugging Face Researchers Introduce Distil-Whisper: A Compact Speech Recognition Model Bridging the Gap in High-Performance, Low-Resource Environments
Samsung Research Reveals Generative AI Samsung Gauss
Exclusive leak: all the details about Humane's AI Pin, which costs $699 and has OpenAI integration
Pharmspective launches AccessAI  Market Access AI platform
Hollywood actors' strike ends with deal to 'protect members from the threat of AI'
Hollywood Actors Strike Ends With a Deal That Will Impact AI and Streaming for Decades
Adobe is selling AI-generated images of the Israel-Hamas war, and some websites are using them without marking that they're fake
OpenAI's Altman says today's AI will be  quaint  by next year, talks GPT-5
04-x
FTC interrupts Copyright Office probe to flip out over potential AI fraud, abuse
ChatGPT is Down Due to DDoS Attack
OpenAI Suggests Cyber-Attackers Behind Persistent ChatGPT Outage
UK Sees Fully Self-Driving Cars Hitting Its Roads Around 2026
Samsung announces Galaxy AI, a  comprehensive mobile AI experience  that includes a translation feature called AI Live Translate Call, coming  early next year  (Jay Peters/The Verge)
AI Product Discovery by Zeda.io
Sandworm Cyberattackers Down Ukrainian Power Grid During Missile Strikes
Samsung teases its own AI-based real-time phone call translation
The Tiger's Tale: Genpact's Impactful Epoch
Pandas on GPU Runs 150x Faster, Nvidia Says
Citadel's Griffin, Business Leaders Say AI to Change Economies
Adobe sells fake AI-generated Israel-Hamas war images   then the news published them
Supercharge Your Testing Workflow: Creating Unit and E2E Tests 10x Faster with ChatGPT-3 Inside NestJS
Introducing Cercle   AI Bridging the Gap in Women's Healthcare
AI Will Cut Cost of Animated Films by 90%, Jeff Katzenberg Says
New DeepMind Work Unveils Supreme Prompt Seeds for Language Models
Genpact Announces BK Kalra as the New CEO
Robot mistakes man for box of peppers, kills him
Amazon Researchers Introduce Fortuna: An AI Library for Uncertainty Quantification in Deep Learning
A $699, screen-free smartphone that projects a green laser onto your hand is about to hit the market: report
OpenAI launches a GPT Store for customized AI chatbots
Back to the Basics: Probit Regression
[R] Levels of AGI: Operationalizing Progress on the Path to AGI - DeepMind 2023
Ritual, which is building a network for decentralized AI models, emerges from stealth with a $25M seed led by Archetype, and plans to launch in early 2024 (Bessie Liu/Blockworks)
This AI Research Introduces PERF: The Panoramic NeRF Transforming Single Images into Explorable 3D Scenes
The world's largest aircraft breaks cover in Silicon Valley
Phind's New AI Model Outperforms GPT-4 at Coding, with GPT-3.5-like Speed and 16k Context
OhMyGoat - AI based Soccer picks
Humane's Ai Pin will reportedly cost $699
Grimes tells AI crowd she disagrees with their philosophy &mdash; then DJs the party
AI-Generated False Claims Rattle Big Four Consulting Firms
ChatGPT Had Multiple Service Outages Today. Anthropic is Down Now. What's Going On?
Data Tells Us  What  and We Always Seek for  Why
AI Researchers Improve LLM-Based Reasoning by Mimicking Learning From Mistakes
Mojo SDK Is Available
How we think about Data Pipelines is changing
SynthSearcher AI
Meet CodeGPT: A New Code Generation Tool Making Waves in the AI Community
40+ Cool AI Tools You Should Check Out (November 2023)
Docs: Humane's $699 Ai Pin will have a $24/month subscription including a phone number, cell data, cloud storage, and access to Microsoft and OpenAI AI models (David Pierce/The Verge)
Google Gives ChatGPT Competitor a Boost
Coffee Chat AI
Explained: Generative AI
Andrew Ng Launches New Free Course on Vector Database for LLMs
5 Best Sketch to Image AI Rendering Tools
Core42 and Cerebras Sets New Benchmark for Arabic Large Language Models with the Release of Jais 30B
Face AI Stickers
Google Generative AI Search Now Available in 120 countries and 4 New Languages
Career advice
University of Cambridge Researchers Introduce a Dataset of 50,000 Synthetic and Photorealistic Foot Images along with a Novel AI Library for Foot
ChatGPT maker OpenAI suffers outages in suspected DDoS attack
OpenAI Makes LangChain's Life Miserable
Generate music from chord progressions and text prompts with MusicGen-Chord
Don't Build AI Products The Way Everyone Else Is Doing It
Game developers, voice actors, writers, and others criticize Inworld AI and Xbox partnering to create AI game development tools, after layoffs in the industry (Kate Irwin/Decrypt)
Cyber attacks may be the source of ChatGPT outages
Auto generate favicons and inject into HTML with Webpack
Problem
Solution
How to Finetune Mistral AI 7B LLM with Hugging Face AutoTrain
OpenAI's gen AI updates threaten the survival of many open source firms
Nvidia to Release Three New AI Chips for China, Report Says
Start with Large Language Models (LLMs) in 2023
Techniques for Using LLMs to Improve SQL Queries
There's something going on with AI startups in France
The Inflation of AI: Is More Always Better?
It's Time for Streaming Architectures for Every Use Case
AI + No-Code: The Viral Combo Redefining Developer Innovation
GitHub Transforms Software Development with AI
Bad Bunny rants to fans over a viral AI-generated TikTok song that mimicked his voice: 'You don't deserve to be my friends'
Future of AI Development: CodiumAI's VSCode extension
AI Startups Raising Money From China Are Taking a Risk; Why a New OpenAI Product Costs $2 Million; Anthropic's Lucrative Love Triangle
Imagination Technologies has a new GPU architecture with DirectX 11 support
AI: Which rules do the top tech moguls want?
Cybersecurity Sector Leads For New Unicorns In October, With Zero From Silicon Valley
Sutro introduces AI-powered app creation with no coding required
GPTs for everything, Google Maps gets Immersive, Netflix's QR codes
Picsart Challenges Canva with Ignite, a Suite of AI-Powered Tools
Elucid raises $80 Mn Series C Led by Elevage Medical Technologies
Unlocking the future of AI: OpenAI's game-changing developer conference
Like horses laid off by the car: BT tech chief's AI job losses analogy draws anger
AI startup Anthropic to use Google chips in expanded partnership
Nvidia's New China AI Chips Circumvent US Restrictions | H20 Faster Than H100 | Huawei Ascend 910B
DDoS attack hits ChatGPT and OpenAI's API
With the power of AI, you can be mediocre, too
A machine learning based tool to model phase-change memory materials
Harish Sivaramakrishnan: The Creative Pulse of CRED
How to turbocharge your productivity with a GenAI assistant
JPMorgan is Working With US Regulators on Generative AI Pilot Projects
The Morning After: Samsung made its own generative AI model
Exposing the Power of Cloudera Machine Learning: A Hands-On Guide
Text Summarization for NLP: 5 Best APIs, AI Models, and AI Summarizers in 2024
Feeling disillusioned at work as a DS in banking with ridiculous amounts of approvals and regulations and slow pace of work
Does this mean Github Copilot now uses 128k context?
Eleos Health raises $40M Series B round
Forthcoming machine learning and AI seminars: November 2023 edition
AI-generated images from Israel-Hamas conflict sold on Adobe Stock, used by news outlets
Top 8 Generative AI Jobs in India
CtrlS Datacenters to Expand into Uttarakhand
Nvidia announces January event after rumors of an RTX 4080 Super launch
Chinese state-affiliated outlet Chinastarmarket says Nvidia plans to release three new H100-based AI chips in the country in the coming days, after US sanctions (Debby Wu/Bloomberg)
Humane's Uber-Expensive  AI Pin  Sounds Like a Total Disaster
Picsart launches a suite of AI-powered tools that let you generate videos, backgrounds, GIFs and more
Criando Ambientes Virtuais com Venv
Generative AI explained
RTX 4000 Super graphics cards incoming? Nvidia confirms Special Address at CES on January 8
ChatGPT Blames Outages on DDoS Hackers, GPT Rollout Stalled
Cohere Unveils Advanced Embedding Model Embed v3
What's it like working as a research scientist in the deep learning space?
Those childhood days that I can't get back
A new model detects deepfakes without needing any examples
Take the Next Step to Expand Your Data Science Skill Set
Microsoft's Copilot AI could soon come to Windows 10
2023 ML Pulse Report: The Latest Trends and Challenges in Machine Learning
Core42 Launches Arabic Large Language Model Jais 30B to push Demographic-Specific Models
Why the Human Brain Perceives Small Numbers Better
Edge 342: Who's Happy Potter? Inside One of the Most Fascinating Papers Published This Year
Brokers, hedge funds, and advisers push back hard on proposed SEC rules on using AI for financial advice, with comments coming well past the October 10 deadline (Jennifer Hughes/Financial Times)
The GDPR's new ally
It's up to you to create a personal, much smarter AI
Best 6 Python IDEs: Made For Python Only.
XSOLIS named on the 2023 Deloitte Technology Fast 500
Google's Search Generative Experience expands to 120 new countries and four new languages
Structuring Your Cloud Instances' Startup Scripts
GitLab expands its AI lineup with Duo Chat
Google adds generative AI features to its Performance Max ad platform, rolling out first as a beta to all US advertisers by the end of the year (Matt G. Southern/Search Engine Journal)
Humane Ai Pin
Watch out: Generative AI will level up cyber attacks, according to new Google report
Using Polars Plugins for a 14x Speed Boost with Rust
OpenAI Seeks to Gather Data From More Languages and Cultures
Nvidia to release three new AI chips for China after US restrictions   report
SALMONN, The First AI Model that Hears As Humans Do
Future-Proofing Our Interns: Cultivating the Next Generation Amidst AI's Corporate March
Honeybee behavior as a model for decision-making in a kilobot swarm
Red Pajama 2: The Public Dataset With a Whopping 30 Trillion Tokens
Sorting out recycling from trash is the perfect example of a job few people want to do that AI is better than humans at
Humane's Ai Pin costs $699 and ships in early 2024, which is about all we know for certain
Docker at the Edge: How Machine Learning Transformed Fowl Task
AMD pulls back on drivers for aging-but-popular graphics cards and iGPUs
Obamacare Call Center Staff Strike Over Steep Health Care Costs and Scarce Bathroom Breaks
AI assistive tools able to do some or all of these tasks to help with some of the ongoing issues symptomatic of ADHD. anxiety, depression etc?
How to use AI for discovery without leading science astray
Introduction to Uncertainty in Machine Learning Models: Aleatoric Uncertainty with TensorFlow Probability - part 2
Meta Most Likely to Launch Llama 3 Early Next Year
OpenAI Unveils Data Partnerships Program to Propel AGI Ambitions
New AI noise-canceling headphone technology lets wearers pick which sounds they hear
ChatGPT is powering a new kind of Snapchat lens
OpenAI's Developer Event Sparks Excitement and Fear in AI World
Creative campaign shows strong AI bias in Midjourney
The Walrus Operator
Google's Performance Max gets new AI tools to help automate ad creation even further
Snap's latest version of its AR development tool includes a ChatGPT API, boosted productivity and more
Nvidia develops three new AI chips for China to comply with US export controls
Building & Training GAN Model From Scratch In Python
How To Set up a NL2SQL System With Azure OpenAI Studio
Humane's AI Pin: all the news about the new AI-powered wearable
OpenAI Says It Appears to Have Been Attacked
Humane plans to open Ai Pin pre-orders on November 16, starting at $699 plus $24 per month for calling, texts, and data via T-Mobile, shipping in early 2024 (Paresh Dave/Wired)
OpenAI wants to work with organizations to build new AI training data sets
Silicon Valley's Big, Bold Sci-Fi Bet on the Device That Comes After the Smartphone
Transforming Enterprise Search with Generative AI
Humane's Ai Pin features a laser projector that shows info on the user's palm, a 13MP ultrawide camera,  AI experiences  that don't require a wake word, more (Abner Li/9to5Mac)
Olympus  could fill Amazon's lack of a major exclusive LLM in the AWS cloud
Grown-up Arm Chips Look to Dethrone x86 in Laptops
ChatGPT Hit by Hackers
Essential Practices for Seamless Data Ingestion
Steady the Course: Navigating the Evaluation of LLM-based Applications
Accelerating Neurosymbolic AI with RAPIDS and Vadalog Parallel
OpenAI announces Data Partnerships to collaborate with organizations to build public and private datasets that  reflect human society  for AI model training (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Stability AI Gets Intel Backing in New Financing
Don't worry about those new export rules, China   Nvidia's already got more sanctions-compliant GPUs for ya
Snap releases Lens Studio 5.0 Beta, a new version of its AR development tool with a ChatGPT Remote API that lets developers leverage ChatGPT in their Lenses (Aisha Malik/TechCrunch)
Scraping YouTube Videos to Train Smarter AI
Deep learning-based system paves the way for efficient battery health assessment
Humane's AI Pin is a curious AI wearable with a hefty price tag
AI Coding: Is Google Bard a Good Python Developer?
A neural network can map large icebergs 10,000 times faster than humans
Marc Andreessen on AI Copyright Issues: But What About Muh Money?
A Key Start to MLOps: Exploring Its Essential Components
Data Engineering for Beginners: Navigating the Foundations of a Data-Driven World
AI could cause 'catastrophic' financial crisis, says Yuval Noah Harari
CodeCraze  - create your own blog in Django | Part 0 | Project Setup
7 Examples to Master Categorical Data Operations with Python Pandas
Microsoft Researchers Unveil FP8 Mixed-Precision Training Framework: Supercharging Large Language Model Training Efficiency
[D] What AI topics are you curious about but rarely see in the spotlight?
Overcoming leakage on error-corrected quantum processors
Humane's Wearable $699 AI Pin Has a Camera But No Screen
Ghost, now OpenAI-backed, claims LLMs will overcome self-driving setbacks   but experts are skeptical
Disney Tops Estimates and a New AI Pin | Bloomberg Technology
Meta & GeorgiaTech Researchers Release a New Dataset and Associated AI Models to Help Accelerate Research on Direct Air Capture to Combat Climate Change
Humane's Ai Pin up close
You Are Using ChatGPT Incorrectly!
This Week's Most Read: OpenAI DevDay Unveils New Models, API Updates
Harvard Astrophysicist Avi Loeb: Why UFOs May Be AI
The Humane AI Pin Gets Its Big Reveal But We Still Have a Lot of Questions
I just created a U.S. Tax bot in 10 mins using new GPT creator: it knows the whole tax code (4000 pages), does complex calculations, cites laws, double-checks online, and generates a PDF for tax filing. Amazing.
'BlazeStealer' Python Malware Allows Complete Takeover of Developer Machines
Hollywood strike ends   but actors' battle against AI may not be over
GM's Cruise Rethinks Its Robotaxi Strategy After Admitting a Software Fault in Gruesome Crash
Alphabet CEO Pichai to Testify in Google Play Trial Tuesday
Behind the AI Revolution: Paige Bailey Discusses Google's PaLM 2 and More
[P]Coqui released XTTSv2
Watch the big reveal of the $699 AI phone from a husband and wife who worked at Apple. It's powered by GPT-4 and projects info onto your hand.
Twitter CEO Says She Wishes Elon Musk's AI Would Talk About Sex With Her Kids
DDoS-like attack brought down OpenAI this week, not just its purported popularity
Sam Altman just roasted Elon Musk's new 'Grok' AI chatbot, calling it 'cringey boomer humor'
Watchful Plots Transparency of Black Box LLMs
Humane officially unveils the AI Pin device that aspires to replace smartphone
Advice on how to store and run queries on large amounts of medical data
Why Global Regulation Might Not Stop Dangerous AI
Child psychiatrist jailed after using AI to make pornographic deep-fakes of kids
Responsible AI at Google Research: Context in AI Research (CAIR)
OpenAI wants to work with organizations to build new AI training datasets
The Cybersecurity Conundrum: Regulatory Capture and the AI Doomer Perspective in the Philippines
Crack Detection with Grounding DINO and Segment Anything
Testing in Python
Enabling Greater Patient-Specific Cardiovascular Care with AI Surrogates
Getting started with sqlite3 in Python
Sundar Pichai will take the stand in Epic v. Google
Internal website: Microsoft restricts employee access to ChatGPT and other external AI services like Midjourney or Replika  due to security and data concerns  (Jordan Novet/CNBC)
Top 5 things you dislike about your team / role / organization
Intel Researchers Propose a New Artificial Intelligence Approach to Deploy LLMs on CPUs More Efficiently
NVIDIA RTX 4080 Super Might be Announced at CES 2024
Towards Generative AI for Model Architecture
Failure of computer vision model? A robot crushed a man to death after it mistook him for a box of vegetables
Generative AI's Real Killer App Announces Chat and Enteprise Features
Elon Musk Wants to Open Source Grok
Google AI Introduces a Novel Clustering Algorithm that Effectively Combines the Scalability Benefits of Embedding Models with the Quality of Cross-Attention Models
Character Crafter GPT
LeetLLM
Waltz Health appoints Healthcare Veteran Jeff Park as President
Altman trolls Musk as OpenAI rolls out GPTs to all subscribers despite DDoS attack
Tempus announces Research Collaboration with Bristol Myers Squibb
[R] CogVLM: Visual Expert for Pretrained Language Models
A German Startup Races Google to Develop a Universal Translator
Researchers from NVIDIA and UT Austin Introduced MimicGen: An Autonomous Data Generation System for Robotics
China AI Startup Stockpiled 18 Months of Nvidia Chips Before Ban
The Future of Shopping: Innovative Startup with Robots for Automated Dark Stores
Microsoft briefly blocked employees from using ChatGPT over security concerns
The OpenAI of Transcription
Meet DISC-FinLLM: A Chinese Financial Large Language Model (LLM) Based On Multiple Experts Fine-Tuning
Microsoft Researchers Unveil 'EmotionPrompt': Enhancing AI Emotional Intelligence Across Multiple Language Models
Adflare.ai
Taiwan's Top Tech Startup Teams to Shine on International Stage at Web Summit 2023
Covid Loss of Smell Takes Up to Three Years to Return, Study Finds
Customisable GPTs Now Live on ChatGPT Plus
Q&A with Humane President Imran Chaudhri on lessons from Apple, having a positive tech outlook, privacy concerns with the Ai Pin, platform transitions, and more (Om Malik/On my Om)
Singapore-based startup EduFi raises funding for its student loan platform
How to Convert Any Text Into a Graph of Concepts
Precision Clustering Made Simple: kscorer's Guide to Auto-Selecting Optimal K-means Clusters
ChatGPT Code Interpreter Feature: 2023's Detailed Guide
AI I can train with my own art?
Apple supplier Luxshare plans to increase its investment in Vietnam by $330M to $504M total, as the AirPods manufacturer further diversifies away from China (Mai Ngoc Chau/Bloomberg)
Why 0 is better than NULL sometimes
All GPTs
Why India is Qualcomm's Next Big Bet
Protecto secures $4M Seed Funding Round
Kai-Fu Lee, CEO of Chinese startup 01.AI, says the company stockpiled enough Nvidia chips to last for next 18 months before the US's China chip ban kicked in (Bloomberg)
Advantages and Disadvantages of Artificial Intelligence in the Development of Mobile Applications
This AI Paper Introduces a Comprehensive Analysis of GPT-4V's Performance in Medical Visual Question Answering: Insights and Limitations
Supercharging Your Data Science Projects with GitHub Tools
OpenAI Dev Day Rundown with Developer Panel - Voicebot Podcast 360
Humane Ai Pin Marks the Beginning of the End of  Smartphones
Faked audio of Sadiq Khan dismissing Armistice Day shared among far-right groups
Bill Gates thinks AI could spell the end of tedious life admin
Here's how to create your own custom chatbots using ChatGPT
10 Essential Pandas Functions Every Data Scientist Should Know
AlphaNotes
Ambarella Demos LLM Inference on Autonomous Driving Chip
Beginners Guide to TensorFlow
German AI startup, hope of Europe, cites 'existential danger'
Inside Zephyr-7B: HuggingFace's Hyper-Optimized LLM that Continues to Outperform Larger Models
MultiPlanar UNet: One UNet for all 3-D segmentation Tasks (even if you have less data)- Low Code.
Top 7 Essential Cheat Sheets To Ace Your Data Science Interview
Using GPTs, OpenAI's  No-Code Builder of Personal AI Apps
Humane's Ai Pin has some in the tech world scratching their heads
Decoding Statistical Power: The Key to Precision in Marketing Studies
Unlocking the Potential of AI and ML in Healthcare Today
Sure, real-time data is now 'democratized,' but it's only a start
Python Documentation With Docstrings and Sphinx
AI Investors Horrified at the Suggestion That They Pay Artists for Using Their Copyrighted Work
[D] ICLR 2024 Paper Reviews
How OpenAI uses network effects to protect ChatGPT's market
OpenAI Asks Public for More Data to Train Its AI Models
How To Beat Odds As an AI Startup?
Researchers from Stanford Introduce RT-Sketch: Elevating Visual Imitation Learning Through Hand-Drawn Sketches as Goal Specifications
I built an app to make my job search a little more sane, and I thought others might like it too! No ads, no recruiter spam, etc.
How do you get past the imposter syndrome, and finally feel like you're good at your job?
Generative AI News   Deepfake Market Data, Biden AI Rules, Anthropic Gets $2B, LexisNexis, ChatGPT, RedPajama & More   Voicebot Podcast 359
OpenAI's custom ChatGPTs have a major data leak potential
This week in AI: OpenAI plays for keeps with GPTs
Tech Disrupted Hollywood. AI Almost Destroyed It
Tycoon Pai Takes Over Davidson Kempner's $100 Million Loan to Byju's
Gary Huestis, Owner & Director Of Powerhouse Forensics   Interview Series
After BloombergGPT, Bloomberg Unveils IB Connect, Improving Digital Transformation
Why Governments Trust Oracle
YC-backed productivity app Superpowered pivots to become a voice API platform for bots
StackShare introduces The Tech Stack File
Reimagining Image Recognition: Unveiling Google's Vision Transformer (ViT) Model's Paradigm Shift in Visual Data Processing
Nvidia Is Looking Cheap to Some as 220% Rally Stalls
Enabling large-scale health studies for the research community
The Morning After: Humane's Ai Pin wearable costs $699 and ships in early 2024
The UK's NHS is using a predictive scoring algorithm called the National Liver Offering Scheme, found to have errors, to help decide who gets a liver transplant (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
Google Cloud Deepens Anthropic Partnership as Generative AI Tug-of-War With AWS Intensifies
AI Industry Insider Claims They Can No Longer Tell Apart Real and Fake
Azure Synapse Link for Cosmos DB: New Analytics Capabilities
Gen AI's 'iPhone Moment': What it Means for Developers
GraphQL AI Platform for developers
Using LLMs to evaluate LLMs
A prisoner's dilemma shows AI's potential to cooperate with humans
Google expands partnership with Anthropic to enhance AI safety
3 ways small-business owners can use ChatGPT to brainstorm ideas, plan campaigns, and create a cheap marketing strategy
Pre-trained language models for music captioning and query response
OpenAI's New Tack in Talent War With Google: Promising Recruits a Quick Stock Bump
Microsoft Temporarily Blocked ChatGPT For Employees, Citing Security Concerns
A new AI algorithm can create 3D models from 2D images in 5 seconds
AI robotics' 'GPT moment' is near
Humane's AI Pin is a Step Forward in Wearable Tech, But With Drawbacks
DINOv2 for Custom Dataset Segmentation: A Comprehensive Tutorial.
Personalized A.I. Agents Are Here. Is the World Ready for Them?
Netflix confirms Arcane season two won't arrive until November 2024
ChatGPT: OpenAI Attributes Regular Outages to DDoS Attacks
RunwayML text-to-video AI service introduces new motion feature
Pro Weekly: AI Pushes Cloud Vendors to New Heights
Microsoft hits Alt+F4 on internal ChatGPT access over security jitters, irony ensues
Where GPT-4 Vision meets the road: Can it improve autonomous driving?
OpenAI Dev Day Rundown with Developer Panel   Voicebot Podcast 360
GitHub Universe: Open Source Trends Report and New AI Security Products
5 Steps To Implement AI in Your Business Without Breaking The Bank
[Python   Mastery] Overview of Linked List in Python & Essential Linked List Operations
Snap launches generative AI lenses that create AR effects based on text
Fei-Fei Li Started an AI Revolution By Seeing Like an Algorithm
Dissecting The Resume That Got Me My Data Scientist Job in Tech
Ultimate Hive Tutorial: Essential Guide to Big Data Management and Querying
AWS Unveils Gemini, a Distributed Training System for Swift Failure Recovery in Large Model Training
Ex-Apple Team Unveils New AI Communication Device
Using open-source models for faster and cheaper text embeddings
Fundamentals of Go - FARMISS
Prompting GPT-4 For Chart Image Analysis: Is It Up To The Challenge?
The Humane AI Pin is a bizarre cross between Google Glass and a pager
Your GPT Will Make More Money Than Your Substack? Please Tell Us More.
AI makes you worse at what you're good at
Why Microsoft temporarily blocked ChatGPT from employees on Thursday
PyMC-Marketing: The Key to Advanced CLV(Customer Lifetime Value) Forecasting
Elon Musk says he'd 'like to be friends again' with Google cofounder Larry Page after they got in a spat over AI
Want to Ensure AI Never Threatens Humanity? Make It Be Good
[R] Efficient Long-Range Transformers: You Need to Attend More, but Not Necessarily at Every Layer
Speak Only About What You Have Read: Can LLMs Generalize Beyond Their Pretraining Data?
Easily Generate Mock Data with PostgreSQL
Cruise begins layoffs after suspending its self-driving robotaxis following a collision that dragged pedestrian beneath car
Save ggplot Graphics at Intended End-use Dimensions and Resolutions for Best Results
Generative AI News This Week - Grok, OpenAI Dev Day, GitHub Copilot, Aleph Alpha & More
The metaverse has virtually disappeared. Here's why it's generative AI's fault
Police Scanned Beyonc Concert for Pedophiles, Terrorists
Job advice, dealing with higher ups
Researchers from Johns Hopkins Medicine Developed a Machine Learning Model for Precise Osteosarcoma Necrosis Calculation
ICBC Cyber Attack and Call of Duty's 'Modern Warfare III' | Bloomberg Technology
UN Approves Its First Resolution on Autonomous Weapons
AI News Roundup: Microsoft, UK Defense Labs Partner on Responsible AI
Reducing Food Waste with Data-Driven Solutions
Financial sustainability for open source projects at GitHub Universe
Meet Skywork-13B: A Family of Large Language Models (LLMs) Trained on a Corpus of Over 3.2T Tokens Drawn from both English and Chinese Texts
Demystifying Dependence and Why it is Important in Causal Inference and Causal Validation
Make Python Faster by Caching Functions: Memoization
Zephyr 7B Beta: A Good Teacher Is All You Need
Koe AI Unveils LLVC: A Groundbreaking Real-Time Voice Conversion Model with Unparalleled Efficiency and Speed
Luma AI Launches Genie: A New 3D Generative AI Model that Lets You Create 3D Objects from Text
The Data Scientist's Toolbox: Parsing
[D] Kubernetes - Yay or Nay?
A Beginner's Guide to Building High-Quality Datasets for Machine Learning
FastSpeech: Paper Overview & Implementation
What are some easy-to-get-into masters programs in the US for statistics, DS, or a related field?
[R] S-LoRA: Serving Thousands of Concurrent LoRA Adapters - by UC Berkeley, Stanford
Google considers pouring hundreds of millions into AI chatbot startup Character.AI
A look at custom chatbots, or GPTs, which are tailored for specific tasks and represent an important step in OpenAI's strategy of  gradual iterative deployment  (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
MySQL 8.2 Introduces Transparent Read/Write Splitting
Getting Started with ML & AI on AWS
3 new Open AI release, 6 November 6, 2023
Check Out This Free AI Webinar:   Real-Time AI Threat Detection Using Kafka [ Monday, November 13, 2023 | 10:00 am PDT]
Humane's Ai Pin seems like a bizarre cross between Google Glass and a pager, the lack of apps feels extremely limiting, and the $699 price is hard to understand (Ron Amadeo/Ars Technica)
Can AI Overcome Human's Confirmation Bias?
Introducing The Shaman: A GPT Who Can Act As Your Spiritual Guide Through Psychedelic Journeys
AI could cause 'catastrophic' financial crisis   Yuval Noah Harari
When will cats take over the world?
[N] [P] Google Deepmind released an album with  visualizations of AI  to combat stereotypical depictions of glowing brains, blue screens, etc.
How should data science employees be evaluated?
Mozilla introduces Fakespot Chat, an AI chatbot to help you decipher real reviews from fake ones
Sources: Character.AI is in talks to raise hundreds of millions from Google and to raise equity funding from VC investors, which could value the company at $5B+ (Krystal Hu/Reuters)
Quoting Charles Stross
The Humane Ai Pin Launches Its Campaign to Replace Phones
Product Hunt GPT Launch Assistant
News Corp. seeks AI licensing deals for its content to keep generative AI up-to-date
Europe salary thread - What's your role and salary?
Creating a Gradient Descent Animation in Python
'It is a beast that needs to be tamed': leading novelists on how AI could rewrite the future
Teaching is Hard: How to Train Small Models and Outperforming Large Counterparts
RAG: How to talk to your data
Bollywood Has A Deepfake Problem
Actors union explains AI guardrails in strike deal
[D] Machine Learning PhD failure? Navigating the harsh reality of graduating without publications
CI/CD Part 1: Unit/Integration Testing
Meet SecureLoop: An AI-Powered Search Tool to Identify an Optimal Design for a Deep Learning Accelerator that can Boost the Performance of Complex AI Tasks while Requiring Less Energy
Stability AI rebounds from turmoil, scores Intel support and a tenfold revenue increase
Hosting index.html with HTTPS using Docker and Nginx
This AI Paper Propose AugGPT: A Text Data Augmentation Approach based on ChatGPT
This AI Paper Introduces a Novel Personalized Distillation Process: Enhancing Open-Source LLMs with Adaptive Learning from Closed-Source Counterparts
Ollamac
Pareto, Power Laws, and Fat Tails
Elon Musk's Neuralink has thousands of people lined up for a brain chip implant. Here's what we know about the surgery that replaces a portion of your skull.
Universal AI translation layer on top of OS will make OS invincible and perhaps kill Microsoft / Apple?
The Guy Behind  Shrek  Says AI Is Going to Wipe Out Human Jobs in Animation
Thai Regulator Approves Advanced Info's Takeover of Internet Firm
[R] UNINEXT : Universal Instance Perception as Object Discovery and Retrieval(Video Demo)
NVIDIA may soon announce new AI chips for China to get around US export restrictions
Chatbots can lower the information barrier to help malicious actors build a bioweapon, making guardrails during chatbot development a good step for biosecurity (Steph Batalis/Foreign Policy)
Google's Bard AI says it's scared of Elon Musk's rival called Grok. Here's how other chatbots feel.
The Power of Progress: Advancements in AI and Cloud Big Data
This AI Paper Introduces JudgeLM: A Novel Approach for Scalable Evaluation of Large Language Models in Open-Ended Scenarios
Video Highlights: An In-depth Discussion on the Hidden Costs and Actual TCO of LLMs
Researchers at Stanford Introduce CORNN: A Machine Learning Method for Real-Time Analysis of Large-Scale Neural Recordings
This AI Paper Introduces the GraphGPT Framework: Enhancing Graph Neural Networks with Large Language Model Techniques for Superior Zero-Shot Learning Performance
Bill Gates says AI agents will send a  shock wave  through the tech industry
Researchers from China Propose iTransformer: Rethinking Transformer Architecture for Enhanced Time Series Forecasting
OpenAI co-founder Greg Brockman wants Frontier AI regulation that doesn't slow Open Source
10 Best ChatGPT Prompts for HR Professionals
Book Review: The Fund
ChatGPT becomes a serious contender for exploratory data analysis
Generating more quality insights per month
Biden, Xi to pledge ban on AI in autonomous weapons in drones, nuclear warhead
YOLOv8 vs YOLOv5
How Artificial Intelligence is Reshaping Tech Landscapes
Techno Medusa
OpenAI hosts a dev day, TechCrunch reviews the M3 iMac and MacBook Pro, and Bumble gets a new CEO
[Discussion] ICLR 2024 submission statistics
Are You Doing Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) for Biomedicine? Meet MedCPT: A Contrastive Pre-trained Transformer Model for Zero-Shot Biomedical Information Retrieval
[D] Is obtaining a PhD title worth it?
Humane's AI Pin probably can't replace your phone
A two-hour walking tour with ChatGPT: 'I'd not suggest that to my worst enemy'
Create your Vision Chat Assistant with LLaVA
Old map
Java and Data Engineering
SAG-AFTRA deal includes a $40 million streaming bonus and AI protections
This AI Paper Introduces a Comprehensive Analysis of Computer Vision Backbones: Unveiling the Strengths and Weaknesses of Pretrained Models
Dev News: GPT-4 Turbo, Chrome Talks Pretty, and Worlds Merge
Study explores the scaling of deep learning models for chemistry research
Permutation SHAP versus Kernel SHAP
Why developer productivity isn't all about tooling and AI
Linear Algebra 4: Matrix Equations
AfricAi Chronicles: Crafting Tech Awesomeness in 2023
The promise of Collective Superintelligence
Introducing Auto Playwright: Transforming Playwright Tests with AI
The 10 Saddest Robots Ever Built
[R] Trends in Machine Learning Hardware - Epoch 2023
Here's What a Software Architect Does in an Agile Team
Sam Altman Tried on Steve Jobs' Turtle Neck This Week
My new Python package gpt_pdf_md: Transform PDFs to Markdown with GPT-4 Vision
The gap between research and production for live-feed computer vision use-cases
ChatGPT: Dejargonizer
Giskard Releases Giskard Bot on HuggingFace: A Bot that Automatically Detects Issues of the Machine Learning Models You Pushed to the HuggingFace Hub
The Synergy Unleashed: The Role of Blockchain in Emerging AI
[P] End-to-end Keyword Bidding for Apple Search Ads
A Beginner's Guide to Understanding the Core Concepts of AI
How AI Drives Business Growth and Innovation
Getting emotional with ChatGPT could get you the best outputs
Is the job market improving?
Casiquiare
How AI is Revolutionizing Reliability in Our Daily Lives
How GPT-4 Was Transformed Into Generative AI Search in Bing Chat
This AI Paper Introduces PolyID: Pioneering Machine Learning in the Discovery of High-Performance Biobased Polymers
This AI Paper Introduces RuLES: A New Machine Learning Framework for Assessing Rule-Adherence in Large Language Models Against Adversarial Attacks
From linguistics to NPL
[R] MADLAD-400 - 4.6 / 2.6 trillion token dataset covering 419 languages + translation models up to 10.7B parameters
Johannes Kepler University Researchers Introduce GateLoop: Advancing Sequence Modeling with Linear Recurrence and Data-Controlled State Transitions
Absurd prompt hack brings Pepe the Frog back to DALL-E 3 for ChatGPT
Experts say terrorist groups are using generative AI tools to evade the hashing algorithms used by tech companies to automatically remove extremist content (David Gilbert/Wired)
Prompt Engineering plus AlphaZero: Microsoft's XOT improves LLM's ability to generalize
[D] In conditional GAN (cGAN) architecture, why does the discriminator need a conditional variable ?
PrivacyGPT
Duke University Researchers Propose Policy Stitching: A Novel AI Framework that Facilitates Robot Transfer Learning for Novel Combinations of Robots and Tasks
Data warehouse without using SQL
Brainstorming Q (for physical retail): How would you optimize between maintaining sufficient facings for fast-selling items to avoid stockouts, while also preserving shelf space for a diverse range of slower-moving products? (Range vs Space)
BunJS : Le Serveur HTTP en Action
AI is Officially The Word of The Year
How digital twins may enable personalised health treatment
Disneyfy Me
HTML: Tag vs. Element
This AI Research from China Introduces Consistent4D: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach for Generating 4D Dynamic Objects from Uncalibrated Monocular Videos
just a hobbyist making GPTs, and quite honestly, it's lovely
A Team of UC Berkeley and Stanford Researchers Introduce S-LoRA: An Artificial Intelligence System Designed for the Scalable Serving of Many LoRA Adapters
Speed Up Hackathon Collaboration
Vanderbilt Machine Learning Seminar Talk  Conformal Prediction under Ambiguous Ground Truth
Unboxing Ragna: Getting hands on and making it to work with Amazon Bedrock
[R] Accelerating Diffusion-Based Text-to-Audio Generation with Consistency Distillation
Meta Researchers Introduced VR-NeRF: An Advanced End-to-End AI System for High-Fidelity Capture and Rendering of Walkable Spaces in Virtual Reality
Building a dead simple background job in Rust
Do you send Juypter Notebook PDFs to stakeholders?
How to Evaluate LLM Applications
Ligatures In RStudio Dailies
GPT-4 Turbo's best new feature doesn't work very well
Google, Intel, Nvidia Battle in Generative AI Training
Building my own  Comic GPT  using OpenAI's GPT store .
Spellbook AI's legal tool integrates with Word to help users draft and understand contracts
6 months as a Data Science freelancer
All about Greedy Algorithms| Beginners Guide.
I need ai help
GPU Survival Toolkit for the AI age: The bare minimum every developer must know
In-depth Understanding of XGBoost Introduction in Machine Learning
Researchers from Cambridge have Developed a Virtual Reality Application Using Machine Learning to Give Users the 'Superhuman' Ability to Open and Control Tools in Virtual Reality
OpenAI lures Google's top AI researchers with multimillion-dollar offers
OpenAI is Starting to Look Like Apple in 2008
Cyborg pianist: Transforming classical music with AI and brain data
Python's Static Typing Safari: In Search of Code Clarity
Data Internships - hand picked interesting internships in Data Science, Analytics, Engineering and ML
A classifier that's very accurate (and deep)
Are You Ashamed of Your Old Code?
Data Machina #227
Getting the measure of the crest of a wave| Brief letters
AI in Motion
The Guide to Recommender Metrics
BONUS: Diwali
OpenAI's Bid to Become a Data Titan - Distilling the 4-Pronged Generative AI Data Strategy
Google DeepMind Researchers Propose a Framework for Classifying the Capabilities and Behavior of Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) Models and their Precursors
This AI Paper Introduces Neural MMO 2.0: Revolutionizing Reinforcement Learning with Flexible Task Systems and Procedural Generation
Creating your own ChatGPT without coding   A Step by Step Guide
[R] UNINEXT : Universal Instance Perception as Object Discovery and Retrieval
Introduction to Clustering Algorithms
Just found out you can search custom GPTs on google
Fell in love with CV, I'd love to get a formal education in the subject, just one little issue,
Automating your API tests using Python and Pytest
Researchers from MIT and NVIDIA Developed Two Complementary Techniques that could Dramatically Boost the Speed and Performance of Demanding Machine Learning Tasks
Exploring Time-to-Event with Survival Analysis
[D] Run Pytorch model inference on Microcontroller
Data Engineering Books
Create a streaming AI assistant with ChatGPT, FastAPI, WebSockets and React
Philosophy and Data Science  Thinking deeply about data
The New Kings of Open Source AI (Oct 2023 Recap)
Create Your Custom GPT (Step by Step Guide)
A Tale of Two Kitchens - Hypermodernizing Your Python Code Base
LCMs are a new way to generate high-quality images much faster
Nvidia CEO says his AI powerhouse is 'always in peril' | Fortune
A6000 ADA vs 2 A5000
$400k graduate salaries and gun-for-hire 'SWAT teams'   inside the wild AI talent market of 2023
[D] What do you think about representing each neuron and each synapse as a small neural network that will form a larger neural network?
DAK and the Golden Age of Gadget Catalogs
Researchers from China Introduce CogVLM: A Powerful Open-Source Visual Language Foundation Model
Java News Roundup: JEPs for JDK 22, Spring Shell, Quarkus, Apache Camel, JDKMon, J-Fall 2023
AI can discover hidden relationships in tabular data
Hyundai Breaks Ground on Plant to Build 200,000 EVs a Year
Europe has a secret weapon to beat Big Tech on GenAI
Biologit: Machine learning and AI to monitor medical literature
Rust Usefulness in Data Science
The Moat for Enterprise AI is RAG + Fine Tuning   Here's Why
Why Oracle's Infrastructure is Best for Generative AI
Chat with Your Dataset using Bayesian Inferences.
Google AI Introduces AltUp (Alternating Updates): An Artificial Intelligence Method that Takes Advantage of Increasing Scale in Transformer Networks without Increasing the Computation Cost
What are your favorite resources for refreshing or upskilling your stats and ML knowledge
SegFormer for Semantic Segmentation
Create A Netflix Login Page in HTML and CSS | Learn With Danial
Am I overfitting?
What is Noise in Image Processing?   A Primer
Sam Altman says he expected  to raise a lot more  from Microsoft and other investors to keep up with the punishing costs of building more sophisticated LLMs (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
[R] P-MMF: Provider Max-min Fairness Re-ranking in Recommender System
Exclusive: Google in talks to invest in AI startup Character.AI
[R] Data Filtering Networks
This AI Research Unveils LSS Transformer: A Revolutionary AI Approach for Efficient Long Sequence Training in Transformers
Billy: AI Invoicing Made Effortless.
How Giskard got their first 1,200 stars!
Influencers and authority
CustomGPT Directory
GPT-4 Turbo: After Hype Comes  Lost in the Middle  Phenomenon
Choropleth
RoboRecap
genAI JupyterLab extensions
Recodify
A Tale of Two Heroes: Azure Form Recognizer vs. AI Builder
GPTsdex
Q&A with Microsoft EVP of Business Development Chris Young on the AI hype, Microsoft making a business out of AI, the non-tech early adopters of AI, and more (Tom Dotan/Wall Street Journal)
Chatbot Dreams & Markdown Streams: Creating React JS ChatGPT Bots in Minutes
[D] Gen-AI/LLM - Interview prep
This AI Paper from Google DeepMind Studies the Gap Between Pretraining Data Composition and In-Context Learning in Pretrained Transformers
Generative AI: It's not just for the big guys
Netflix Killed 'The OA.' Now Its Creators Are Back With a Show About Tech's Ubiquity
How To Access Google's 'Hidden' Generative AI Image Creation Tool Now
Billionaire investor Chamath Palihapitiya suggests VCs could be replaced by 'an automated system' as the world adapts to AI
Billy - AI powered invoicing
Nvidia announces H200, an update to its standalone H100 accelerator, swapping HBM3 memory for HBM3E, offering a ~25% frequency increase, and shipping in Q2 2024 (Ryan Smith/AnandTech)
Generative AI Will Displace Frontline B2B Marketing Jobs, And You're Not Ready
Google sues unnamed individuals in India and Vietnam for tricking US-based SMB owners with Facebook accounts into clicking fake Bard ads that install malware (John D. McKinnon/Wall Street Journal)
Self-assembling neural networks can open new directions for AI research
Self-driving car-makers could face prison for misleading adverts in UK
OpenAI boss Sam Altman predicts 'brutal' shortage of AI chips will ease next year
Nvidia Upgrades Processor as Rivals Challenge Its AI Dominance
Google Sues Scammers Over Fake Bard AI Chatbot That Downloads Malware
Nvidia unveils new H200 GPU for AI and HPC workloads
Identifying companies that are remote or in my region
OpenAI, Anthropic, Discord, Vimeo, and others sign up to the Christchurch Call to Action, established after a 2019 mass killing to moderate extremist content (Ryan Heath/Axios)
Life is Fleeting, But Data is Forever   Meet your Digital Twin
Boosting Career in Data Engineering: Insights and Strategies
NVIDIA Supercharges Hopper, the World's Leading AI Computing Platform
This AI Paper Introduces Relax: A Compiler Abstraction for Optimizing End-to-End Dynamic Machine Learning Workloads
Cornell University Discovers a Huge Threat at the Core of ChatGPT
Faster R-CNNs
Top 10   Python libraries for any ML projects
Google Photos' AI Magic Editor won't change pictures of IDs, receipts, faces, or bodies
An AppStore for GPTs on the way
Biden and Xi will sign a deal to keep AI out of control systems for nuclear weapons: report
Microsoft's Thought-Out Plan for LLM Problems
MIT Researchers Developed SmartEM: An AI Technology that Takes Electron Microscopy to the Next Level by Seamlessly Integrating Real-Time Machine Learning into the Imaging Process
Google fights scammers using Bard hype to spread malware
CLAIRE and euRobotics join forces on European AI  moonshot  proposal
OpenAI's big goal is  magic intelligence in the sky  - and it needs more money to get there
Grand Theft Auto NPCs might be more engaging with LLM support, Take-Two CEO hints
Gizmodo Monday Puzzle: Can You See Through These Illusions?
NVIDIA announces its next generation of AI supercomputer chips
One-Minute Daily AI News 11/12/2023
GPTs: The Future of AI SaaS
Implementing Trading Bots in Hedge Funds [+ Use Cases and Benefits]
Bing loses search market share to Google despite ChatGPT integration
How did NVIDIA achieve 150x faster speed for Pandas [D]
Security, privacy, and generative AI
AI Engineering 101 and 201 Workshops
Multi-Threaded Programs in Python Using threading Module
Back to Basics Week 2: Database, SQL, Data Management and Statistical Concepts
OpenAI recruiters are trying to lure Google AI employees with $10 million pay packets, report says
AI Legal Protections May Not Save You From Getting Sued
[P] Whisper large-v3 API
Pokemon Mecha
How do you segment the data science industry?
Study finds AI recognizes faces but not like the human brain
Cerebras and Core42 start phase 2 for world's largest AI supercomputers
Understanding Instrumental Variables
Report: Enterprise investment in generative AI shockingly low, while traditional AI is thriving
OpenAI API Dev Day Upgrades Are Mindblowing: Here's DALL-E 3, GPT-4 Vision, and GPT-4 Turbo in.
Industry Leaders Come Together And Endorse DAOS Foundation To Accelerate Nextgen HPC And AI/ML Workloads
Nvidia is launching a new must-have AI chip   as customers still scramble for its last one
OpenAI's six-member board will decide 'when we've attained AGI'
I spent a weekend with Amazon's free AI courses, and highly recommend you do too
FTC hosts challenge to stop harms of voice cloning AI
My AI assistant took over my slides and presentation to make a statement.
Google sues scammers that allegedly released a malware-filled Bard knockoff
Nvidia and Intel unveil advanced HPC initiatives, bolstering AI capabilities at SC2023
Best Practices for Debugging Errors in Logistic Regression with Python
Why AI and Creativity Are Not Mutually Exclusive
[D] Logit Laplace Reconstruction Loss
The US Wants China to Start Talking About AI Weapons
Artificial Intelligence Movies: 11 Milestones in AI Film History
Inside Visa's AI-powered war against holiday fraud
5 Free Courses to Master Data Science
Creating an Interactive Image Gallery with HTML and CSS
Luminar Neo's GenSwap Tool Brings Generative AI to the Photo Editing App
Knowledge Series #12: Unit Economics Explained
Exposing the Power of the Kalman Filter
AI and automation: Business leaders adopt small-scale solutions for greater impact
Inworld AI Will Bring Generative AI to Microsoft Xbox Game Development
Why AI-powered Chatbots are Reshaping Customer Service in Finance
Optimize Energy Efficiency of Multi-Node VASP Simulations with NVIDIA Magnum IO
The AI Talent Wars Heat Up; The Bankers Banking on AI Deals
Guest Post: Comparing Vector Databases, Vector Search Libraries, and Vector Search Plugins*
'Alarming': convincing AI vaccine and vaping disinformation generated by Australian researchers
Nurdle emerges from Spectrum Labs as AI deployment startup for enterprises
Silo AI unveils Poro, a new open source language model for Europe
Twisted magnets make brain-inspired computing more adaptable
Meta engineer: Only two nuclear power plants needed to fuel AI inference next year
SAG-AFTRA's Strike-Ending Agreement Still Has Some A.I. Worries
Multiple Decorators in Python
Alper Tekin, Chief Product Officer at Findem   Interview Series
White faces generated by AI are more convincing than photos, finds survey
Serverless development experience for embedded computer vision
10 Cool CodePen Demos (Divtober Edition)
Photographer Trey Ratcliff Creates AI Bot That Will Critique Your Photos
New Chip Designs to Boost AI Workload Processing
Rosalyn Unveils StableSight AI to Combat Rising Online Exam Cheating
Elon Musk Furious at Sam Altman for Dissing His New Chatbot as  Boomer Humor
Adobe & ANU's LRM Reconstructs Models For Single Image to 3D in 5s
'Magic Intelligence in the Sky': Sam Altman Has a Cute New Name for the Singularity
Digital Industrial Manufacturing Firm Divergent Technologies Locks Up $230M Series D
Understanding Predictive Maintenance   Unit Roots and Stationarity
Simplifying GPU Programming for HPC with the NVIDIA Grace Hopper Superchip
Last Week in AI #245: OpenAI Dev Day, Gen AI's impact on white-collar jobs, EU's AI Act negotiations stall, Humane's wearable AI assistant, and more!
What are AI chatbots actually doing when they 'hallucinate?' Here's why experts don't like the term
Upcoming Webinar Series: How to Get Started With AI Inference
AdCreative.ai Review: The Best AI Marketing Tool for Ads?
Using Synthetic Data to Address Novel Viewpoints for Autonomous Vehicle Perception
FLaNK Stack Weekly for 13 November 2023
Named Arguments for SQL Functions
Humane launches wearable $699 AI Pin to replace your smartphone
With Conductor, Orkes Tackles LLM Orchestration Workflows
How can you politely tell your manager you don't want to work with a certain person?
GitLab's new AI capabilities empower DevSecOps
The Graph Coloring Problem: Exact and Heuristic Solutions
'Tidal Wave' of AI Spending to Power Tech Bull Market, Wedbush Says
Prompting GPT-4 To Extract Data From Map Images: Does it Work Well?
Artificial intelligence for drug discovery offers up unexpected results
Getting Started with Claude 2 API
This VC firm thinks that AI automation could resurrect startup valuations
Google Sues Hackers Exploiting AI Hype With Alleged Bard Scams
10 Essential Tools Every Data Analyst Must Have
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: Enable And Autonomous Vehicle Startup May Mobility See Big Bucks
Q&A: Generative AI Comes to the Middle East, Driving Security Changes
AI Could Save John Lennon's Final Filmed Interview
How Acceldata Helped T-Mobile's Data Modernization Strategy
XML in Android Studio (Part 1)
NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute Launches Science and Engineering Teaching Kit
AI model instantly generates 3D image from 2D sample
These are technology leaders' biggest worries about using AI at work
7 Steps to Utilize Predictive Analytics for Identifying Promising Projects in Grant Funding
Race for First Drug Discovered by AI Nears Key Milestone
AI pioneer Cerebras is having 'a monster year' in hybrid AI computing
Machine learning in the maritime environment
Researcher develops filter to tackle 'unsafe' AI-generated images
AI Won't Eliminate Programming, But Can Make It Better
Struggling with APIs in GPT? Try the GPT API Advisor! It features the full OpenAPI spec (109 pages), examples from Google, Microsoft Graph + functional GitHub integration, and more. Includes  The Little Book of OAuth 2.0 RFCs  for references. Choose
Can you spot the AI impostors? We found AI faces can look more real than actual humans
Build a chatbot with the new OpenAI Assistant API and Function Calling
AI Companies Are Running Out of Training Data
Where do you see yourself in 5-10 years?
Chinese Perspectives on OpenAI DevDay, NVIDIA's New AI Chips for China, and Zen Buddhism Meets AI
Simplifying Daily Life with Automation and Python: A Journey into Artificial Intelligence
I. Introduction to Automation and Python:
Gigabyte BIOS update outs next-gen AMD Ryzen APUs with upgraded Radeon GPUs
[D] How are Statistics Journals Viewed in Machine Learning Community for Research Jobs?
Audio Transcription Effortlessly with Distill Whisper AI
Silo AI's Poro34B open-source LLM aims to master all official EU languages
Strike over? US actors may return to work with top-tier 'progressive AI protections'
Divergent Technologies, which created a digital manufacturing system that uses 3D printing and AI-driven software, raised a $230M Series D led by Hexagon AB (Michael Molitch-Hou/3DPrint)
Dive Into R: Collaborate with the Indy UserR Group as a Newsletter Contributor!
Matillion Looks to Unlock Data for AI
[R] [ICLR] Is it okay to reference an answer to another reviewer in a reviewer's response?
AI IQ: Asking the Right Questions in AI Deployments
IBM extends its goals for AI and quantum computing, shows off roadmap
Researchers from Waabi and the University of Toronto Introduce LabelFormer: An Efficient Transformer-Based AI Model to Refine Object Trajectories for Auto-Labelling
Cerebras and G42 Break New Ground with 4-Exaflop AI Supercomputer: Paving the Way for 8-Exaflops
AI images of white faces are now 'hyper-real': Study
RBAC vs. ABAC: Future-Proofing Security and Access Control
Melting RTX 4090 cables could be much more common than previously reported
The SAG Deal Sends a Clear Message About AI and Workers
Data Doc: How GPT-4 Aced My First-Year Python Coding Assignment
New study finds bigger datasets might not always be better for AI models
How to host static sites on Github pages
San Francisco's Future and Nvidia's New Chip | Bloomberg Technology
Data Security in the Cloud: A New Era of Trust
Nvidia's H200 GPU is a Milestone in AI Technology
Novel approach using natural-language models opens AI applications for edge computing
The Role of AI in Web Development
Google's AI-powered Search is expanding its features and availability
Popular AI platform introduces rewards system to encourage deepfakes of real people
Nvidia Upgrades its Flagship AI Chip as Rivals Circie
[R] JARVIS-1: Open-world Multi-task Agents with Memory-Augmented Multimodal Language Models
ChatGPT got its biggest update yet, including a new look
Guidance on Dimensionality Reduction Techniques and Embeddings
Meet SEINE: a Short-to-Long Video Diffusion Model for High-Quality Extended Videos with Smooth and Creative Transitions Between Scenes
Unlocking the Power of Big Data: The Fascinating World of Graph Learning
Extending the RoPE
1PhotoAI
Any DS here working for StateFarm. Have the 4 hr long onxite coming. Any tips would be much appreciated
YouTube Co-Founder Hurley's Stealth AI Startup Raises Money from A-Star Capital, Ron Conway
AI Startup Roundup: AV Startup Snags Coveted OpenAI Backing
Azure OpenAI Service Breakdown: GPT-3.5, GPT-4, Use Cases, Users, and Trends
Weekly Top Picks #52
SC500: Microsoft Now Has the Third Fastest Computer in the World
Canadian Healthtech Linda Lifetech Announces Partnership with Mila to Advance AI in Breast Cancer Prevention and Diagnosis
Which Quantization Method is Right for You?(GPTQ vs. GGUF vs. AWQ)
Nvidia introduces the H200, an AI-crunching monster GPU that may speed up ChatGPT
What Investors Are Getting Wrong About Apple and Microsoft
AI-generated fake audio of Germany's top news program  Tagesschau  spreads disinformation
Master Decorators and Generators in Python
I learned to navigate the world as a neurodivergent founder. We can teach AI to do the same
NVIDIA Introduces H200, Fastest AI Computing Platform
Tags in HTML (part 1)
GitLab Introduces Duo Chat: A Conversational AI Tool for Productivity
[P] Higgsfield.AI   Anyone can train Llama 70B or Mistral for free
A Coder Considers the Waning Days of the Craft
A New Microsoft AI Research Proposes HMD-NeMo: A New Approach that Addresses Plausible and Accurate Full Body Motion Generation Even When the Hands may be Only Partially Visible
3D Flip Product Card | CSS Tutorial
OpenAI New Products: A Deep Dive
How generative AI is defining the future of identity access management
You may now ask Copilot AI to be your personal shopping assistant
Reflect AI Search
Should I learn MLOPS?
AI video generating hardware: Hands-on with the 1stAI Machine
Facetopia
[D] How does '@jax.jit' compare with PyTorch's '@torch.compile'?
Boeing wins orders worth $52 billion from Emirates at the Dubai Air Show
The Dawn of AI-Driven Intranets
When, and When Not to RAG
A New Research Paper Introduces a Machine-Learning Tool that can Easily Spot when Chemistry Papers are Written Using the Chatbot ChatGPT
iPhone Maker Hon Hai's Profit Beats in Sign of Resilient Demand
BPGbio appoints Kenin Spivak to Board of Directors
Can Transformer Blocks Be Simplified Without Compromising Efficiency? This AI Paper from ETH Zurich Explores the Balance Between Design Complexity and Performance
Celonis acquired Symbio
Amazing Loading Animation Using Html Css and Javascript.
Andrew Ng's  Generative AI for Everyone  Enrolls 43K Users in Less than A Week
NVIDIA RAPIDS AI Rolls Out Game-Changing 'cuDF Pandas Accelerator Mode
Can Synthetic Clinical Text Generation Revolutionize Clinical NLP Tasks? Meet ClinGen: An AI Model that Involves Clinical Knowledge Extraction and Context-Informed LLM Prompting
A profile of Geoffrey Hinton, who argues that LLMs like GPT can comprehend the meanings of words and learn how the world works by analyzing human writing (Joshua Rothman/New Yorker)
OpenAI is Silently Working on GPT-5
G42, Cerebras Unveils Brand New AI Supercomputer
What AI tool is good as  dungeon master  for rol games nowadays?
Above the Trend Line    Your Industry Rumor Central for 11/14/2023
MotherDuck's Hybrid Query Execution Enhances Real-Time Data Analytics
Elastic Jobs in Azure SQL: Microsoft Entra ID, Secure Connectivity and Scalability Updates
Trazable Copilot
Asymmetric Certified Robustness via Feature-Convex Neural Networks
Large language models: The foundations of generative AI
Q&A: NY Life exec says AI will reboot hiring, training, change management
Anyone else a DS that doesn't actually do DS?
Ten Patterns and Antipatterns of Deep Learning Experimentation
FireJet
GitHub Positions AI as Pivotal in Software Development Journey
YouTube is going to start cracking down on AI clones of musicians
Chatbots just showed scientists how to make social media less toxic
For a change in this sub- An actual Data Science question
TNS announced the launch of AI Labs
When you are old
Top VC Firms Sign Voluntary Commitments for Startups to Build AI Responsibly
Giskard's open-source framework evaluates AI models before they're pushed into production
UltimateGPT
Everyone in cloud computing is scurrying to find a genAI strategy
Morgan
Mozilla launches AI shopping helper Fakespot Chat
ProGPTs
Data Engineer vs. Business Intelligence Data Analyst
YouTube To Require Disclosure When Videos Include Generative AI
AI may help technology professionals toward the nirvana of 'flow state'
[P] Labelformat now supports all major vision labeling formats and runs on Windows, Linux and macOS
How the New OpenAI's GPTs Service Could Be a Game-Changer for Small Businesses
Framify
Mastering the GPT Workflow: A Comprehensive Guide to Harnessing AI-Powered Language Models
10 GPTs for Your Daily Use
AI is at an inflection point, Fei-Fei Li says
How Facebook went all in on AI
[P] I got a ML internship and have no idea what to do
How to Process 3D Medical Imaging Data using Python and SimpleITK
Morningstar Intelligence Engine puts personalized investment insights at analyst's fingertips
YouTube to offer option to flag AI-generated songs that mimic artists' voices
How do you handle Product/Executives who ask too much
Zomato Cooks Generative AI with Microsoft Azure
This is how OpenAI prompts its own custom ChatGPTs
Edge 343: Understanding Llama-Adapter Fine-Tuning
A eulogy for coding, which has always felt like an endlessly deep and rich domain, after ChatGPT swallowed knowledge and skills that take lifetimes to master (James Somers/New Yorker)
OpenAI's custom ChatGPTs might let users download your uploaded knowledge files
The Rise of AI Personal Assistants and Their Consequences
Notion's new generative AI feature will help find what you need faster
AIs Can Store Secret Messages in Their Text That Are Imperceptible to Humans
YouTube adapts its policies for the coming surge of AI videos
DeepMind's new AI promises the most accurate 10-day weather forecasts in the world
Five Must Have Capabilities of an Enterprise Customer Data Platform (CDP)
7 easy AI-product integrations (to keep up with the times      )
xAI Introduces Large Language Model Grok
3D generative AI platform Atlas emerges from stealth with $6M to accelerate virtual worldbuilding
YouTube tightens guidelines for AI-generated content and deepfakes
Google's New AI Weatherman Will Leave Forecasters in the Dust
Scientists Say AI-Generated White Faces are More Realistic Than Photos
My Second Week of the #30DayMapChallange
Revolutionizing the Automotive Industry: How Data and AI Drive Innovation
RIL, a nonprofit coalition of tech VCs and execs, releases a voluntary commitment for startups building AI responsibly, signed by Insight, IVP, and 33 other VCs (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Nvidia Adds $200 Billion as Winning Streak Set to Match Record
Embeddings + Knowledge Graphs: The Ultimate Tools for RAG Systems
How do you overcome the endless maze of code in a query?
YouTube Cracks Down on Future 'AI Drakes' With Updated Policies
Thanks to my 5 favorite AI tools, I'm working smarter now
Nvidia Steals AMD's Thunder; The Generative AI Startup Hoping to Making Accounting Exciting Again
Google DeepMind's weather AI can forecast extreme weather faster and more accurately
'Unsafe' AI images proliferate online. Study suggests 3 ways to curb the scourge
Is AI the answer to sustainable farming?
What Meta learned from Galactica, the doomed model launched two weeks before ChatGPT
How the Paris Charter Can Backfire: Addressing Misinterpretations and Potential Pitfalls
The Good Robot Podcast: featuring Giada Pistilli on good corporations, AI ethics and value pluralism
OpenSource LLMs with 200k Context
GraphCast: AI model for faster and more accurate global weather forecasting
DeepMind AI can beat the best weather forecasts - but there is a catch
Expert Insights on Developing Safe, Secure, and Trustworthy AI Frameworks
Experimental brain-like computing system more accurate with custom algorithm
TSMixer: The Latest Forecasting Model by Google
CPG manufacturing platform Keychain raises $18 million
From Fiction to Reality: ChatGPT and the Sci-Fi Dream of True AI Conversation
Innovative technology from Typecast allows generative AI to transfer human emotion
AI's most doomsaying godfather sure would like you to believe his invention is godlike
Google DeepMind's AI Weather Forecaster Handily Beats a Global Standard
Courtesy of AI: Weather forecasts for the hour, the week, and the century
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman wants to build AI  superintelligence
YouTube will let musicians and actors request takedowns of their deepfakes
A balancing act: Using AI for internal workplace communications
Half of asset managers are focused on speed over volume in their quest to fully capitalise on data, finds report
Aprendendo Python - Parte 1
Discover Vision DSP Solutions in the World of AI
To Educate Students about AI, Make Them Use It
MSI introduced New AI Server Platforms with Liquid Cooling at SC23
Europe's AI Act talks head for crunch point
How to Visualize Deep Learning Models
Towards Understanding the Mixtures of Experts Model
Dell and Hugging Face partner to simplify LLM deployment
Notion's new Q&A feature lets you ask an AI about your notes
You.com launches new APIs to connect LLMs to the web
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG): From Theory to LangChain Implementation
The Download: the origins of life, and building Facebook's AI empire
The Dark Side of AI   How Can The Creators Help?!
Google Researches, Others Build
How biometrics, internet of things and AI will shape our future security
Energy Efficiency in High-Performance Computing: Balancing Speed and Sustainability
Andreessen Horowitz backs Civitai, a generative AI content marketplace with millions of users
Quantum AI represents a 'transformative advancement'
Clinical Generative AI Startup Startup Layer Health Raises $4M
Build a Better Running Shoe (or any Product) with Generative AI
IBM WatsonX tool for AI governance will soon be available
Domain Adaptation of A Large Language Model
What was your salary progression in DS? (Base/Bonus) + Location
AI is going to force millions of workers to train for new jobs. The US has historically been terrible at this.
Nvidia launches H200 AI superchip: the first to be paired with 141GB of cutting-edge HBM3e memory
The UAW strike is already helping boost wages at rivals like Hyundai and Toyota&nbsp;
Query Construction
U of G professor says disclosure of salary ranges, AI won't make much difference
Celonis adds an AI copilot to ask questions about a process map
AI chemist creates catalysts to make oxygen using Martian meteorites
How Can AI Help Reduce the Costs of Healthcare?
OpenAI calls GPT-4 Turbo its  smartest  model, but what does that even mean
Will Large Language Models End Programming?
Civitai, where users share AI-made images, including nonconsensual porn of real people, announces a $5M seed led by a16z, after launching a  bounties  feature (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
Airbnb acquires secretive firm launched by Siri co-founder
Fixing Relevancy in Retrieval Augmentation
Google DeepMind details GraphCast AI, a weather forecasting AI that is more accurate for 3-10 day predictions than the best conventional systems, a first for AI (Clive Cookson/Financial Times)
dith Piaf's voice re-created using AI so she can narrate own biopic
AI-Generated Images of White People More Convincing than Real Photos, Scientists Say
Should the media tell you when they use AI to report the news? What consumers should know
Accelerating Ptychography Workflows with NVIDIA Holoscan at Diamond Light Source
Retool's State of AI Report Highlights the Rise of Vector Databases
Researchers from NTU Singapore Propose OtterHD-8B: An Innovative Multimodal AI Model Evolved from Fuyu-8B
Humane's launch video showed its hyped AI Pin answering 2 questions incorrectly. The company says a corrected video is on the way.
Virtuoso Surgical awarded $1.8 Million in SBIR Funding
An Overview of Meta's Llama 2 Model: What's New?
Breakthrough AI learns language with  human-like  efficiency
[D] Is there any research for RAG where vectors that are queried in succession become associated for future queries, even if their embedding values are different?
'Big Short' investor Michael Burry reveals a bet against Nvidia and other microchip stocks
The best robot vacuums for pet hair of 2023: Tested and reviewed
Supercomputer Leaderboard: Intel's Aurora and Microsoft On the Rise
Cisco released inaugural AI Readiness Index
Sources: Airbnb acquires Gameplanner.AI, in a deal valued at ~$200M, to accelerate some of its AI projects, marking its first acquisition as a public company (CNBC)
Please Don't Ask if an Open Source Project is Dead
Microsoft Ships .NET 8
7 Steps to Running a Small Language Model on a Local CPU
AI is starting to outperform meteorologists
A system that allows robots to use tools creatively by leveraging large language models
Researchers from the University of Oxford and Xi'an Jiaotong University Introduce an Innovative Machine-Learning Model for Simulating Phase-Change Materials in Advanced Memory Technologies
Podcast: Using ChatGPT to Search Enterprise Data with Pamela Fox
This AI newsletter is all you need #73
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 06/11 to 12/11
Nvidia stock is riding its longest winning streak in 7 years, adding $220 billion in market value just in November
Creating a Virtual Lifeline for LGBTQI+ Youth in Africa
Researcher from Google Quantum AI Achieves Breakthrough in Leakage Management for Scalable Quantum Error Correction
Google's DeepMind Builds AI for More Accurate Weather Forecasts
YouTube threatens to suspend creators who fail to disclose AI-generated videos
Freeplay: New LLM Dev Tool for Java Developers (and Others)
Alphabet CEO Pichai Grilled on Record-Keeping at Google Play Trial
C3 AI expands Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS
How do I drastically improve my DS+ML coding skill? Following the pros gives me inferiority complex!
How Self-RAG Could Revolutionize Industrial LLMs
An approach for unsupervised domain adaptation based on an integrated autoencoder
Climate resilience gets a boost with Deepmind's AI-based GraphCast weather forecasts
Modern Semantic Search for Images
Bridging the Gap Between AI and Neuromorphic Computing
Everything you need to become a SAS Certified Machine Learning Engineer
Discovery Education's chief product officer says AI can free up employees to focus on complex tasks &mdash; but warns against being 'a hammer looking for a nail'
AI outperforms conventional weather forecasting for the first time: Google study
Launching HiFi 3D Sensor: Plug-n-Play Depth Perception & AI
An Introduction To Deep Learning For Sequential Data
AI Platform Has a  Bounties  System for Creating Deepfakes of Regular People
YouTube Creators Will Be Forced To Disclose AI Content
Web5 Meets Generative AI: Reimagining the Future of Digital Identity with Netonomy
Google Goes After Scammers Abusing Its Bard AI Chatbot
Investors Are Using AI to Detect CEOs' Emotional States
Tangram Vision's AI-powered 3D sensor could transform computer vision in robotics
Scaling multimodal understanding to long videos
Running thousands of LLMs on one GPU is now possible with S-LoRA
Microsoft .NET 8 arrives, with cloud-native stack preview
Will Mass Adoption of GenAI Lift Traditional AI?
Here is another Cool FREE AI Webinar:   How to Build GenAI Text-to-Speech Apps with LangChain [Date: Thursday, November 16, 2023 | 10:00 am PDT]
YouTube's non-solution for AI podcasts
What is the difference between AI ethics, responsible AI, and trustworthy AI?
Entendendo @decorators no Python em 6 passos
Exclusive: Schneider Electric Chief AI Officer on Using Custom ChatGPT
People think white AI-generated faces are more real than actual photos, study says
Notion unveils Q&A, an AI assistant that gives answers using information from a user's workspace, as part of the $8-$10/month-per-person Notion AI add-on (David Pierce/The Verge)
Humane's Ai Pin Will Inspire The Very Device It Seeks To Replace
AMD may be prepping new AM4 processors with 3D V-Cache
YouTubers kindly asked to mark their deepfake vids as Fake Fakey McFake Fakes
EU lawmakers struggle to reach a compromise on the final shape of the AI Act, as France and Germany push for a regulatory carve-out for foundational models (Natasha Lomas/TechCrunch)
Have you ever hated a new job so much you went back to your old one?
After Beatles, AI to bring Edith Piaf voice back to life for biopic
The Enterprise Guide to AI Safety
Red Hat: UK Leads Europe in IT Automation, But Key Challenges Persist
Entropy and Gini Index
Otto AI
Sam Altman says OpenAI is pausing new ChatGPT Plus signups  for a bit  and  the surge in usage post devday has exceeded our capacity  (Kristi Hines/Search Engine Journal)
SatRdays London 2024
Meet DeepMind's GraphCast: A Leap Forward in Machine Learning-Powered Weather Forecasting
Efficient Coding in Data Science: Easy Debugging of Pandas Chained Operations
Create a Low-Code GPT AI App in 5 Minutes
Sidekic AI
Epic v. Google: Sundar Pichai confirms Google paid Apple 36% of the search revenue generated on iPhones, saying the total payment  was well over $10B  in 2022 (Nico Grant/New York Times)
This AI Paper Provides a Comprehensive Overview and Discussion of Various Types of Leakage in Machine Learning Pipelines
This portable external GPU includes internal M.2 storage
GM inserts exec at Cruise as safety review expands, manual self driving paused
Google wants governments to form a 'global AI corps'
OfferFit gets $25M to kill A/B testing for marketing with machine learning personalization
IBM Unveils watsonx.governance to Revolutionise AI Transparency and Compliance
A Deep Dive into Paperspace's Infrastructure
Meet LocoMuJoCo: A Novel Machine Learning Benchmark Designed to Facilitate Rigorous Evaluation and Comparison of Imitation Learning Algorithms
Modeling the Traveling Salesman Problem from first principles
Generate Results Beyond the Boardroom: A Data Leader's Guide to Planning, Building, and Launching Generative AI Projects
Web Development Resources #174
[R] GPT-4V in Wonderland: Large Multimodal Models for Zero-Shot Smartphone GUI Navigation
Due to High Demand, OpenAI Pauses New ChatGPT Plus Sign-ups
Altman Gets Chatty as Musk Goes Grok
Celonis launched the Process Intelligence (PI) Graph
Companies with good work-life balance reputation? All is welcome: Tech/Finance/Medical
OpenAI Pauses New Signups to Manage Overwhelming Demand
Rust Provides the Ultimate Security Against Hackers
HPE to Accelerate AI Training with NVIDIA GH200
Deepmind create state-of-the-art model for fast and accurate 10-day weather predictions
Researchers taught GPT-4V to use an iPhone and buy things on the Amazon app
GPT-4 gives medical advice that saves doctors' time but can be harmful
Software is listening for the options you want it to offer, and it's about time
[R] Beyond U: Making Diffusion Models Faster & Lighter
Add CI workflow to repo
WOW WHAT IS THIS????
Grok is Elon Musk's new sassy, foul-mouthed AI. But who exactly is it made for?
A study found that AI-generated photos of faces, particularly white faces, were perceived as more real by survey participants than photos of actual people (Nicola Davis/The Guardian)
ByteDance Weighs Sale of Gaming Studio Behind Mobile Legends
Three young hackers behind Mirai talk about building the DDoS botnet, losing control of their monster, their work for the FBI as part of a plea deal, and more (Andy Greenberg/Wired)
Google DeepMind's GraphCast AI weather predictor looks fascinating on paper but ...
UnitedHealthcare's broken AI denied seniors' medical claims, lawsuit alleges
Understanding Graph Neural Networks (GNNs): Intro for Beginners
Open Source vs. Closed Models: The True Cost of Running AI
Singapore Wants to Play 'Long Game' in AI Space, MAS Official Says
The Hardest Part: Defining A Target For Classification
Anyone from Chase here? Got call for Sr. Associate DS role. Is this same as Sr. DS same? JDs aren't doing a great job at differentiating them and recruiter didn't clarify about the level other than calling it a IC role.
Detecting Generative AI Content
Are LLMs at a practical limit for layer stacking? [D]
All you need to know to Develop using Large Language Models
Quoting Ross Taylor
How to Use AI to Write Black Friday Emails Your Customers Will Love
Augmentus raises Oversubscribed USD 5M Series-A Round
Ohcryp: Crypto News at a Glance
OpenGPT is LangChain's Open-Source Answer to OpenAI's GPTs
Raimondo on AI Safety: 'Off to a Good Start'
Linguistics vs. CompLing degree
Graph Data Science for Tabular Data
Can Autoformalization Bridge the Gap Between Informal and Formal Language? Meet MMA: A Multilingual and Multi-Domain Dataset Revolutionizing the Field
Susterra
Fireflies.ai Mobile App - AI Notetaker
YouTube Joins The Irresponsible AI Club
SymphonyAI announces Generative AI Industrial Copilots
IQM Partners with NVIDIA for Hybrid Quantum Applications
A profile of Holly Herndon, an artist and musician who uses AI in her work and has co-founded Spawning, a company to build a  consent layer for AI  for artists (Anna Wiener/New Yorker)
New Relic Deepens Relationship with AWS to provide AI Monitoring
Einblick Prompt AI for JupyterLab
NVIDIA H200 will elevate AI technologies to unimaginable heights
Python Asyncio: A Guide to Asynchronous Programming and Concurrency
DeepMind claims it can boost weather prediction with AI
Innovation & Enhancements Drive AIOps Momentum for Digitate in 2023
Get a Lifetime of Amazing Content Generation for Only $20
Empowering the next generation for an AI-enabled world
Too much demand: OpenAI pauses ChatGPT Plus sign-ups
Counterfactuals in explainable AI: interview with Ulrike Kuhl
New pictures of the quad-slot Nvidia RTX 4090 Ti have leaked
Wolfram Research: Injecting reliability into generative AI
39 Programming Courses for Beginner Developers
Be a prompt engineer: Understanding Midjourney LLM
TL;DR
DHS AI roadmap prioritises cybersecurity and national safety
Meet Your Future Co-workers: The Rise of AI Agents in the Office
Airbnb is focusing on AI with new acquisition
Healthcare Without Health Workers: A Unicorn Pivots to an AI Doctor-in-a-Box
Social Media Sleuths, Armed With AI, Are Identifying Dead Bodies
The Rise and Fall of Prompt Engineering: Fad or Future?
Heard on the Street   11/15/2023
The American public strongly prefers human medical professionals make medical decisions, while at the same time believing they are more likely to make culturally biased decisions than AI.
The best Alexa devices of 2023: Expert tested and user recommended
AI Guardian is officially launched
The Download: attempting to read someone's mind, and AI weather forecasting
[P] Distil-Whisper: a distilled variant of Whisper that is 6x faster
Not a Good Time to Be a Tech Entrepreneur
Nvidia's Record Winning Streak Is Showing Signs of Overheating
GPT-4 Turbo: Die Zukunft der Knstlichen Intelligenz, entwickelt von OpenAI
KDnuggets News, November 15: 10 Essential Pandas Functions   5 Free Courses to Master Data Science
KubeCon NA 2023: Kubernetes Storage Platform to Run Real-Time Analytic Databases
Cruise's Emails With SF Police Ranged From Clubby to Contentious
13B Model Beats GPT-4 Performance
GPT-3.5 vs GPT-4: Is ChatGPT Plus worth its subscription fee?
Make Your Own GPTs with ChatGPT's GPTs!
The best Python libraries for parallel processing
To pay or not to pay for AI's creative 'borrowing'   that is the question
Salesforce Ushers CRM Innovation with Generative AI
The interface era of AI
No One Told AI Startups That San Francisco Is Over
Deepfake fraud attempts are up 3000% in 2023   here's why
Google Doesn't Know How to Make Money with Generative AI
Responsive dashboard using HTML & CSS | Part - 2
White AI-generated faces are more convincing than photographs of real humans, study finds
This AI Research from Adobe Proposes a Large Reconstruction Model (LRM) that Predicts the 3D Model of an Object from a Single Input Image within 5 Seconds
Command GPT - Expert at crafting commands for GPT customization.
Underage Workers Are Training AI
What Microsoft's M12 Investment Fund Looks For In Its AI Investments
How volunteer social media communities, like 39K-member Facebook group Thee Unidentified & Unsolved, are now using AI to help identify deceased people in the US (Deidre Olsen/Wired)
3D Body Models Now Have Sound: Meta AI Introduces an Artificial Intelligence Model that can Generate Accurate 3D Spatial Audio for Full Human Bodies
Fujitsu claims new tech can optimize CPU & GPU allocation for AI and HPC workloads
3 Smart Ways to Use Gen AI for IT Operations Health
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 06/11 to 12/11
OpenAI aiming to create AI as smart as humans, helped by funds from Microsoft
'Hallucinate' chosen as Cambridge dictionary's word of the year
Be My Eyes, an app for blind people, says Microsoft plans to integrate its Be My AI into the Microsoft Disability Answer Desk for customer service calls (Jackie Davalos/Bloomberg)
Tech Spark AI raises $1.4 million to create ChatGPT alternative
How we built a GPT Web App Generator for React & Node.js - from idea to 25,000 apps in 4 months
Digital pharmacy startup Truepill says hackers accessed sensitive data of 2.3 million patients
I used this famous photographer's AI bot to critique my photo, and the results were hilarious
That Hyped Up AI Pin Made Two Idiotic Mistakes in Its Launch Video
AI is fueling transformative new brain-health technology to detect and prevent cognitive decline
Should the  data  part and  scientist  part be two separate jobs?
Beauty brands are combining AI and 3D-printing tech to make personalized skincare products that target your specific needs
The science of (artificial) intelligence
AMD to Launch MI300X in Advancing AI Event in December
The incredible shrinking heat pump
Forward Health launches CarePods, a self-contained, AI-powered doctor's office
Microsoft to Offer AI-Powered Customer Service For Blind Users
Google AI Proposes Easy End-to-End Diffusion-based Text to Speech E3-TTS: A Simple and Efficient End-to-End Text-to-Speech Model Based on Diffusion
Exploring GPTs: ChatGPT in a trench coat?
Presentation: Strategy & Principles to Scale and Evolve MLOps @DoorDash
Tencent Stockpiled Nvidia AI Chips for 'a Couple of Generations'
Chartpack: SaaS product benchmarks
Mindful drinking app Sunnyside lands $11.5M to launch its AI-powered coach
A Better Way To Evaluate LLMs
Introduction to mixed frequency data models in R workshop
The Hidden World of (Vector) Indexes
Synopsys.ai Copilot accelerates AI-driven chip design
You.com Launches Search APIs Giving Generative AI Chatbots Real-Time Web Access
Who owns AI art?
Building a webinar with ChatGPT
NEA Leads Funding of Startup That Helps Customers Cut AI Costs; A Chinese Startup Seizes on Meta's Open-Source Llama Model
generate-sitemap 1.10.0 Released
GPT-5 Is Officially on the Way, OpenAI CEO Says
Microsoft announces Windows AI Studio, to let developers access and tweak AI models; Nvidia brings TensorRT-LLM to GeForce RTX 30 and 40-powered Windows PCs (Emma Roth/The Verge)
I used this famous photographer's AI bot to critique my photo, and the results were wild
Microsoft Infrastructure - AI & CPU Custom Silicon Maia 100 M100, Athena, Cobalt 100
With Copilot Studio, businesses can customize Microsoft's genAI assistant
Microsoft announces expanded Copilot capabilities at Ignite for sales and service
Microsoft Fabric Goes GA, Adds Multiple Integrations
Tencent president Martin Lau says the company stockpiled Nvidia chips to develop Hunyuan  for at least a couple more  versions and seeks a local chip supplier (Josh Ye/Reuters)
How Indeed is embracing responsible AI practices to make work more equitable for all
Microsoft unveils Copilot Studio, a no-code tool that lets companies customize Microsoft 365 Copilot or integrate custom ChatGPT chatbots made with OpenAI's GPT (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Microsoft combines Copilot AI with mixed reality for industrial workers
Bing Chat is now Copilot
Microsoft debuts new unified security solution with Security Copilot
Microsoft debuts its own chips for enterprise AI: 'Maia' and 'Cobalt'
OpenAI Pauses ChatGPT Plus Signups as Demand Surges
The last time there was a fight in the Senate, they changed the rules to ban calling each other corrupt
Microsoft sets new benchmark in AI data security with Purview upgrades
Microsoft Copilot Announced for Azure
Microsoft now has a Copilot for (almost) everything
Build Custom Enterprise-Grade Generative AI with NVIDIA AI Foundation Models
Google's Mirasol pushes the boundaries of AI video understanding
Microsoft combines its Security Copilot chatbot, Sentinel security analytics, and Microsoft Defender XDR tools into one unified security operations platform (Umar Shakir/The Verge)
Microsoft Ignite 2023: all the AI news from Microsoft's IT pro event
Why top AI talent is leaving Google's DeepMind
Nvidia wins fresh support as firms tied to Bill Gates and Ray Dalio reveal stakes in the microchip giant
Elevate Enterprise Generative AI App Development with NVIDIA AI on Azure Machine Learning
Data Roomba  to get clean-up tasks done faster
Microsoft Teams gets an AI-powered home decorator
Behind Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's push to get AI tools in developers' hands
Nvidia launches AI foundry service for Microsoft Azure with new Nemotron-3 8B models
Microsoft rebrands its AI-powered Bing Chat as Copilot
Microsoft launches a deepfakes creator
Qatar & Rwanda Partner to Boost Cybersecurity in Africa
Artificial sensor similar to a human fingerprint that can recognize fine fabric textures
Microsoft Teams' latest AI trick cleans and decorates your messy webcam background
Presentation: ChatGPT and AI: What's Next in Large Language Model (LLM) Architectures
Microsoft rolls out AI updates to Teams, including generative backgrounds, and plans to integrate its Mesh mixed reality platform into Teams in January 2024 (Usama Jawad/XDA Developers)
Microsoft announces Mirroring, a way to copy databases
AI System Beats Chess Puzzles With 'Artificial Brainstorming'
AMD to Brings its Best AI Compute on Microsoft, with AI PCs
Trillion Parameter Consortium: global scientists join forces for AI breakthroughs
Microsoft looks to free itself from GPU shackles by designing custom AI chips
Microsoft rebrands Bing Chat to Microsoft Copilot to compete with ChatGPT, pitching Copilot as the free version and Copilot for Microsoft 365 as paid version (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Bing Chat is now Microsoft Copilot, to better compete with ChatGPT
Microsoft announces the Maia 100 chip for Azure clients, already in testing for its Bing and Office AI tools, and Cobalt, a chip for servers, launching in 2024 (Bloomberg)
Microsoft announces Copilot AI updates to make the chatbot more interactive and participatory, particularly in Teams meetings and across PowerPoint and Outlook (Wes Davis/The Verge)
Microsoft will use custom-designed chips to bolster its AI services
Google Photos turns to AI to organize and categorize your photos for you
Deepmind's new AI could help forecast extreme weather faster
NVIDIA AI Foundation Models: Build Custom Enterprise Chatbots and Co-Pilots with Production-Ready LLMs
This 3D printer can watch itself fabricate objects
Updates From Monarch: Legacy of Monsters, Wonka, and More
LangChain Cheatsheet   All Secrets on a Single Page
Bing Chat now goes by Copilot and feels a lot more like ChatGPT
Oracle Unveils MySQL 8.2 with Enhanced Read/Write Splitting Capabilities
How to Make OpenAI API to Return JSON
AI is already being melded with robotics   one outcome could be powerful new weapons
Google GraphCast AI can predict weather conditions faster than conventional methods
MLP-Mixer Interpretability [D][R]
Niantic is using AI to make Peridot's fake pets feel more real
LangChain Expands Collaboration with Microsoft
OpenAI Has Halted ChatGPT Plus Subscriptions Due to Surging Demand - Join GPTs Demo Event Today
Google rolls out new Google Photos features, including AI auto-grouping Photo Stacks and improved recognition and categorization of screenshots and documents (Abner Li/9to5Google)
[R] With or without a scratchpad, Large Language Models can Strategically Deceive their Users when Put Under Pressure. Results of an autonomous stock trading agent in a realistic, simulated environment.
Generative AI: A Game Changer for HR in 2024
Onfido announced new report findings & unveiled Fraud Lab
You get a Copilot, and you get a Copilot   Microsoft now the Copilot company
Microsoft goes all-in on Gen AI: Everything it announced at Ignite
Microsoft launches two new Copilots, adding AI-guidance for Service and Sales
Deploy Large Language Models at the Edge with NVIDIA IGX Orin Developer Kit
Sam Altman Seems to Imply That OpenAI Is Building God
Introduction to Streaming-LLM: LLMs for Infinite-Length Inputs
Consider the Risks Before You Get on Bard With AI Extensions
This AI Research from China Provides an Exhaustive Evaluation of the Latest SOTA Visual Language Model GPT-4V(ision) and Its Application in Autonomous Driving Scenarios
Long-term Weather Forecasting?
[D] Validating Claims about Theoretical 131K Token Attention Span in Mistral 7B
Zero123++: A Single Image to Consistent Multi-view Diffusion Base Model
Ready to sign up for ChatGPT Plus? Join the club (er, waitlist)
Biden and Xi Set to Ban Use of AI in Drones and Nuclear Weapons
How to Win a Coin Toss? Every Single Time
Printed robots with bones, ligaments, and tendons
Best Practices for Securing LLM-Enabled Applications
Mastering LLM Techniques: LLMOps
Humane's  Ai Pin  Is An Engineering Feat   Not A Replacement For A Smartphone or Smartwatch
OpenAI pauses ChatGPT Plus sign-ups as it hits capacity
Like It or Not, Your Doctor Will Use AI | AI Unlocked
Galileo hallucination index identifies GPT-4 as best-performing LLM for different use cases
Q&A with Satya Nadella on Microsoft's OpenAI relationship, the ongoing developer platform shift, AI fueling a creative revolution, and generative AI IP lawsuits (Mat Honan/MIT Technology Review)
Microsoft unveils first AI chip, Maia 100, and Cobalt CPU
Australia Needs to Prepare to Reap the Benefits of Artificial Intelligence
DeepMind tool makes 10-day weather forecast in 60 seconds
2 Tasks to Boost Your Python Data Wrangling Skills
YouTube cracks down on synthetic media with AI disclosure requirement
Privacera Report Shows That 96% of Businesses are Pursuing Generative AI for Competitive Edge
Can Language Models Reason Beyond Words? Exploring Implicit Reasoning in Multi-Layer Hidden States for Complex Tasks
AI-powered Elmo and Cookie Monster are shilling $25 video messages on Cameo
Nvidia is the best performing S&P 500 stock in 2023. These hedge funds sold shares last quarter to take profits.
7 NVIDIA Announcements Made at Microsoft Ignite 2023
Blockchain could save AI by cracking open the black box
Behind the Controversy: Why Artists Hate AI Art
Introducing NumPy, a hero in Pythonland
The head of the FTC says she used ChatGPT to successfully contest a medical bill
Second AI-Powered Candidate Seeks Office in Japan
OpenAI Announces its Newest Model GPT-4 Turbo
Martian's tool automatically switches between LLMs to reduce costs
Instagram adds new features, including custom AI stickers, photo filters, a clip hub and more
Navigating Change: AI Strategies in the Era of Digital Markets Act
Microsoft Teams AI-powered makeover promises to clean up your messy office
Study Hopes to Unlock the Potential of LLMs in Mathematical Problem-Solving
Supercomputing '23: NVIDIA High-Performance Chips Power AI Workloads
Ramp taps AI as fintech hunts for growth
Long hours and low wages: the human labour powering AI's development
I am an experienced DS \\ MLE without any financial background. Joining a pension and asset management fund. What will I do? What are the specifics of work environment? How to best prepare myself?
VP of audio at Stability AI Ed Newton-Rex quits, saying he disagrees with the company's view that training generative AI models on copyrighted works is fair use (Music Business Worldwide)
Female Founders Fund looks to raise $75M for new fund
Game-playing DeepMind AI can beat top humans at chess, Go and poker
The world is finally starting to regulate artificial intelligence what to expect from US, EU and China's new laws
You can predict disease progression by modeling health data in latent space
The 2023 Natural Landscape Photography Awards Showcase Authenticity
It'll probably take 3,4,or 6 years for a new groundbreaking ai framework to change the world from its initial paper. This is considering how long it took for transformer architecture to be seen with potential and finally scaled to chatgpt and generat
Trending AI GitHub Repos: Week of November 13, 2023
Microsoft launches custom chips to accelerate its plans for AI domination
Researchers train AI to produce solar cells from perovskite in record time
Aerospike Unifies Storage Format, Delivers DBaaS
[D] What is the future for ML researchers and startups?
8-bit Quantization with Lightning Fabric
Quoting Ed Newton-Rex
ChatGPT Is So Slammed That It's Closing Down to New Users
Begun, the AI Chip Wars Have
Microsoft Unveils Its First Custom, In-house Chips
Google Photos has new AI-powered features to clean up your library
Adobe is using AI to break apart messy audio
Here's Why We Are Living During the Most Beautifully Balanced Era for Humans and AIs
How to interact with the FastAPI capability of the Stable Diffusion Web UI Gradio application
Smart Batteries: Driving the Future of Electric Vehicles with AI
VCs and Tech Companies at Odds Over AI Regulation
Egress and KnowBe4 Extend Partnership to Offer AI-based Adaptive Email Security and Training
Corporate card startup Ramp integrates with Microsoft Teams and 365 Copilot
Stripe is cracking down on AI companions - Why?
Netflix Has Cancelled Shadow and Bone
Exploring the Frontiers of AI with Taskade: Introducing AI Agents for Deep Learning Enthusiasts
Generative AI Projects More Than Triple on GitHub in 2023
Be My Eyes AI offers GPT-4-powered support for blind Microsoft customers
Microsoft Ignite: New Solutions Offer More Security and Productivity from Windows in the Cloud
Ruby Gems Download Trends: An Analysis from 2013 to 2023
Google is giving teens around the world access to its Bard AI chatbot
Startup Exec Quits, Says Generative AI 'Exploiting Creators'
Proxima Fusion extends Pre-Seed round, welcomes scientists from Stanford, MIT, and Harvard
Microsoft's Azure AI Model Catalog Expands with Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Models
AI copyright row deepens: Stability VP quits in protest over 'fair use' excuse
Rishi Sunak's AI plan has no teeth   and once again, big tech is ready to exploit that | Georg Riekeles and Max von Thun
Humane Launches Revolutionary AI-Powered Wearable: The AI Pin
Researching a Humanitarian Disaster Situation Report Chatbot   Using GPT-4-Turbo and full-context.
Google DeepMind breaks new ground with 'Mirasol3B' for advanced video analysis
Google rolls out Bard access for teens that  meet the minimum age requirement to manage their own Google Account  and have English set, with safeguards in place (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Hyundai's high-performance Ioniq 5 N EV goes on sale in acMarch
Stop Using ChatGPT To Write Your Blog Posts For You! It's Not Working...
Parental Advisory: This Chatbot May Talk to Your Child About Sex and Alcohol
Building a Custom GPT: Lessons and Tips
Companies that provide Microsoft, Google, and others with AI data-labeling services are inadvertently hiring minors, often exposing them to traumatic content (Niamh Rowe/Wired)
How to build a product with generative AI
20,000+ Best Custom GPTs Directory
YouTube will let some Shorts creators test Dream Track, a new AI tool that can generate and remix music in the styles of seven different artists, including Sia (Will Knight/Wired)
How Google is Crafting Tangible Impact in the Real World
Nvidia Challenger Sapeon Unveils Latest AI Chip for Data Centers
Unlock Advancing AI Video Understanding with MM-VID for GPT-4V(vision)
The new ChatGPT design is pretty
Andrew Ng Launches A New Course on LLM Quality and Security
Transforming the future of music creation
[P] SAM-GPT-4V for Specialized Object Detection, Segmentation
The critical role big data plays in the space sector
An Ethical Valve for GenAI Pipeline
YouTube Shorts Challenges TikTok With Music-Making AI for Creators
[Python] How to get full url from shortened url
Bing adds AI-generated captions to some search results, using GPT-4 to analyze a user's search query and the contents of webpages to create custom snippets (Barry Schwartz/Search Engine Land)
[D] Multiple documents reveal significant limitations of OpenAI's Assistants API for RAG
[Project] How we made Git work for machine learning
Unlock Advancing AI Video Understanding with MM-VID for GPT-4V(ision)
This video of David Attenborough narrating a programmer's life shows Hollywood actors were right to be afraid of AI
AI Could Replace 4 Million Jobs in South Korea, BOK Study Says
Are prestigious outrageously expensive MS in DS worth it over a cheaper less known school? (Berkeley, JHU, Carnegie M are all 60-70k USD) vs Eastern Uni 9k
Is This the Solution to P-Hacking?
What kinds of part time Data Science roles are there? How do you find them?
Hyundai's Ioniq 5 N performance EV is coming March 2024
Shutterstock Introduces TRUST: A Guiding Framework for Ethical AI and Customer Protection
Seekr announces Secure Browser
How to  Break-In  to the Industry When I Already Have Solid Academic/Work Experience?
Technique enables AI on edge devices to keep learning over time
Google is going to let teens use Bard, though with some guardrails
Are VCs Getting Generative AI Wrong?
This week in data: Data moats, generative AI and how to outperform your peers
Knowledge Retrieval Takes Center Stage
These 5 Open Source AI Startups are changing the AI Landscape
Oracle Empowers Healthcare Inventory Management with Mobile Capabilities
Learn to Build   Towards AI Community Newsletter #1
Microsoft's 'game changing' AI products should power the stock 15% higher to record highs in 2024, Wedbush says
Research Assistant : Exploring UXs Besides Chat
Microsoft's tiny but mighty Phi-2 shows 'dramatic improvements'
Regulation Drama in Silicon Valley; Why AI Agents Haven't Lived Up To The Hype
Kinetic Consulting launches Macky AI   the first AI business consulting platform available to any business
JotUrl AI-driven Call-To-Actions
Will machine learning be known as bad for the environment? [D]
[D] How do you guys in the industry deal with data scarcity?
In New Experiment, Young Children Destroy AI at Basic Tasks
Custom Scoring Functions in Scikit-Learn
Stability AI Audio Team Leader resigns due to disagreement over fair use
I present you HackerDigest: TLDR Version of HackerNews
VAST Data wins 2023 HPCwire Readers' Choice Awards in two categories
Prosimo launches Cross-Cloud Service Connect
Why conversation is at the heart of an excellent customer experience
AI is coming for our jobs! Could universal basic income be the solution?
Notion Q&A, Amazon Maps and Hallucination rates
R lubridate: How To Efficiently Work With Dates and Times in R
Stunning 3D Text Effect Using HTML And CSS
AI's Proactive Role in Outsmarting Corruption in Government
Enhancing Our Speech-to-Text Models with Google v5e TPUs and  100K on YouTube
What is Generative AI? It's going to alter everything about how we use the internet
Optimizing Data Analytics: Integrating GitHub Copilot in Databricks
CreateSafe, the company behind Grimes' voice cloning tool, launches new AI tools
AI chip startup Sapeon, backed by South Korean conglomerate SK Group, announces the Sapeon X330, claiming 4x the performance of the X220, rolling out in H1 2024 (Yoolim Lee/Bloomberg)
Heuron to participate in RSNA 2023
Adding Amazon Bedrock Llama2 as an assistant in Ragna
AI-Powered Innovation: Lentra's Role in Shaping the Future of Indian Banking
YouTube's first AI-generated music tools can clone artist voices and turn hums into melodies
This AI Tool Will Estimate When an Old Photo Was Taken
[P] My Physics Informed Neural Network repo in Github
Nvidia's GeForce Now gets support for PC Game Pass with Xbox account syncing
Google's AI-powered search tool can help tackle your holiday shopping
Amdocs, NVIDIA and Microsoft Azure build custom LLMs for telcos
Inside Ghostbuster: Berkeley University's New Method for Detecting AI-Generated Content
Nvidia might end RTX 4070 Ti and 4080 production ahead of Super variants' CES launch
Alibaba Nixes Cloud Spinoff After US Blocks AI Chips From China
GPT AI Essay Writer by Textero.ai
Google's Search Generative Experience adds shopping tools to help find niche or unique items and expands virtual try-ons to men's tops from hundreds of brands (Jess Weatherbed/The Verge)
Top Dubai Crypto Official to Step Down After Less Than Year
John Legend and Sia among singers to trial AI versions of voices with YouTube
Math and business development: Why the 2 divergents skills matter in an AI world
From toy to tool: DALL-E 3 is a wake-up call for visual artists and the rest of us
Caption AI - Image to Caption Generator
Lockheed Martin Ventures strategically invests in Launchpad.build
Screenshot to Code GPT
YouTube Now Sells the AI Soul of Your Favorite Musician
At its conference, Unity says the company plans to launch Unity 6 in 2024, details Unity Muse, an AI suite for content creation, and announces Unity Cloud (Dean Takahashi/VentureBeat)
The Future of AI, Indexing the Mind, Building Better AI's
AMD brings New AI and Compute Capabilities to Microsoft Customers
Pluto: Netflix's anime masterpiece explores how robots 'feel' when humans exploit them
Microsoft Copilot: UI for World Knowledge
7 Essential Data Quality Checks with Pandas
How (and why) to subscribe to ChatGPT Plus
VP of UK's top generative AI firm resigns over 'fair use' controversy
What's Your Story: Desney Tan
Customer data-syncing and analysis startup Hightouch acquires HeadsUp
The Creative, Occasionally Messy World of Textual Data
Deep learning model trained to identify least green homes
Microsoft's Strategic Shift: Embracing Smaller Language Models with Phi-2
OpenAI's ChatGPT turns one year old; what it did (and didn't do)
Siena AI raises $4.7M to develop an empathic AI customer service agent
Microsoft and Nvidia unveil new tools for Windows AI applications
Microsoft's Azure Maia AI chip and Cobalt CPU planned for 2024, powering tons of copilots
ChatGPT Plus subscriptions are being listed on eBay after OpenAI blocked signups
The Fast and the Curious: Optimizing R
YOLOv8: The Simple Choice for Better Segmentation on custom dataset
Paystack reduces operations outside of Africa, affecting 33 employees in Europe and Dubai
DEEPX honored with Three CES Innovation Awards 2024
The EU's AI Act Negotiations Are Under Severe Strain
DeepMind and YouTube release Lyria, a gen-AI model for music, and Dream Track to build AI tunes
Mastering LLM Techniques: Training
The World's Smallest Data Pipeline Framework
Seeing with Sound: Empowering the Visually Impaired with GPT-4V(ision) and Text-to-Speech.
AI is already being melded with robotics one outcome could be powerful new weapons
Realtime generative AI art is here thanks to LCM-LoRA
It's Party(Rock) time: Let's build an app in a few clicks!!
Windows 10 PCs will get Copilot AI chatbot after all
No, you're not that good at detecting fake videos two misinformation experts explain how to recognize them
This AI Paper Introduces Grounding Large Multimodal Model (GLaMM): An End-to-End Trained Large Multimodal Model that Provides Visual Grounding Capabilities with the Flexibility to Process both Image and Region Inputs
Moscow airport claims to have AI-powered radar system that can jam drones, but developer says it's not true
FindMySnap Uses AI to Search Through and Organize iPhone Photos
Examining the mind's eye of a neural network system
Big Fund Week Continues As Menlo Ventures Raises $1.4B For AI Investing
CSS Liquid Text Effect
Jonathan Camrose, the UK's first minister for AI and IP, says the country does not plan to regulate the AI industry  in the short term  to let the sector grow (Daria Mosolova/Financial Times)
Beautiful AI-Art: Prompting Dalle-2 To Create Feature Tech Story Images
Revolutionary Approach to Information Scraping: Using OpenAI API for Efficient Data extraction
Dell cuddles up to Hugging Face to offer genAI to customers
Microsoft is bringing its AI Copilot to Windows 10 soon
Integrating a Data Warehouse and a Data Lake
Amazon Shoppers Can Buy a Hyundai Online Starting Next Year
UCLA Researchers Introduce 'Rephrase and Respond' (RaR): A New Artificial Intelligence Method that Enhances LLMs' Understanding of Human Questions
Playing with PartyRock, AWS's GenAI Playground
Microsoft's Copilot AI is officially coming to Windows 10
Windows 10 is back, and it's getting Microsoft's AI-powered Copilot assistant
Dreamcraft3D: Hierarchical 3D Generation With Bootstrapped Diffusion Prior
tldraw/draw-a-ui
Starting Your Advanced Analytics Journey: Three Areas to Focus On
University Hospital of Basel Unveils TotalSegmentator: A Deep Learning Segmentation Model that can Automatically Segment Major Anatomical Structures in Body CT Images
Google Brain Co-Founder Claims Tech Companies Inflating Fears About AI Risks
Unpatched Critical Vulnerabilities Open AI Models to Takeover
Nvidia releases a new update for its GeForce Now app that introduces Game Syncing with the Microsoft Store, PC Game Pass, and Ubisoft+ (Laurent Giret/Thurrott)
AWS PartyRock - Anyone can become a developer
[Discussion] What are best practices when building/training very small models?
Introducing WeatherFIT (And PartyRock): Your Ultimate Style Wingman Powered by AI Magic!
6 Problems of LLMs That LangChain is Trying to Assess
Just started a Data Scientist position on a company that has no structure, need advices
Microsoft Brings Its AI Copilot to Windows 10
Amazon to sell cars online, starting with Hyundai
Intelligent Document Processing with AWS, Mastering Data Visualization, GPT-4 Turbo, and ODSC West.
Blackshark.ai's Orca Huntr lets you build orbital intelligence models with a scribble
Microsoft takes aim at local developers with Windows AI Studio
CHART OF THE DAY: AI hype in the stock market is starting to cool
Menlo Ventures Raises $1.35 Billion in Funds for AI Investments
Long hours and low wages: The human labor powering AI's development
Stability AI Introduces New 3D Enhancements to Stable Diffusion
Microsoft recommits to open source AI models, despite OpenAI investment
Codegen, which plans to use AI to automate  codebase-wide  tasks like large migrations and refactoring, raised a $16M seed led by Thrive Capital (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Etan Ginsberg, Co-Founder of Martian   Interview Series
Meta teases new AI-powered editing tools coming to Facebook and Instagram
Did Samsung Just Beat Apple to a Generative AI Model for Smartphones?
Meta unveils Emu Edit: Precise image editing via text instructions
How the US and China talking AI safety could reduce nuclear war risk
Predicting Football Touchdowns with Machine Learning
The AI of war: Computers and autonomous killing
AI Development Guide 2024
Fireside Friday with. Exegy's David Taylor
AI is transforming the English dictionary
Automation Tech to Form Central Part of Effort in Australia to Operationalise AI in 2024
Release 0.35.0 of Spellcheck (GitHub) Action - another maintenance release
Data Access Governance & Security Leader ALTR Closes $25M Series C Funding
Creating realistic 'talking heads' with an AI-powered program
Several popular AI products flagged as unsafe for kids by Common Sense Media
Code Reviewer using PartyRock
PartyRock-Powered Social Media AI Assistant
Flutter 3.16 released! Android Impeller preview, Game Toolkit Updates, iOS extensions and more!
Adobe's new audio AI tool can isolate voices and other sounds in recordings
[D] A conceptual precursor to today's language machines
Announcing the Winners of the 2023 One-Liner and Get Visual Competitions
My Weather App Journey with Pyramid Framework
Why Pyramid?
How Hybrid AI Will Enable Far Greater AI Use
FTC Keeps Close Watch Over AI Effect on Cloud Market Competition
The Wild West of robotaxis: Will Texas be a regulatory haven or chaos unleashed?
Unlock the Power of NVIDIA Grace and NVIDIA Hopper Architectures with Foundational HPC Software
Microsoft brings Copilot to Windows 10
Microsoft is now making its own Arm processors for AI and cloud workloads
Amazon announces online car sales for the first time, starting with Hyundai
HandBrake 1.7.0 adds AMD AV1 and Nvidia NVENC AV1 encoders
White House Signs Executive Order to Address AI Safety Concerns
FCC probes rise of AI robocall armies
Meta brings us a step closer to AI-generated movies
How to Run Headless Browser in Python and Selenium
Generative AI For Noobs: Learn With AWS PartyRock!
Containerizing my Pipeline Service
Ignore This Title and HackAPrompt: Exposing Systemic Vulnerabilities of LLMs
Realistic talking faces created from only an audio clip and a person's photo
Cruise suspends employee stock program, corp bonuses moved up
Create Songs with AI: Google DeepMind Debuts Lyria for YouTube
Nearly 100 Mila-affiliated scientific papers accepted at NeurIPS 2023
Let's celebrate PartyRock, an Amazon Bedrock Playground
OpenAI Suspends ChatGPT-Plus Sign Ups
Q&A: What impact will the Biden administration's executive order have on AI development?
Sloan's Inbox: How do you find a mentor?
Unauthorized  David Attenborough  AI clone narrates developer's life, goes viral
OpenAI Launches GPTs to Enable Creating No-Code, Custom Versions of ChatGPT
Tuning the Linux kernel with AI, according to ByteDance
Copilot AI: Microsoft's Game-Changer for Supply Chains
While AI Companies Promise Heaven, Underage Workers Are Training Their Models
Building the Future: A Beginner's Guide to Software Development
You can buy a Hyundai on Amazon starting next year
Generative AI for Kids: PartyRock to the Rescue
Microsoft Ignite 2023: Copilot AI expansions, custom chips and all the other announcements
This Week's Most Read: Asking the Right Questions in AI Deployments
A Guide to Going PartyRocking and Best Practices with PartyRock, an Amazon Bedrock Playground
Make It Real  AI prototype wows devs by turning drawings into working software
The Future of Project Management: Leveraging AI to Streamline Operations and Enhance Communication
Google Shopping Will Hallucinate AI Products and Then Find You Something Real to Buy
Q&A: How an assistive-feeding robot went from picking up fruit salads to whole meals
SCD2   Semantics and Styles
FTC Chair Lina Khan Eying Risks of Concentration of Power in AI Market
China Will Be At Forefront of AI, Alphabet's Pichai Says
Microsoft Announces New Maia 100 and Cobalt 100 Chips
Google's New Rules for AI-Generated Content Mean More Headaches for Creators
Deep Mind's Student of Games AI system can beat humans at a variety of games
The Other Side of Data Contracts: Awakening Consumer Responsibility
[D] Where does the 'ML' part of CAUSAL ML come in?
Responsible AI at Google Research: Adversarial testing for generative AI safety
What Grafana's Purchase of Asserts.ai Means for the User
Vicuna Makers Build Small AI Model That Rivals GPT-4 in Power
This report on teens having to view horrific material to train AI is a really sad read
Menlo Ventures closes on $1.35B in new capital, targets investments in AI startups
Type-Hinting DataFrames for Static Analysis and Runtime Validation
LinkedIn photo
[R] Meta Announces Emu Edit: Precise Image Editing via Recognition and Generation Tasks
Databricks: We're a Data Intelligence Platform Now
France's Mistral dials up call for EU AI rules to fix rules for apps, not model makers
Ain't no party like a PartyRock! Introducing the new Amazon Bedrock Playground
Google Delays Release of Gemini AI That Aims to Compete With OpenAI
Master Data Science with the 3rd Best Online Program
AI with 90% error rate forces elderly out of rehab, nursing homes, suit claims
Microsoft unveils Microsoft Copilot Studio
Introducing Mr-Know-It-All-O-Matic
Wish you could sing like Charli XCX or possess any musical talent? YouTube AI might make that happen
[P] Roast my code
Meta unveils new AI tools to edit images and generate videos from text instructions, based on its image generation model Emu announced in September (Mike Wheatley/SiliconANGLE)
OpenAI CEO Says Biggest AI Election Risks Haven't Been Seen Yet
Anyone left corporate to go the entrepreneur route and used DS in their new venture
[R] Pretraining Data Mixtures Enable Narrow Model Selection Capabilities in Transformer Models
One-Minute Daily AI News 11/16/2023
Sources: Google told some cloud customers not to expect access to its Gemini AI model until Q1 2024, after previously saying they would get access by Nov. 2023 (Jon Victor/The Information)
Flapjax: Data Visualization on the Web with Plotly and Flask
Adobe Promises a Photoshop like AI for Sound
Google DeepMind unveils Lyria, a powerful GenAI model for music creation
PartyRock
The AI assistant trained on your company's data
Runway's New 'Motion Brush' Feature in Gen-2 will Allow to Add Controlled Movement to Your Generations
This AI Paper Introduces Learning from Mistakes (LeMa): Enhancing Mathematical Reasoning in Large Language Models through Error-Driven Learning
Mastering Batch Data Processing with Versatile Data Kit (VDK)
Is POSIX Really Unsuitable for Object Stores? A Data-Backed Answer
Seeing more and more prominent people now posting AI videos without realising they're fake. Truly the age of misinformation/disinformation
Meta's new AI milestone: Emu Video and Emu Edit set to revolutionize text-to-video generation and image editing
This AI Paper Introduces a Deep Learning Model for Classifying Stages of Age-Related Macular Degeneration Using Real-World Retinal OCT Scans
Qualcomm announces Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 mobile chipset with AI acceleration
UK won't rush to regulate AI, says first-ever minister for digital brainboxes
How to Create Glass Dashboard with HTML and CSS
A Developer's Dive into GitHub Actions CI
Amazon's Project Kuiper Achieves 100% Success in Low Earth Orbit Satellite Mission
Using GitHub Actions with my Project
Leveraging LLMs with LangChain for Supply Chain Analytics   A Control Tower Powered by GPT
Rethinking Human Intelligence In The Age Of AI
India Needs a National Level AI Skill Development Programme ASAP
How does a decision tree know the next best question to ask from the data?
AIRS Medical and SR Finalize partnership ahead of RSNA 2023 Meeting
Glorify 3.0 Design Tool Powered by AI
This AI Research from China Introduces 4K4D: A 4D Point Cloud Representation that Supports Hardware Rasterization and Enables Unprecedented Rendering Speed
Amazon Partners with Hyundai for Online Car Sales in 2024
This AI Paper from MIT Explores the Scaling of Deep Learning Models for Chemistry Research
Here is how far we are to achieving AGI, according to DeepMind
Meet Google's Project Open Se Cura: An Open-Source Framework to Accelerate the Development of Secure, Scalable, Transparent, and Efficient AI Systems
Training AI to Gauge Online Reputation and Make the Market Safer
Microsoft to Bring Cohere's Enterprise AI Models on Azure AI Service
Suno AI auto-generated song about Stable Diffusion - SDXL
China Tech Optimism Rekindled Amid Slowly Thawing China-US Ties
Should I directly apply for an internal job transfer to escape a bad manager, or should I wait until I find a job elsewhere?
Forever Companions, which let paying users speak to an AI girlfriend modeled after influencer Caryn Marjorie, stopped working after CEO John Meyer was arrested (404 Media)
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 Doubles Down on AI for Android's Mid-Range Devices
Kumo.AI announced the general availability of its Kumo.AI platform
Generative AI vs. AI: Choosing the Right Technology for Your Business
Socure launches Industry's Most Accurate Synthetic Fraud Solution
Interview Request for anybody knowledgeable about LLMs
NetEase Youdao Open-Sources EmotiVoice: A Powerful and Modern Text-to-Speech Engine
[P] Higgsfield AI. Go chat with popular finetuned models
From Linear Algebra to Deep Learning in 7 Books (Winter 2023 Update)
How Salesforce is AI-ding India's Tech Future
Innovative Frontiers: AI Role in Redefining Retail Experiences
Micron Unveils 128GB DDR5 RDIMMs, Transforming Data Center Performance
Do you use Poisson, Gamma Regressions?
Microsoft   OpenAI
The Power of Chatbots in Handling Customer Queries
Microsoft Rebrands Bing Chat as  Copilot  in a Move to Unify AI Offerings
Bayesian AB Testing with Pyro
Can supercomputers give Europe an edge in the AI race?
Corporate, global leaders peer into a future expected to be reshaped by AI, for better or worse
Text-to-image AI models can be tricked into generating disturbing images
Data Visualization with KNIME
Accelerating PyTorch Training Workloads with FP8
BoostBot
LITEON showcased latest COOLITE liquid cooling solutions at SC 23
Google AI outperforms traditional weather forecasting: Accurate predictions 10 days ahead without a supercomputer
Meta Introduces New Generative AI Models, Emu Video & Emu Edit
GPT Unbound
Umbar Shakir, Gate One: Unlocking the power of generative AI ethically
Keepit to present and exhibit at Gartner IOCS 2023 in London
A cloud professional's cloud predictions for 2024
Formula God
OpenGPT catching up with OpenAI GPTs
Wall Street Bosses Turn to AI to Help Write Performance Reviews
One in 5 teens who have heard of ChatGPT say they've used it for schoolwork, study finds
How to use Copilot (formerly called Bing Chat)
Google Delays Gemini While Bard Continues to Hallucinate
The Promise and Progress of Generative AI
When AI Prefers Caucasian
Become a ChatGPT master with this $20 guide
Radical Transparency: The promise and peril of generative AI
Google delays cloud rollout of its GPT-4 competitor Gemini - Report
Online grocery startup Pricepally to expand in Nigeria backed by $1.3M funding
John Legend and Charli XCX agreed to have their voices cloned by YouTube. It's the start of an AI war among musicians.
The Download: what is death, and jailbreaking generative AI
Amazon's PartyRock Jams Past OpenAI
The secret environmental cost hiding inside your smart home device
A Microsoft Engineer's Guide to AI Innovation and Leadership
Kyutai is a French AI research lab with a $330 million budget that will make everything open source
Toku's AI platform predicts heart conditions by scanning inside your eye
Use This ChatGPT HACK to Organize Your Schedule
GPTsGarden
An approach for automatically determining the possible actions in computer game states
Internal memo: Amazon plans to cut several hundred roles in its Alexa division as part of a broader shift in priorities and a focus on generative AI (Todd Bishop/GeekWire)
Generative AI News This Week - OpenAI Hegemony, Copilots Everywhere, Unity, Picsart, Symphony AI and More
Forum Systems & NASCO announce strategic Generative AI partnership
Polywork - Personal website generator
Cybersecurity Lakehouses Best Practices Part 4: Data Normalization Strategies
You're stuck with Brussels : ex-Google CEO Eric Schmidt backs  300m French AI lab but warns against AI Act
The Case for Using AI to Log Your Every Living Moment
Salesforce Delivers 3M Upskilling Opportunities for Women in Indo-Pacific
NLP, NN, Time series: Is it possible to predict oil prices using data from Google Trends?
Meta unveils Emu Video and Emu Edit
CV2: Finding patterns on images
CogVLM, a Revolutionary Multimodal Model Introducing Deep Fusion
Mastering LLM Techniques: Inference Optimization
How to use ChatGPT to make charts and tables
Understanding Object Copying in Python
10 Machine Learning Roles Open at Hugging Face
Google DeepMind's AI Pop Star Clone Will Freak You Out
Robotic heart printed in one pass with new 3D printer
Meta AI's Emu Video and Emu Edit generate and edit video using only text
You win this street game by getting  hit  by a self-driving car
BrowserAI
NLP (doc2vec from scratch) & Clustering: Classification of news reports based on the content of the.
Incorporate ChatGPT Into Your Website With This WordPress Plugin
YouTube and Music Stars Preview Generative AI Experiments Developed with Google DeepMind
Private Preview: Build Real-Time AI Applications Using Only Python
Google DeepMind Launches Lyria, Transforming the Future of Music with AI
Billionaires Niel, Saad and Schmidt Invest in  300 Million AI Lab
[D] what are the latest trends /breakthroughs in low level architecture/operators composition?
Paper offers perspective on future of brain-inspired AI as Python code library passes major milestone
UK won't regulate AI anytime soon, minister says
Rapidus and Tenstorrent announced partnership
Neural Networks Simplified for Tenth Graders
The 5 Best Vector Databases You Must Try in 2024
Complete Website using HTML And CSS | CSS Project
You will be able to buy vehicles directly from Amazon next year, starting with Hyundai models
YouTube embraces generative AI
Meet mPLUG-Owl2: A Multi-Modal Foundation Model that Transforms Multi-modal Large Language Models (MLLMs) with Modality Collaboration
Algorithms Can't Replace Hollywood Yet, Just Ask AI Seinfeld
AI News Roundup: YouTube to Label Videos Altered by AI
Discord plans to shut down its ChatGPT-powered experimental chatbot Clyde on December 1; Discord started testing Clyde in March 2023 (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Google's ChatGPT Competitor Will Have to Wait
New Leica Camera Stops Deepfakes at the Shutter
[D] Hugging Face Models to AWS Sagemaker Endpoints: A MLOps Perspective
Generative AI: The teacher that can help close the skills gap?
The third-gen Apple AirPods are down to $140 in Amazon's Black Friday sale
Writer joins Davos, the Annual Meeting 2024 Unicorn Community
Meta's AI Image Editing Tool Allows You to Alter Objects Without Selecting Them
[R] Seeking input: transformer modification with 25-30% improvement in validation loss across 3 datasets
Multi-Query Attention Explained
HTML Web Components: An Example
Pro Weekly: Software Budgets Rising
New technique could boost AI learning on smartphones
Navigating the Cartographic Challenge: Halfway Through the #30DayMapChallenge
Hyperscience welcomes First Field Chief Technology Officer
I built an open source motion capture system that costs $20 and runs at 150fps! Details in comments
From Fake Drakes to Robo-Weathermen, Here Are the Top AI Stories You Missed This Week
Microsoft releases AI tool for photorealistic copying of faces and voices
Discord is already killing Clyde, its experimental OpenAI chatbot
Colossyan Creator Review: The Best AI Video Generator?
France's Macron warns against 'punitive' AI regulation
I quit my product manager job to start an AI company, and it felt like jumping off a cliff. Here's how I pivoted into tech's hottest field.
Sam Altman on AGI: Scaling large language models is not enough
Unravelling Complexity: A Novel Approach to Manifold Learning Using oise injection
Avidbots promotes Key Executive to Drive Growth and Scale
Snow Software unveiled Snow Copilot
Amazon Counters OpenAI's GPT Builder With AWS Bedrock Generative AI App Creator PartyRock
How we run our in-house generative AI accelerator: Framework for ideation
It's Time to Say Goodbye to Clyde, Discord's AI Chatbot
Stability AI Exec Quits in Disgust Over Using Copyrighted Works to Train AI
AI investment is growing, and so are the career opportunities
What you need to know about Wrike's new AI productivity features
Welcome To The Chip Wars, Microsoft
LLMWare Launches RAG-Specialized 7B Parameter LLMs: Production-Grade Fine-Tuned Models for Enterprise Workflows Involving Complex Business Documents
Methods for Modelling Customer Lifetime Value: The Good Stuff and the Gotchas
NVIDIA's Shield TV Pro drops to a record-low of $170 for Black Friday
Evaluation Metrics for Classification: Beyond Accuracy
Using AI to help dams run smarter
A stressed out rookie lawyer says he got fired after he used ChatGPT to do his job
AI-generated movie posters with Disney logos force Microsoft to alter Bing Image Creator
Applying OpenAI's RAG Strategies
New Frontiers in Generative AI   Far From the Cloud
Beyond the Checkered Flag: F1 Statistics Explored
What's new in TensorFlow 2.15
Skeleton-of-Thought: Parallel decoding speeds up and improves LLM output
Marketers have an important role to play in how AI serves society, according to the CMO of Indeed
Creating simple static server component
AI is outperforming our best weather forecasting tech, thanks to DeepMind
10 Ways Artificial Intelligence is Shaping Secure App Development
The State of Silicon and the GPU Poors - with Dylan Patel of SemiAnalysis
Are Globals in Python Really Global?
Join us at the third Women in ML Symposium!
Create a Movie Recommendation Engine with Milvus and Python
Amazon is laying off several hundred employees working on Alexa
Screens are good, actually
OpenAI's Whisper v3: Improved Speech Recognition for Business Applications
ResearchGPT
The data skills gap keeps getting bigger. Here's how one company is filling it
A peek into the future of visual data interpretation: A framework for assessing generative AI's efficacy
This Week in Apps: Apple's iPhone app of the year finalists, plus 7 hidden gems
Cloudera and NVIDIA Partner To Expand AI Capabilities
Hallucinating  AI models help coin Cambridge Dictionary's word of the year
Lawyer Fired for Using ChatGPT Says He Will Keep Using AI Tools
This AI Paper Introduces LLaVA-Plus: A General-Purpose Multimodal Assistant that Expands the Capabilities of Large Multimodal Models
This ChatGPT Frontend Clone was Coded by GPT4 Vision
Microsoft tweaks Bing AI tool amid concerns over Disney logo misuse
Serving a PyTorch Model with FastAPI and Docker
[N] DeepMind now can predict the weather with less computing power than other approaches
The Best of OpenAI's New GPTs, Ranked
Emerging practices for Society-Centered AI
Implementing Vision-Powered Chit-Chats with Robots: A GPT-4 Adventure
Creating an AWS Setup for Testing GraphDB and Generative AI Applications
YouTube Launching AI Tool That Clones Singers' Voices
Backfilling Mastery: Elevating Data Engineering Expertise
Sam Altman leaves OpenAI following a board review, which found that he wasn't consistently candid in his communications; CTO Mira Murati becomes interim CEO (OpenAI)
Sam Altman fired as CEO of OpenAI
Partition Strategies: Fundamental Concepts for PostgreSQL Partitioning
Sam Altman to Depart OpenAI, Mira Murati Will Be Interim CEO
Is there an AI that can help me not be mentally ill anymore?
Milvus Adventures Nov 17, 2023
[N] OpenAI Announces Leadership Transition, Fires Sam Altman
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman ousted as 'board no longer has confidence' in his leadership
OpenAI Fires CEO Sam Altman in Shocking Leadership Shuffle
Argentinian Presidential Candidate Uses AI-Generated Campaign Poster That Gives Him Gruesome Thumb
Sam Altman Out at OpenAI 'Effective Immediately'
Just to be clear, we have no idea why Sam Altman is out at OpenAI
This company is building AI for African languages
OpenAI fires CEO Sam Altman, citing less than  candid  communications
OpenAI Fires CEO Sam Altman
Beginner's Roadmap to Large Language Models (LLMOps) in 2023: All free!
OpenAI's Sam Altman Removed as CEO
Sam Altman is No Longer the CEO of OpenAI
Sam Altman ousted as OpenAI's CEO
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman Abruptly Pushed Out by Board
The tech world reacts in shock to Sam Altman's departure from OpenAI
In Huge Upset, OpenAI Fires Sam Altman
OpenAI CTO Mira Murati becomes its interim CEO; president Greg Brockman steps down as chairman of the board but remains in his role at the company (Jay Peters/The Verge)
Meet Sam Altman, the ex-OpenAI CEO who learned to code at 8 and is a doomsday prepper with a stash of guns and gold
Worldcoin's future remains uncertain after Sam Altman fired from OpenAI
OpenAI fires co-founder and CEO Sam Altman for allegedly lying to company board
OpenAI ousts its CEO, Sam Altman, the face of generative AI
Boosting Custom ROS Graphs Using NVIDIA Isaac Transport for ROS
Generative AI CEOs Upbeat For Call Centers
Paige Bailey: Pioneering Generative AI in Product Management at Google DeepMind
OpenAI ousts CEO Sam Altman - CTO Mira Murati appointed interim CEO
How much software engineering skills does it take to do a DS job?
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman Is Out After Losing Confidence of Board
Microsoft Has 'Utmost Confidence' in AI Developer Following CEO Ouster
OpenAI jettisons CEO Sam Altman for dishonesty
OpenAI board fires CEO: Control Altman, delete
Sam Altman out as OpenAI CEO after board loses confidence in him
Microsoft Rolls Out Host of New AI Features at Ignite 2023
Why are AI Products Doomed to Fail?
Getting Discovered: How to Submit Your AI Tool in a Directory
Sam Altman Out As OpenAI's CEO
Sam Altman Removed from OpenAI, Mira Murati Appointed Interim CEO
LastMile AI Releases AiConfig: An Open-Source Config-Driven, Source Control Friendly AI Application Development Framework
Mira Murati is OpenAI's new interim CEO. Here's what we know about the exec who replaces Sam Altman.
Transformers for Natural Language Reasoning and Automated Symbolic Reasoning Tasks
Amazon Researchers Propose KD-Boost: A Novel Knowledge Distillation Algorithm Designed for Real-Time Semantic Matching
What Do We Know About OpenAI's New CEO, Mira Murati?
Approximate-Predictions  Make Feature Selection Radically Faster
OpenAI Board Fires Sam Altman as CEO for Not Being  Consistently Candid
Who Is Mira Murati, OpenAI's New Interim CEO?
Meet SPHINX: A Versatile Multi-Modal Large Language Model (MLLM) with a Mixer of Training Tasks, Data Domains, and Visual Embeddings
OpenAI Co-Founder and Chief Scientist says that GPT's architecture, Transformers, can obviously get us to AGI
OpenAI board fires Sam Altman as CEO, begins search for successor
Who is Mira Murati, OpenAI's new interim CEO?
Sources: Mira Murati told staff in a companywide meeting that Satya Nadella expressed  utmost confidence  in OpenAI following the firing of Sam Altman (Erin Woo/The Information)
OpenAI President Brockman Resigns Following CEO Firing
OpenAI President Greg Brockman quits as nervous employees hold all-hands meeting
Satya Nadella says Microsoft has a  long-term agreement with OpenAI with full access to everything  it needs and remains  committed  to their partnership (The Official Microsoft Blog)
Greg Brockman quits OpenAI after abrupt firing of Sam Altman
OpenAI co-founder Greg Brockman is leaving, too
Meta figured out how to make better videos by turning text into images first
OpenAI chaos is good for Google, Amazon, and others trying to catch the AI leader
I honestly feel like I'm in way too deep
OpenAI co-founder and President Greg Brockman says he has quit the company  based on today's news  (Jay Peters/The Verge)
OpenAI President Greg Brockman posted that he's quitting following Sam Altman's abrupt ousting
Source: Sam Altman was in the middle of raising money for a new VC fund focusing on hard tech when OpenAI fired him (Semafor)
Turmoil at OpenAI: after firing Sam Altman, what's next for the home of ChatGPT?
Who Is Mira Murati, OpenAI's Interim CEO?
ChatGPT Is Apparently a Great Surveillance Tool
Meta unveils Emu Video: Text-to-Video Generation through Image Conditioning
Sam Altman fired as OpenAI CEO: the tech world reacts
WTF is going on at OpenAI? We have theories
Source: Microsoft learned that OpenAI was ousting CEO Sam Altman just a minute before the news was published (Ina Fried/Axios)
Before OpenAI Ousted Altman, Employees Disagreed Over AI 'Safety'
OpenAI Interim CEO Urges Focus, Stresses Microsoft Support
OpenAI President Brockman Says He's Quitting After Altman Ouster
OpenAI co-founder and President Greg Brockman says he has quit the company  based on today's news  (Greg Brockman/@gdb)
Greg Brockman Just Quit after They Fired Sam Altman
What Went Down at OpenAI
Cambridge Dictionary announces  hallucinate  as its 2023 word of the year, citing the word's new meaning in relation to generative AI (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
Learnova
Researchers from the University of Washington and Duke University Introduce Punica: An Artificial Intelligence System to Serve Multiple LoRA Models in a Shared GPU Cluster
Ashneer is no Altman
Can Mira Murati Save OpenAI?
Sources: key OpenAI investors, like Vinod Khosla and Reid Hoffman, who previously sat on its board of directors, didn't get advanced notice of Altman's firing (Forbes)
Researchers from SJTU China Introduce TransLO: A Window-Based Masked Point Transformer Framework for Large-Scale LiDAR Odometry
How can I put my data science/ML projects in my CV?
Seek AiTools
Emergency Pod: Sam Altman is Out at Open AI
[R] Lumos: Learning Agents with Unified Data, Modular Design, and Open-Source LLMs
Sam Altman's OpenAI Exit Reorders Silicon Valley's Power Dynamics
Greg Brockman describes Ilya Sutskever's role in Sam Altman's firing and Brockman's removal from the OpenAI board, as well as Mira Murati's foreknowledge (Greg Brockman/@gdb)
Parallelising Python on Spark: Options for concurrency with Pandas
Source: Ilya Sutskever and his allies on the OpenAI board may have been put off by Sam Altman looking to raise funds for new companies off of OpenAI's name (Bloomberg)
A look at OpenAI's unusual independent board of directors, which includes Quora CEO Adam D'Angelo, entrepreneur Tasha McCauley, and Georgetown's Helen Toner (Forbes)
Why OpenAI Fired Sam Altman   And What Happens Next in the AI World
Check out this Free AI Webinar, 'How to Chat with Images Data Using New GPT-4 Vision API' [Date: Nov 20, 10 am PST]
Sources: three senior OpenAI researchers resign, including Director of Research Jakub Pachocki, and Head of Preparedness Aleksander Madry (Jon Victor/The Information)
Make Your Dev Life Easier by Generating Tests with CodiumAI
[D] Tsetlin Machines, anyone heard of it?
Developing a Company-Specific ChatGPT is One-Third Technology and Two-Thirds Process Improvements
New IDC Survey: 75% Expect to Gain Value from AI Decision Making
3 senior OpenAI researchers resign in the wake of Sam Altman's shock dismissal as CEO, report says
More and More Researchers Resign As OpenAI Drama Unfolds
News anchors targeted by deepfake scammers on Facebook
Meet JARVIS-1: Open-World Multi-Task Agents with Memory-Augmented Multimodal Language Models
Hyperparameter Tuning: Neural Networks 101
Microsoft CEO reaffirms 'long-term agreement' with OpenAI, but doesn't mention Sam Altman's recent firing in statement
maths.ai
A Stability executive quit after saying that generative AI 'exploits creators.' It could spell trouble for AI companies.
Deciphering the 2023 Data Job Market: Do the Numbers Suggest Oversaturation or Opportunity?
Ilya Fired Sam Altman on Google Meet
OpenAI's leadership shakeup could signal a shift in focus from market dominance to AI safety
Is This the End of OpenAI as We Know it?
Microsoft is Making Employees Super Lazy
ChatGPT-maker OpenAI fires CEO Sam Altman, the face of the AI boom, for lack of candor with company
Sam Altman was 'shocked and saddened' by OpenAI's decision to fire him
Three Senior OpenAI Researchers Resign as Crisis Deepens
OpenAI CEO Ouster Followed Debates Between Altman, Board
Tensorflow or Pytorch
What We Know About Sam Altman's Ouster From OpenAI
Researchers tried to automate their work with AI. It didn't go as planned.
Details emerge of surprise board coup that ousted CEO Sam Altman at OpenAI
Source: Ilya Sutskever defended Altman's ouster at an all-hands meeting, saying it was necessary to protect OpenAI's mission of making AI beneficial to humanity (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
AI Can Do Your Admin Tasks, Britain Tells Its Public Workers
PubMedBERT Embeddings - Semantic search and retrieval augmented generation for medical literature
Argentina's election has become a testing ground for use of AI in campaigns, as candidates use AI-created media to promote themselves and attack their opponent (New York Times)
Automating Chemical Entity Recognition: Creating Your ChemNER Model
Researchers tried to build an autonomous scientist with AI. How'd it go?
OpenAI fires CEO Sam Altman, other senior figures quit in response
'Please regulate AI:' Artists push for U.S. copyright reforms but tech industry says not so fast
Here's how the rise of generative AI could change a core investing strategy
312 Stories To Learn About Future
SAG-AFTRA's new contract hinges on studios acting responsibly with AI
[R] cdsBERT - Extending Protein Language Models with Codon Awareness
What are some math-heavy areas of DL research?
[P] I built SRec.ai, a Steam video game recommender (details on comment)
How I Got a Data Analyst Job in 6 Months
DS Professionalism: Notebook best practices
Do Pixel 8 AI-edited photos have to be labeled as synthetic content on YouTube? YouTube is still figuring it out.
Artificial Intelligence in Analytics
Democratizing Data: How Apple and UW's Data Filtering Networks Redefine Large-Scale Training Sets
The nonprofits accelerating Sam Altman's AI vision
Statistical Shrinkage (3)
Connecting Alpine.js to a Database REST API: A Simple Guide
Prompt Engineering for Arithmetic Reasoning Problems
This Subtle but Fundamental Conflict Made OpenAI Break Up With Sam Altman
I revived ValleyRAG in PartyRock to find the rumors behind OpenAI CEO's firing. LLMFAO!
Deal Dive: An AI application that isn't just marginally better
Sam Altman's Sudden Exit Sends Shockwaves Through OpenAI and Beyond
The History of Open-Source LLMs: Better Base Models (Part Two)
Complete Responsive Food / Restaurant Website Design Using HTML, CSS And JAVASCRIPT
Building An Expert GPT in Physics-Informed Neural Networks, with GPTs
A Practitioner's Guide to Reinforcement Learning
Flow
Researchers from Vanderbilt University and UC Davis Introduce PRANC: A Deep Learning Framework that is Memory-Efficient during both the Learning and Reconstruction Phases
The tech community says Altman's ouster is a 'hostile takeover' and a 'coup.' Here's what we know.
OpenAI memo: Altman's firing was not due to  malfeasance  or related to financial, business, safety, or security practices but a  breakdown in communication  (Axios)
The End of OpenAI Hegemony
Build Your First Django App: Beginner's Guide
Anthropic Backer LG Technology Ventures Forms $309 Million Fund
Meta disbanded its Responsible AI team
A profile of Ilya Sutskever, who left Google in 2015 to become OpenAI's co-founder and chief scientist at Elon Musk's urging, and is now focused on AI safety (Steve Mollman/Fortune)
This AI Paper Introduces LCM-LoRA: Revolutionizing Text-to-Image Generative Tasks with Advanced Latent Consistency Models and LoRA Distillation
It's Time For A Change: datetime.utcnow() Is Now Deprecated
The Chosen One: Generating Consistent Characters from Text Descriptions Using AI
Chosun University Researchers Introduce a Machine Learning Framework for Precise Localization of Bleached Corals Using Bag-of-Hybrid Visual Feature Classification
OpenAI Board Being Pressed by Some Investors to Reinstate Altman
Sam Altman 'was working on new venture' before sacking from OpenAI
Made a custom scripting language in one day :)
Meta Splits Up Its Responsible AI Team
OpenAI board attempts to hit  Ctrl-Z  in talks with Altman to return as CEO
Microsoft CEO was 'blindsided,' furious at Altman's firing
Sources: Sam Altman and Greg Brockman are in the process of pitching a new AI startup to investors (New York Times)
OpenAI's $86 Billion Share Sale in Jeopardy Following Altman Firing
Sam Altman Is Said to Be Discussing Return to OpenAI With Company's Board
Sam Altman's firing jeopardizes the sale of OpenAI employees' shares; a source says the tender offer values OpenAI at ~$86B and was set to happen in December (Kate Clark/The Information)
Meta split up its Responsible AI team, moving most of its members to the generative AI team it formed in February, and others to an AI infrastructure unit (Kalley Huang/The Information)
What Sam Altman's Firing Means for the Future of OpenAI
The Fear and Tension That Led to Sam Altman's Ouster at OpenAI
Ousted OpenAI CEO Sam Altman plans new AI venture with former president Greg Brockman
A timeline of Sam Altman's firing from OpenAI   and the fallout
OpenAI Board in Talks With Sam Altman to Return as CEO: Verge
Meet Tarsier: An Open Source Python Library to Enable Web Interaction with Multi-Modal LLMs like GPT4
Overriding RStudio Desktop's Font Picker
OpenAI board in discussions with Sam Altman to return as CEO
A look at the challenges that OpenAI and its new CEO Mura Murati face in assuaging staff and investors, raising new funding, attracting AI talent, and more (Steven Levy/Wired)
Which platform do you use for your hobby projects? (Colab pro, sagemaker, azure etc.)
OpenAI Co-Founder Altman Plans New Venture
Internal memo says Sam Altman's firing wasn't due to 'malfeasance' or OpenAI safety practices
[D] why falcon-180b ranking has dramatically decreased?
OpenAI's board is no match for investors' wrath
Sources: OpenAI got only a fraction of Microsoft's $10B investment and a big portion of the funding is in cloud purchases, giving Microsoft significant leverage (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
Achieving Structured Reasoning with LLMs in Chaotic Contexts with Thread of Thought Prompting and.
Palo Alto Networks Introduce the Cortex XSIAM 2.0 Platform: Featuring a Unique Bring-Your-Own-Machine-Learning (BYOML) Framework
Birds in atmosphere
Amazon cuts  hundreds  from its Alexa team to  maximize resources  on generative AI
OpenAI ousted CEO Sam Altman, but is reportedly reconsidering the move
Altman Decision Looms as Sequoia, Tiger Negotiate Behind Scenes
The Perpetual Rise of Sam Altman Takes an Unexpected Turn
The most surprising detail of Altman's ouster might be the fact that OpenAI fired him over a Google Meet call
Germany, France, and Italy reach a deal on AI regulation, including binding voluntary commitments for AI providers, which could accelerate EU negotiations (Andreas Rinke/Reuters)
Sam Altman's Ousting and Possible Return to OpenAI: What We Know
Understanding Array Shapes in NumPy
Sources: Satya Nadella has been in touch with Sam Altman and pledged to support Altman with whatever steps he takes next (Bloomberg)
Source: Sam Altman has been in discussions with semiconductor companies, including Arm, on Friday morning about efforts to design new chips that lower LLM costs (Kate Clark/The Information)
OpenAI investors pushing to reinstate Sam Altman as OpenAI's CEO after he was booted from the role: reports
OpenAI fires CEO Sam Altman, Airbnb acquires GamePlanner.AI, and Epic battles Google over antitrust
[D] Simplest mathematical example of a function that can only be solved by gradient descent
Sources: OpenAI investors discussed reinstating Sam Altman by threatening OpenAI with mass revolt by staff, withholding Microsoft cloud credits, and a lawsuit (Forbes)
Sources: the OpenAI board is in discussions with Sam Altman to return as CEO; source: Altman is  ambivalent  about coming back and would want governance changes (The Verge)
Ousted OpenAI C.E.O. Makes Plans for New Artificial Intelligence Company
UC Berkeley Researchers Propose an Artificial Intelligence Algorithm that Achieves Zero-Shot Acquisition of Goal-Directed Dialogue Agents
Model weights
Titan LLM, Amazon Bedrock Use Cases, and Generative AI Tech Breakdown with Sherry Marcus
Sources: in a memo, OpenAI Chief Strategy Officer Jason Kwon told employees that the company is  optimistic  it can bring back Sam Altman and Greg Brockman (Erin Woo/The Information)
How Artificial Intelligence is Revolutionizing the Aviation Industry: Insights from myEnvoyAir
OpenAI potentially considering reinstating its freshly-ousted CEO Sam Altman
India Wins the ICC Men's ODI World Cup 2023
[D] Skill Creep in ML/DL Roles - is the field getting not just more competitive, but more difficult?
OpenAI 'Optimistic' It Can Bring Back Sam Altman, Greg Brockman
Developing Your First Neural Network in PyTorch
OpenAI investors push for return of ousted CEO Sam Altman
Timescale Introduces Dynamic PostgreSQL, an Alternative to Serverless Databases
Weekly GPTs Roundup
New Package, New Book!
What aspects or tasks make you happy in your data science role?
I Promise, this Editorial is NOT About OpenAI
Open Empathic project aims to make AI more emotionally intelligent - and you can help
[P] Diffusion Models | Math Explained in 29 minutes and 7 Questions
Behind the Scenes: Exploring Powerful Backend Frameworks
Meta Unveils Emu Video and Emu Edit: Pioneering Advances in Text-to-Video Generation and Precision Image Editing
Start using Liquid Clustering instead of Partitioning for Delta tables in Databricks
The latest Google phone promises to transform my children into perfect, smiling angels. Why would I want that? | Tom Whyman
Meta splits Responsible AI team between generative AI and AI infrastructure
OpenAI 'Optimistic' on Return of Altman, Brockman: Information
See inside Nvidia's giant 'Voyager' HQ &mdash; a futuristic office where work meets nature
I crafted AI Portal Gun a friendly open-source guide for mastering AI. It's packed with free resources like books, courses, articles, research papers, codes, projects, and more. [Discussion]
South African university students use AI to help them understand   not to avoid work
Weather forecasts may soon get better   with the help of AI
Why bringing people back from the dead with AI is just an extension of our grieving practices
Nvidia RTX 5000 graphics cards to offer DisplayPort 2.1 and PCIe 5.0 support, be built on TSMC 3nm node
Rest easy, child. AGI will take it from here.
Sam Altman was the trusted face of AI. His firm, though, is much more complex
Intermediate HTML and CSS Course | Day 1
OpenAI's internal drama unfolds as investors and employees push for Altman's return
5 Common CSS Mistakes: What to Avoid for Clean & Efficient Code | Part 1
Data Machina #228
OpenAI is 'optimistic' that it can bring ousted CEO Sam Altman and other senior figures back, The Information reported
Insurance Customer Lifetime Value Prediction & Segmentation
Practical Tips for Finetuning LLMs Using LoRA (Low-Rank Adaptation)
Humane's AI Pin seems to be forgetting what makes a good wearable
France, Germany and Italy join forces to propose unified AI regulation in the EU
AI artwork is a potential boon for the public domain and may serve as an antidote to the US copyright system, which some see as onerous and overly restrictive (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
From Beginner to Pro with LLMs in 2023   Learn for Free!
Altman's Friends and Foes: Who's Who in OpenAI Drama
For which tasks is artificial intelligence least well suited?
Python's New Security Developer Has Plans to Secure the Language
Google wants a slice of the AI holiday shopping pie, too
OpenAI's shakeup and the left turn in the narrative
120 Stories To Learn About Future Technology
122 Stories To Learn About Futurism
China, Chips and Archery: Inside a Mystery AI Event in the Utah Mountains
Inside Brex and Ramp's AI ambitions
Fear that AI could one day destroy humanity may have led to Sam Altman's (potentially brief) ouster from OpenAI
UnitedHealthcare accused of using AI that denies critical medical care coverage
AI: How it hands power to machines to transform the way we view the world
Jeremy Hunt to announce US-inspired science and technology scheme
33 Stories To Learn About Smart Cities
Advent Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence Advent Calendar 2023
This Simple Resume Got Me a Google DeepMind Interview
Have a live conversation about a basketball game with GPT4V, Whisper, TTS
OpenAI's leadership drama underscores why its GPT model security needs fixing
AI Generation
Do These 5 Simple Things to Make Your Data Scientist Resume Stand Out From the Crowd
A Developer's Dilemma: Navigating Rust   and Python
MIT Researchers Introduce MechGPT: A Language-Based Pioneer Bridging Scales, Disciplines, and Modalities in Mechanics and Materials Modeling
Altman Sought Billions For AI Chip Venture Before OpenAI Ouster
NVIDIA Researchers Introduce a GPU Accelerated Weighted Finite State Transducer (WFST) Beam Search Decoder Compatible with Current CTC Models
After testing ChatGPT, Boston officials worry Biden's AI directive could limit its benefits
[R] GOAT: GO to Any Thing
Kyutai AI research lab with a $330M budget that will make everything open source
If you moved from academia to q data science industry, what was the biggest adjustment for you?
OpenAI's Rivals Rush to Poach Staff After Altman Ouster
20 Best ChatGPT Prompts for Start-Ups
The Guardian view on new dictionary words: a parlour game that can clarify a scary reality | Editorial
Prompting GPT-4 for On-The-Fly Multi-Visualization Dashboards
Sources: before his ouster, Sam Altman was trying to raise money in the Middle East for a venture, codenamed Tigris, to produce TPUs and compete with Nvidia (Bloomberg)
PartyRock With Leftovers!
Is there a rule of thumb for the amount of rows you should have for each fearure you have in the dataset?
AI is now accessible to everyone: 3 things parents should teach their kids
[D] Between Coursera and Google Cloud Skill boost, what's best to prepare for the ML Engineer Professional exam?
Sam Altman kicked off a flood of    emoji posts from OpenAI executives. Can someone just tell us if he's coming back or not?
What is Transfer Learning in Deep Learning?
VCs weigh in on the chaos unfolding at OpenAI, rallying behind ousted CEO Sam Altman: 'I hope the board can get its act together'
OpenAI Execs Invite Altman, Brockman to Headquarters in Push to Reinstate Them
Elon Musk says the risk of advanced AI is so high that the public needs to know why OpenAI fired Sam Altman
OpenAI Negotiations to Reinstate Altman Hit Snag Over Board Role
The OpenAI Drama Confirms an Open Secret That Finally Defeats the AGI Dream
Semantic Hearing: A Machine Learning-Based Novel Capability for Hearable Devices to Focus on or Ignore Specific Sounds in Real Environments while Maintaining Spatial Awareness
Unique HTML Attributes You Should Know About
Do Kaggle competitions still interest you?
The biggest potential loser of the OpenAI fiasco wasn't Sam Altman. It was Satya Nadella.
Sam Altman and Greg Brockman are meeting with OpenAI execs now at HQ in ongoing talks over reinstatement
Creating a Sidebar with Active Links
Unboxing Weights, Biases, Loss : Hone in on Deep Learning
Talks to Bring Sam Altman Back to OpenAI Stretch Through Weekend
How OpenAI's Bizarre Structure Gave 4 People the Power to Fire Sam Altman
The Doomed Mission Behind Sam Altman's Shock Ouster From OpenAI
Microsoft Eyes Seat on OpenAI's Revamped Board
Tech giants join Cambridge University's Founders initiative for startup acceleration
5-minute map
[D] What would you do if you had access to a database of hundreds of thousands of questions and answers?
[D] An intuitive explanation of what Self Attention really does
FastAPI Template for LLM SaaS Part 1   Auth and File Upload
I don't think there is much to do for the small guys in deep learning anymore.
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's ejection sparks theories as odd as some ChatGPT output
Training SegFormer for Person Segmentation
[P] Practical Tips for Finetuning LLMs Using LoRA (Low-Rank Adaptation): Things I Learned From Hundreds of Experiments
Reining in the BS in AI
Reverse-engineering GPTs for fun and data
Cruise CEO Vogt Resigns After California License Suspended
Cruise co-founder and CEO Kyle Vogt resigns
Data at a Glance: Creating Dynamic Dashboards for Data Analytics
How generative AI changes the data journey
ExLlamaV2: The Fastest Library to Run LLMs
Source: a number of announcements at DevDay infuriated OpenAI chief scientist Ilya Sutskever, like custom GPTs that OpenAI has said may one day run autonomously (Bloomberg)
Junior or mid level data scientists/ ML engineers in large companies or MNCs, what are your day to day tasks?
Altman's Worldcoin Token Goes on a Wild Ride Around OpenAI Drama
Sources describe how ChatGPT's success widened ideological rifts at OpenAI, and Ilya Sutskever began behaving like a spiritual leader expecting AGI's arrival (The Atlantic)
How to apply design thinking in data science
Meet GO To Any Thing (GOAT): A Universal Navigation System that can Find Any Object Specified in Any Way- as an Image, Language, or a Category- in Completely Unseen Environments
Zhejiang University Researchers Propose UrbanGIRAFFE to Tackle Controllable 3D Aware Image Synthesis for Challenging Urban Scenes
This AI Paper from MIT Introduces a Novel Approach to Robotic Manipulation: Bridging the 2D-to-3D Gap with Distilled Feature Fields and Vision-Language Models
Data Scientists already in the industry more than a couple of years, are you actively learning LLM frameworks? If so, how? If no, why?
Source: OpenAI board members seek to hire their own CEO to succeed Sam Altman; sources: Mira Murati plans to rehire Altman and Greg Brockman in some capacity (Bloomberg)
Cruise's C.E.O. Quits as the Driverless Carmaker Aims to Rebuild Trust
Cruise co-founder and CEO Kyle Vogt resigns, a month after California's DMV suspended Cruise's permits to operate self-driving cars on public roads (TechCrunch)
David Attenborough finds the AI version of himself 'personally distressing'
Quoting Inside the Chaos at OpenAI
Inside the Chaos at OpenAI
Ex-OpenAI CEO Sam Altman Joins Microsoft
AstraZeneca Starts Health-Tech Business to Add AI to Pharma
5 Free Courses to Master Generative AI
Microsoft hires ex-OpenAI leaders Altman and Brockman to lead new AI team
Chatty Tutor
'Lost Time for No Reason:' How Driverless Taxis Are Stressing Cities
Why was Sam Altman fired from OpenAI?
OpenAI's Interim CEO to Probe 'Badly Handled' Altman Exit
From BBG:  The Doomed Mission Behind Sam Altman's Shock Ouster From OpenAI  [N]
Temasek-Backed Chinese Startup Is Augmented Reality's Newest Unicorn
Microsoft Supercharges Quantum Computing With AI Integration
Stop the OpenAI Drama, Please
OpenAI's new CEO is Twitch co-founder Emmett Shear
Microsoft snatches Sam Altman and former OpenAI colleagues to form its own AI research team
Make Notion search great again: Vector Database
Unleashing the Power of ChatGPT: A Comprehensive JavaScript Example
Source: dozens of OpenAI employees internally announced they are quitting after Ilya Sutskever told them that Sam Altman won't return (Amir Efrati/The Information)
Microsoft Strikes Back at OpenAI, Hiring Altman and Brockman
Nvidia's stock-price surge means CEO Jensen Huang is richer than Nike founder Phil Knight and hedge-fund legend Ken Griffin
Build A Stunning Generative AI App with a React IDE
AR industry to benefit from Meta-MediaTek collaboration: GlobalData
OpenAI Board Says Sam Altman Will Not Return as C.E.O.
How to use LLMs for real-time alerting
OpenAI Episode 4: Sam Altman and Greg Brockman, together with colleagues, will be joining Microsoft
Mastering Mage AI Generator: A Comprehensive Guide
GPT: Dare to Flirt
[R] Investigating the Emergent Audio Classification Ability of ASR Foundation Models
Sam Altman, Greg Brockman join Microsoft
How to Create an OHLC Chart in JavaScript
YOLO Vulnerabilities Underscore Necessity for Open Source Auditing
Emmett Shear, OpenAI's new interim CEO, shares Sam Altman's worry that AI could destroy all life
Sam Altman is out of OpenAI and has joined Microsoft. Here's a full timeline of the chaos that landed him there.
Sam Altman joins Microsoft to lead new artificial intelligence team following OpenAI firing
Sam Altman joins Microsoft as OpenAI board appoints Emmett Shear as CEO
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman lands new job at Microsoft after surprise firing
Microsoft hires former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman after a weekend of chaos
Meta Wants to Build Generative AI But Not Responsibly
A New AI Research Releases SWIM-IR: A Large-Scale Synthetic Multilingual Retrieval Dataset with 28 Million Training Pairs over 33 Languages
OpenAI's new CEO Emmett Shear said the company handled Sam Altman's ousting 'very badly' and 'seriously damaged our trust'
OpenAI Episode 3: Mr. Altman will not return as CEO; former Twitch CEO Emmett Shear will be its interim boss.
The Brains Behind Sam Altman's Firing
The Future of AI Startups: Explainability Is Your Competitive Edge
The creepy AI-driven surveillance that may be infiltrating your workplace
More than half of tech workers think AI is overrated, study finds
Humane's AI Pin, marketed as a fashion accessory, is effectively a high-tech brooch, typically worn with outwear, which may present challenges in hot climates (Victoria Song/The Verge)
Sam Altman and Greg Brockman join Microsoft, Emmett Shear appointed CEO of OpenAI
AR industry to benefit from Meta-MediaTek chip collaboration: GlobalData
Not much is changing, a lot is changing
Bookshlf
Researchers from the University of Toronto Unveil a Surprising Redundancy in Large Materials Datasets and the Power of Informative Data for Enhanced Machine Learning Performance
Satya Nadella says Sam Altman, Greg Brockman, and some OpenAI staff will join a Microsoft  advanced AI research team  and Microsoft remains committed to OpenAI (Manish Singh/TechCrunch)
OpenAI is bleeding talent in the wake of Sam Altman's ouster
Microsoft Unveils Azure Custom Chips: Revolutionizing Cloud Computing and AI Capabilities
Sam Altman & Greg Brockman are joining Microsoft
AI's influence and the future of privacy
Microsoft Swallows OpenAI's Core Team   GPU Capacity, Incentive Structure, Intellectual Property, OpenAI Rump State
Microsoft hires former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman
How to land a job in AI at Nvidia, according to its top recruiter
Microsoft Says Altman, Brockman Will Lead New In-House AI Team
[N] Sam Altman and Greg Brockman, together with colleagues, will join Microsoft to lead new advanced AI research team
Microsoft hires Sam Altman to lead advanced AI research team after OpenAI ousting   business live
Former OpenAI boss Sam Altman will join Microsoft
Which is the best LLM on the market?
Nvidia Partners With Alphabet Spinoff on Drug Discovery Tech
OpenAI staff release a letter, signed by Ilya Sutskever and 490+ others, saying they may quit and join Sam Altman unless the board resigns and reappoints Altman (Wired)
Is Meta Llama Truly Open Source?
OpenAI's Front Men Break Up the Band
Back to Basics Week 3: Introduction to Machine Learning
Tools and Methodologies for Studying Causal Effects
Optimize your ChatGPT prompts with DeepMind's OPRO technique
Analyzing the Sam Altman-OpenAI saga: nonprofit issues, OpenAI giving for-profit work to Microsoft, staff exits, Altman's motivations, and the new AI landscape (Ben Thompson/Stratechery)
Microsoft is on pace to add nearly $50 billion worth of market cap after hiring former OpenAI boss Sam Altman
The Winners and Losers of OpenAI's Wild Weekend
A look at the AI Security Summit, an invite-only event hosted by Scale AI to discuss AI's security issues, with 100+ executives, VCs, and officials attending (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
OpenAI Assistant vs RAG Part 1: Significant Limitations and Possibilities
Abstracts: November 20, 2023
This is the wildest coup in Silicon Valley history
Top 7 AI-Enhanced Database Tools for Next-Level Development
Bootcamps don't teach you this...
Microsoft recruits former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Co-Founder Greg Brockman
OpenAI Staff Threaten to Quit Unless Board Resigns
ChatGPT was Sam Altman's biggest achievement at OpenAI &ndash; and probably triggered his downfall
Most of OpenAI's staff threatens to quit unless the board resigns and reinstates Sam Altman as CEO
AssemblyAI is now on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Marketplace
Emmett Shear Says He Became OpenAI's Interim CEO,  Rapidly and Unexpectedly
Wall Street banks want AI to write performance reviews
Former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman Hired by Microsoft
Guest Post: Creating your first Data Labeling Agent*
It wasn't bad, just unrealistic.
What is CRISP ML(Q) in Machine Learning
Microsoft Emerges as the Winner in OpenAI Chaos
Twitch co-founder Emmett Shear confirms appointment as new OpenAI CEO
Synthetic imagery sets new bar in AI training efficiency
10 Reasons for Choosing API7
OpenAI workers threaten to quit if Sam Altman is not reinstated as CEO
The Download: digital hide-and-seek, and AI for African languages
'Lost Time for No Reason': How Driverless Taxis Are Stressing Cities
Hundreds of OpenAI employees threaten to resign and join Microsoft
Startups must add AI value beyond ChatGPT integration
OpenAI co-founder Ilya Sutskever says he  deeply regrets  his  participation in the board's actions  and  never intended to harm OpenAI  (Ilya Sutskever/@ilyasut)
A look at OpenAI's wild weekend, as an internal debate over its future became public; investors say OpenAI still has not said why Altman was fired so abruptly (Financial Times)
Mastering Python Operators: A Comprehensive Guide to Power Your Code
Ugh, Monday!
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman Joins Microsoft as CEO of New Group, Twitch Co-Founder Emmett Shear Now OpenAI CEO
Over half of all tech industry workers view AI as overrated
Microsoft Hires OpenAI CEO Sam Altman
IBM Study: Businesses Work on Adapting to Generative AI, Hybrid Cloud
The Morning After: Microsoft recruits recently fired OpenAI CEO, Sam Altman
11 Fun Python Libraries to make your day better
GPT-4, 128K context - it is not big enough
Microsoft on Pace to Hit All-Time High After Hiring OpenAI's Sam Altman
OpenAI's wild weekend just upended the world of AI
ChatGPT's father Sam Altman was ousted by OpenAI's board then took a top job at Microsoft over the weekend. Here's how investors, analysts, and insiders reacted to the drama.
Lasso Security emerges from stealth to wrangle LLM security
Elon Musk takes a dig at Sam Altman saying he'll have to use Microsoft Teams after he was fired on Google Meet
US stocks rise to start short trading week as investors assess rate outlook
OpenAI cofounder and chief scientist says he deeply regrets participating in ousting Sam Altman
The Machine Ethics Podcast: the state of AI ethics with Alice Thwaite
Amazon will host free 'AI Ready' courses in an effort to attract new talent
Most OpenAI Staff Threaten to Quit After Microsoft Hires Sam Altman
A Welcome Letter.
Ferramentas que voc pode usar para praticar Python online
Inside OpenAI's chaotic weekend: The Sam Altman dismissal to Emmett Shear's appointment
Heart emojis, confusion, and a wave of support for Sam Altman. Here's what OpenAI employees are saying about Altman's shock ousting.
Your KDnuggets Post   Why You Should Not Overuse List Comprehensions in Python
Two more top execs leave Stability AI
Microsoft dials back Bing after users manage to recreate Disney logo in fake AI-generated images
Sam Altman's OpenAI exit leads to rollercoaster for sector
Microsoft stock recovers from weekend decline after hiring OpenAI's leaders
Most of OpenAI's employees threaten to quit if Sam Altman isn't reappointed CEO
Cruise CEO resigns after all of the company's robotaxis were forced to stop operating
Breaking report: 505 of 700 employees at OpenAI, including co-founder Illya Sutskever, tell the remaining board to resign
Rockset boosts AI capabilities for vector database search
Sam Altman's AI 'mission continues' at Microsoft, future of OpenAI and ChatGPT uncertain
The War Within OpenAI and What Comes Next
A backyard factory: How robots empower you to create your own products
5 Best Media Kit Generators
NVIDIA Releases AI Ethernet Networking For Dell, HP, and Lenovo
OpenAI Wants Sam Altman Back, but Microsoft Has Altman's Back
Microsoft is the only real winner in the OpenAI debacle
OpenAI Staff Threaten to Go to Microsoft If Board Doesn't Quit
How LinkedIn Overcame Challenges of Building Generative AI
Rockset Primes Database for Massive Vector Serving
Junior Web Developers Survival Guide
Microsoft Immediately Hires Sam Altman After He's Fired by OpenAI
Early Bird Pricing Now Open for Hands-on Training at GTC
Effective accelerationism, doomers, decels, and how to flaunt your AI priors
Countless hours of LAPD body camera videos go unwatched. Could AI be the answer?
Lifelong model editing in large language models: Balancing low-cost targeted edits and catastrophic forgetting
Transforming Industrial Defect Detection with NVIDIA TAO and Vision AI Models
Amazon Shuts Down Hundreds of Alexa Positions
OpenAI's board: From AI safety to mutiny | The AI Beat
How Headline is using AI to make better investment decisions
OpenAI's Board Set Back the Promise of Artificial Intelligence
Meet Emmett Shear, OpenAI's 'Highly Intelligent, Socially Awkward' Interim CEO
Berlin-based AI venture studio Merantix is raising a new  100m fund to co-invest in startups
How to Get Data Warehouse Performance on the Data Lakehouse
Java News Roundup: Spring Framework 6.1, Spring Data 2023.1, Payara Platform, JEPs for JDK 22
OpenAI staff threaten to leave if ousted CEO Altman is not reinstated
Anyone ever work somewhere with good executives?
The biggest moments at the Dubai Airshow, as Boeing beats Airbus, Emirates criticizes Rolls Royce, and Israeli companies' stands lay empty
MetaDreamer generates 3D models from text in record time
AI system self-organizes to develop features of brains of complex organisms
Design Patterns Q&A - Q3 - What is pattern language?
Hundreds of OpenAI staff threaten mass exodus to join ex-CEO
Enhance Your Python Coding Style with Ruff
5 Best Black Friday Sales for AI Tools
OpenAI staff threaten to quit en masse unless Sam Altman is reinstated
AI hallucinations pose 'direct threat' to science, Oxford study warns
9 Sessions from ODSC West That We Can't Stop Talking About
OpenAI employees revolt after board names new CEO and Altman heads to Microsoft
Cruise CEO Kyle Vogt Resigns After Vehicles Deemed Public Safety Hazard
FLaNK Stack Weekly for 20 Nov 2023
Use of AI could create a four-day week for almost one-third of workers
What's next for OpenAI
AI Art Generators Can Be Fooled Into Making NSFW Images
Last Week in AI #246: OpenAI fires CEO Sam Altman, UnitedHealth AI faces lawsuit over elderly care denial, DeepMind defines AGI, YouTube's AI music tools, and more!
What Sam Altman's move to Microsoft means for ChatGPT's future: 3 possible paths forward
Forbes is shutting down its investing app &mdash; consider these 7 alternative automated investing apps
The Tech Veteran Tapped to Replace Sam Altman at OpenAI
Exploring Julia Programming Language: Application Programming Interface (API) Part 1
Amazon's offering free courses on generative AI
Microsoft emerges as ultimate winner in OpenAI power struggle, shares jump 1 percent
[R] LLMs cannot find reasoning errors, but can correct them!
'I'm a Doomer': OpenAI's New Interim CEO Wants to Slow AI Progress Down
The Age of AI has begun in the Economic Revolution
OpenAI employees wanted Bret Taylor to join a new board. He's no longer expected to do so, insiders say.
Ilya Sutskever and 700+ out of ~770 OpenAI staffers sign a letter saying say they may quit and join Sam Altman unless the board resigns and reinstates Altman (Bloomberg)
Researchers seek consensus on what constitutes Artificial General Intelligence
Sources: Sam Altman's move to Microsoft is not a done deal; he and Brockman are open to returning to OpenAI if the remaining board members who fired him resign (The Verge)
Is Serverless Hard To Adopt?
Amazon aims to provide free AI skills training to 2M people by 2025
Altman Joins New Microsoft Venture;   Hundreds Of OpenAI Employees Threaten To Quit
Enterprise Generative AI Enters Its Citizen Development Era
Who Broke The OpenAI GPT Builder And How?
Simmunome and Mila Announce Partnership to Advance AI in Drug Development
With all eyes on OpenAI, Meta drags its Responsible AI team to the recycle bin
The 5 Pillars of Trustworthy LLM Testing
Powder, an AI clipping tool for gaming, can detect when a creator yells during a stream
Why you should care about Sam Altman, Microsoft, and the OpenAI CEO mess
Don't expect competition authorities to wade into the Microsoft-OpenAI power-play   yet
How Twilio is using AI to help businesses understand their customers and deliver tailored experiences
Amazon launches AI Ready, a program with free AI classes that aims to train at least 2M people by 2025 on basic to advanced AI skills (Wall Street Journal)
The plot thickens.
C3.ai Fires Workers, Telling Staff of Need for Cost Savings
Sam Altman moves to Microsoft after OpenAI fires him as CEO
An AI expert discusses the hardware and infrastructure needed to properly run and train AI models
Everything You Need to Know About the Ridiculously Chaotic 'Coup,' Implosion, and Counter-Revolution at OpenAI
How to ACTUALLY Learn to Code: Roadmaps for Beginners
The Rise of Wet AI: How generative AI is being used by scientists
AI pin: The Device That Might Replace The iPhone
Sam Altman is still trying to return as OpenAI CEO
Instagram Threads missed a moment to shine, as OpenAI's drama took place on X
Stanford University Researchers Introduce FlashFFTConv: A New Artificial Intelligence System for Optimizing FFT Convolutions for Long Sequences
AI and Military Leaders Gathered for Mysterious Event in Utah
Artificial intelligence in human resource management
Former GitHub Chief Nat Friedman Declined OpenAI Interim CEO Role
ASML to Invest  100 Million a Year in Berlin Chip Factory, Handelsblatt Says
Not so fast: Sam Altman is reportedly still angling to pull a 'Steve Jobs' and return to OpenAI
Redefining the quest for artificial intelligence: What should replace the Turing test?
Nvidia Sued After Engineer Accidentally Shares Data From Old Job on Video Call
OpenAI crumbles in just three days, leaving more than 700 employees wondering what went wrong
Marc Benioff says Salesforce will provide matching compensation to any researcher who has quit OpenAI and joins Salesforce's Einstein Trusted AI research team (Ben Purvis/Bloomberg)
Categorical Features: What's Wrong With Label Encoding?
Meet OpenAI cofounder Ilya Sutskever. He supported, then regretted ousting Sam Altman
700 OpenAI Staffers Demand Board Reinstate Sam Altman as CEO
The Vast Majority of OpenAI Employees Ask the Board to Resign
Source: more than 100 OpenAI customers contacted Anthropic over the weekend, and others reached out to Google Cloud and Cohere (Aaron Holmes/The Information)
Tencent AI Lab Introduces Chain-of-Noting (CoN) to Improve the Robustness and Reliability of Retrieval-Augmented Language Models
Meta's Image Generation Model Gets Video, Image Editing Abilities
Benioff Woos OpenAI Staff to Salesforce With Offer to Match Pay
Sam A.'s Wild Weekend
OpenAI Existence in Limbo as Most Staff Threaten to Quit
Pure HTML/CSS Software Developer Portfolio Template
This Might Be the Reason OpenAI Fired Sam Altman
Amazon to cut jobs at Alexa unit to sharpen focus on generative AI
Researchers develop automatic text recognition for ancient cuneiform tablets
Nvidia CEO Touts H200 chips as 'Second Wave of AI' Looms
Most of OpenAI Staff Threaten to Quit Over Altman Exit
Explaining the Upheaval at OpenAI
Generative AI advancements will force companies to think big and move fast
OpenAI's new interim CEO Emmett Shear has made some head-turning posts on X, from slowing down AI development to theories about women having rape fantasies (Olivia Solon/Bloomberg)
Quoting Matt Levine, in a hypothetical
OpenAI's crisis will sow the seeds of the next generation of AI startups
OpenAI Approached Anthropic About Merger
Demystify Data Backfilling
OpenAI Employees Say Firm's Chief Scientist Has Been Making Strange Spiritual Claims
European investors grab the popcorn for the new 'series' of OpenAI, but are fearful of the fallout
UK Says AI 'Hit Squad' Could Speed Up Asylum, Welfare Processing
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella suggests that Sam Altman might return to OpenAI
GenAI's Role in Testing
Cruise co-founder resigns following CEO exit
Source: OpenAI's board approached Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei about a potential merger as part of an effort to persuade Amodei to replace Sam Altman as CEO (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Caching in Github Actions
Turns out, Meta's Threads is good for breaking news
My Life Stats: I Tracked My Habits for a Year, and This Is What I Learned
Over $400 off for Black Friday, this robot vacuum and mop may be the smartest deal ever
When Sam Altman, CEO of Microsoft, thinks about what happened a few years ago in 2023
Max Q: SpaceX's mega-rocket for the moon and Mars goes farther than ever before
Understanding Predictive Maintenance   Wave Data: Feature Engineering (part 1)
How Microsoft's Satya Nadella Kept the OpenAI Partnership Alive
Kaspersky's Advanced Persistent Threats Predictions for 2024
This AI-powered vacuum and mop is only $650 thanks to this early Black Friday deal
Investors are souring on OpenAI's nonprofit governance model
What is going on with OpenAI and Sam Altman?
Want better AI? Get input from a real (human) expert
Amazon Launches New Generative AI Training Courses for Free
This is what you get when you prompt Dalle-3 with  OpenAI board , weird
Sources: OpenAI's board offered the interim CEO role to former GitHub CEO Nat Friedman and Scale AI CEO Alex Wang, before Emmett Shear accepted it (Kate Clark/The Information)
A Beginner's Guide to Online Image Labeling & Annotation Using PixLab Annotate
Lasso Security Emerges From Stealth With $6M Seed Funding for Gen AI and Advanced LLM Cybersecurity
[R] Generative learning for nonlinear dynamics
Sam Altman Shock Ouster From OpenAI | Bloomberg Technology
Interviewing is terrible now. They don't treat you with any respect anymore
Orca 2: Teaching Small Language Models How to Reason
Microsoft CEO Signals Willingness to Have Altman Rejoin OpenAI
Develop AI Apps with React and Javascript
How Apache Arrow accelerates InfluxDB
Doesn't OpenAI Board Member Adam D'Angelo Have a Conflict of Interest in Ongoing Dispute?
95 Percent of OpenAI Employees Threaten to Follow Sam Altman Out the Door
Chaos at OpenAI adds fuel to the AI talent poaching war
Developing a Climate GPT Using NASA's Power API
Satya Nadella says  it's very clear that something has to change around the governance  of OpenAI no matter where Sam Altman ends up (CNBC)
Is Sam Altman joining Microsoft? Satya Nadella doesn't seem to know
CSV to PDF: Prompting GPT-4 For Automatic Data Viz Report Creation
OpenAI Investors, Led by Thrive, Angle to Bring Back Altman
OpenAI's loss is Microsoft's gain: How the AI race just changed
AI Startup Roundup: Ex-Googler Raises $100M for AI Health Care Pods
Microsoft Wants to Partner With Sam Altman, Nadella Says
Three Interesting Predictions on How the OpenAI Crisis Will Impact the Future of AI
[R] Orca 2: Teaching Small Language Models How to Reason
OpenAI's board is facing backlash for firing CEO Sam Altman   but it's good it had the power to
Salesforce CEO pledges to match contracts of OpenAI researchers who resign and join Einstein Trusted AI team
OpenAI meltdown: How could Microsoft have let this happen after betting so many billions?
Why Microsoft is so keen to get Sam Altman inside   or back at the OpenAI helm
Captionary.ai
AI can 'lie and BS' like its maker, but still not intelligent like humans, argues researcher
Google Deepmind and YouTube Researchers Announce Lyria: An Advanced AI Music Generation Model
KAIST AI Researchers Introduce KTRL+F: A Knowledge-Augmented in-Document Search Task that Necessitates Real-Time Identification of Semantic Targets within a Document
Irish deep-tech Zerve raises $3.8m pre-seed led by Elkstone
Microsoft isn't a clear winner in OpenAI chaos, as its ~$11B investment is in danger, building AI systems has reputational risks, and talent might not stay (Matthew Prince/@eastdakota)
AI-Led Chip Rally Drives Taiwan Stock Gauge Toward 19-Month High
Do you believe that AGI will be achieved sooner or later in light of recent events?
Iconlab
[R] Rethinking Attention: Exploring Shallow Feed-Forward Neural Networks as an Alternative to Attention Layers in Transformers
Situation Puzzle
Neptune AI Assistant [Naia ] simplifies Enterprise App Development
Prospection AI is launched to Strengthen Drug Commercialization
Baidu's Revenue Beats as ChatGPT-Style AI Starts Monetization
UC Berkeley Researchers Introduce Ghostbuster: A SOTA AI Method for Detecting LLM-Generated Text
Zoom profits rise as it focuses on AI
Hansa Cequity Certified as Best Firm for Data Scientists for the 2nd Time
How Kyndryl is Charting Its Course in IT and AI
The Long Shadow of Steve Jobs Looms Over the Turmoil at OpenAI
NeevCloud launches the country's first Made in India AI SuperCloud
GPTseek
Ilya Sutskever's U-turn on ousting Sam Altman came after Greg Brockman's wife cried and asked him to change his mind: WSJ
[D] Complimentary NeurIPS passes for reviewers
Socure achieves FedRAMP Moderate  In Process  Status
ars technica article  UnitedHealth uses AI model with 90% error rate to deny care, lawsuit alleges
[Research] Make Pixels Dance: High-Dynamic Video Generation
Top 10 Unique HTML Attributes You Should Know About.
AI doomsayers blamed in OpenAI's undoing
How to Create Hexagon Maps With Matplotlib
Starfield update brings DLSS support and a number of fixes
7 ways to make sure your data is ready for generative AI
Both the CEO of OpenAI and the biggest investor of OpenAI still don't seem to know why Sam Altman was fired
Pulling Data from SQL into Python
OpenAI exec Anna Makanju told staff the company is in  intense discussions  to unify, is in touch with Sam Altman, and there will be  no final response  tonight (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Google Might Just Have a Chance
Satya Nadella says OpenAI should've 'consulted' Microsoft before firing Sam Altman
Unsupervised Learning Series   Exploring DBScan
OpenAI employees threaten mass exodus if Altman isn't reinstated
The Mystery at the Heart of the OpenAI Chaos
Satya Calls OpenAI a  Little Tech Company
These AI agents could cut your workweek to just 3 days
Satya Nadella says Microsoft 'will definitely have a place for all AI talent' in the wake of OpenAI drama
Python Types: Optional Can Mean Mandatory
OpenAI in 'Intense Discussions' to Unify Company, Memo Says
Indian IT's Stride Towards LGBTQ+ Inclusivity
Supatale
This AI Paper Proposes FACTORCL: A New Multimodal Representation Learning Method to Go Beyond Multi-View Redundancy
The Brain Isn't as Adaptable as Some Neuroscientists Claim
The 'Magnificent 7' tech stocks add $150 billion of market cap in a day, with Microsoft leading the charge as investors zero in on the OpenAI psychodrama
Motional and Hyundai to jointly build IONIQ 5 robotaxi in Singapore
Chaos at OpenAI ensues
Baidu reports Q3 revenue up 6% YoY to ~$4.8B and a ~$940M net income, both above est., as its new AI tools shield the company from China's economic downturn (Zheping Huang/Bloomberg)
AI Ready  initiative: Amazon aims to train two million people in AI for free by 2025
The Download: OpenAI's dramatic breakdown, and Meta's transparency library
Nvidia's $240 Billion Rally to Test Whether Great Is Good Enough
NVIDIA wants to use AI chatbots to help build better chips
Can Elon Musk Save OpenAI?
OpenAI staff are putting their visas at risk to get Sam Altman back as CEO
OpenAI's new CEO once compared working for Microsoft to selling his soul. It'll now be his biggest investor.
Cloudflare Workers have a new skill: AI inference-as-a-service
Investors consider suing OpenAI following Sam Altman's dismissal, but Microsoft says he could return to the AI company
Sam Altman sought billions to fund a chip company that could rival Nvidia before he was fired, report says
How To Write Efficient Python Code: A Tutorial for Beginners
OpenAI board spoke with Anthropic about possible merger
Microsoft releases Orca 2, a pair of small language models that outperform larger counterparts
SF Bay Area Share Of Startup Funding Hits A Multiyear High
Emmet | Intermediate HTML and CSS Course | Day 2
A profile of Sam Altman, the AI industry's de facto ambassador despite lacking a scientific background; a source says  his superpower is getting people on side  (Financial Times)
Aparna Gupta Appointed as Microsoft's Global Delivery Center Leader
Black Friday GPU Buying Guide: November GPU Pricing Update
AI Duality.
Investigation: as Amazon and Netflix back down on daring films, self-censorship pervades the Indian streaming industry due to pressure from Modi's ruling BJP (Washington Post)
Insta360's Ace Pro is a Leica-branded action cam with AI enhancements
Insta360's New Ace Pro Combines Leica Engineering with Computational Photography
Microsoft Appoints Aparna Gupta as Global Delivery Center Leader
Tesla's $2 Billion Foray Into India with EV Shipments, and New Plant
Paul O'Sullivan, Salesforce: Transforming work in the GenAI era
8 AI Projects Microsoft Open-Sourced in 2023
Microsoft Hiring Sam Altman Won't Solve Its OpenAI Problem
Edge 345: Deep Diving Into Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback
The Mexican senator building a plan for artificial intelligence
Microsoft Doesn't Really Need OpenAI, it Wants AGI
Better images of AI can support AI literacy for more people
Generative AI Report   11/21/2023
When It Comes to AI Models, Bigger Isn't Always Better
Inflection AI's Mustafa Suleyman tells OpenAI staff 'come run with us' after 'utterly insane' weekend
Reacts-giving: 11 react components for aspiring pros
OnePlus AI Music Studio
How Scientists Are Using AI To Communicate With Other Species
Zaplingo Talk
Australia to force social media companies to crack down on 'emerging harms' of AI deep fakes and hate speech
OpenAI Dev Day 2023: Four Major Announcements From the Founder Sam Altman's Keynote You Must Not.
Getting a consistent character across image generation runs
Billion-dollar AI start-up AI21 raises $208m backed by Intel
OpenAI is in a deadlock. The coming hours will determine its fate.
Spotify Open-Sources Voyager Nearest-Neighbor Search Library
The World Press Photo Contest's updated AI rules help define what a modern photograph is
Sam Altman will run OpenAI no matter what, so it's time for the board to come clean
3 skills could make or break your cybersecurity career in the generative AI era
Explainable YOLOv8: Explaining YOLOv8 Results Using Eigen-CAM
Generative AI startup AI21 Labs raises cash in the midst of OpenAI chaos
Bigger is better
Semantic Search with PostgreSQL and OpenAI Embeddings
Everything You Need to Know About the Fight for the Future of OpenAI
Generative AI Startup AI21 Labs Adds $53M to Earlier $155M Funding Round
Anthropic Goes It Alone
Best practices for developing a generative AI copilot for business
95% of OpenAI employees have threatened to quit in standoff with board
WELL Health announces launch of WELL AI Inbox Admin
Who wants to take on Duolingo?
Confluent unveils data streaming for AI for real-time applications
New Data Unveils Realities of Generative AI Adoption in the Enterprise
LatticeFlow brings Safe and Trustworthy AI to the U.S.
Biotech company Genentech partners with Nvidia for generative AI
Knowledge Series #13: What is a microservice?
Photographers Demand AI Regulation, Tech Industry Happy With Status Quo
Unlimited PTO  vs work-life balance... how does that work?
AI21 nabs $53 million more to challenge OpenAI in enterprise generative AI
Job Trends in Data Analytics: Part 2
World Press Photo Contest reverses stance on AI-generated images following complaints
US stocks fall after extended rally as investors look to Fed minutes and Nvidia earnings
OpenAI and Anthropic Might Merge
Screenshots show xAI's chatbot Grok on X's web app
Baidu's Chinese ChatGPT  Ernie Bot  reaches 70 million users in three months
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 13/11 to 19/11
AI Helps Uncover Russian State-Sponsored Disinformation in Hungary
Survey: Majority of Companies Embrace Responsible AI Amid Global Regulatory Discussions
O'Reilly  Generative AI in the Enterprise  2023 Report
Will AI take programming jobs or turn programmers into AI managers?
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang and Satya Nadella at Microsoft Ignite 23
Easy Queue implementation in Ruby
How the OpenAI fiasco could bolster Meta and the 'open AI' movement
Q&A: Artificial intelligence stemming the tide of fake facts
An Interactive Guide to CSS Grid
Sources: 97%+ of OpenAI staff have signed the letter threatening to quit in board standoff; investors explore legal measures to force board to reverse course (Ars Technica)
Who is Sam Altman, OpenAI's wunderkind ex-CEO, and why does it matter that he got sacked?
My Third Week of the #30DayMapChallange
Exploring AI with Ken Jee
How to Make Large Language Models Play Nice with Your Software using LangChain
OpenAI mess exposes the dangers of vendor lock-in for startups
Researchers develop AI-powered model to predict stock market trends
AI makes Silicon Valley's philosophy of 'move fast and break things' untenable
Word of advice on taking on a Data Science masters (from someone who just completed one)
Tel Aviv-based generative AI startup AI21 raised a $53M Series C extension from Intel, Comcast, and others, taking the round to $208M and total raised to $336M (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
This AI newsletter is all you need #74
Amazon just rolled out more free AI training and generative AI scholarships
OpenAI Sought Merger with Anthropic; Sam Altman the 'Martyr'
OpenAI Still Trying To Lure Altman Back; Investors Could Sue
A gentle introduction to Steerable Neural Networks (part 1)
OpenAI's New CEO Said Something Terrifying a Few Months Ago
EUREKA: Human-Level Reward Design via Coding Large Language Models
Unlocking GPU Intrinsics in HLSL
Researchers use artificial intelligence to find road safety issues in school zones
Batch Processing and Stream Processing: A Complementary Union for Modern Data Engineering
Unveiling the Future: Women Shaping Ethical AI
Women Leading the Way in Ethical AI Development
Engineering has changed forever
[R] Towards Autonomous Hypothesis Verification via Language Models with Minimal Guidance
Off/Script launches an app to create and buy AI-designed fashion
Unwrapping the secrets of a data + AI career
Sam Altman, OpenAI Board Open Talks to Negotiate His Possible Return
Introducing Tuna - A Tool for Rapidly Generating Synthetic Fine-Tuning Datasets
Brief Overview
OpenAI Ponders How to Crush Staff Revolt
A brief look at the history of OpenAI's board
Mastering Elasticsearch: A Beginner's Guide to Powerful Searches and Precision   Part 1
Introducing Dream   an AI no-code tool to build fully functional web apps and components with natural language
Sources: OpenAI interim CEO Emmett Shear has told people close to OpenAI that he doesn't plan to remain if the board can't clearly tell him why it fired Altman (Bloomberg)
Tackle computer science problems using both fundamental and modern algorithms in machine learning
ODSC West 2023 Keynote: Microsoft's Sarah Bird on Building and Using Generative AI Responsibly
How to Read and Write Data from/to the Quip Spreadsheet using Quip Python APIs
Amidst OpenAI chaos, Sam Altman's involvement in Worldcoin is 'not expected to change'
Anthropic Launches Claude 2.1, Surpasses GPT-4 Turbo in Context Length
A Gentle Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning in JAX
AI and the Hollywood Strikes   What's the Connection?
Navigating computer vision development
MusicGen Reimagined: Meta's Under-the-Radar Advances in AI Music
A gentle introduction to Steerable Neural Networks (part 2)
[D] How did you pick your GPU cloud provider?
Tuning the Linux kernel with AI brings significant performance improvements
Anthropic debuts Claude 2.1, offering a context window of up to 200K tokens, or ~150K words, a claimed 50%+ increase in accuracy, new API integrations, and more (Kristi Hines/Search Engine Journal)
How Apollo 8 Won the Moon Race
Stepping Stones to Understanding: Knowledge Graphs as Scaffolds for Interpretable Chain-of-Thought.
Vector Databases: Where Geometry Meets Machine Learning
Cohere Launches Comprehensive Fine-Tuning Suite
Generative AI Defined: How it Works, Benefits and Dangers
Just Released: NVIDIA Modulus 23.11
Ex-OpenAI staff launch new chatbot   yup, it's Anthropic with Claude 2.1
OpenAI Debacle and Nvidia Earnings | Bloomberg Technology
Why student experiments with Generative AI matter for our collective learning
Nvidia Investors Give Ho-Hum Reaction to Latest Growth Surge
The US FTC approves a new resolution to streamline investigations of cases where AI is used to break the law (Reuters)
Just woke up, what did I miss from the openAI saga?
Advanced API Performance: Intrinsics
Will the OpenAI chaos boost open-source models?
A US district judge dismisses most claims in a lawsuit by Sarah Silverman and other authors against Meta's use of copyrighted material to train Llama models (Winston Cho/Hollywood Reporter)
Q&A: How Artificial Intelligence Powers Collaboration and Efficiency for Healthcare
OpenAI Secretly Tried to Merge With Anthropic
Anthropic's Claude 2.1 LLM Has a 200K Context Window, API Tools and Poses a New Challenge to OpenAI
Quoting Ilya Sutskever
Technical analysis without external libraries
[P] JustANeuron - Understand Backpropagation Through an Interactive Visualization of a Single Neuron
Reports: Sam Altman in talks for OpenAI return; board members could be ousted
[D]  AI systems are always deterministic,  AI teacher says. How can I reply (with examples and papers)?
Generative AI: UK Business Leaders Face Investment Challenges as Everyone Claims to Be an Expert
Stability AI releases Stable Video Diffusion in research preview, its first foundation model for generative video based on the Stable Diffusion image model (Anel Islamovic/Stability AI)
Former OpenAI President Greg Brockman announces that ChatGPT's voice narration feature is now available to all free users (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
OpenAI's board may be coming around to Sam Altman returning
Where OpenAI goes from here is anyone's guess
Amazon lays off Alexa employees as 2010s voice-assistant boom gives way to AI
Anthropic Releases Claude 2.1 Generative AI Chatbot With 200K Context Window and Reduced Errors
OpenAI meltdown: Where does this leave the upstart, Microsoft, and you?
Anthropic releases its latest LLM Claude 2.1 as OpenAI self-destructs
Combining AI with React for a Smarter Frontend
qeML Example: Issues of Overfitting, Dimension Reduction Etc.
Greg Brockman is still announcing OpenAI products for some reason
SenseTime Research Propose Story-to-Motion: A New Artificial Intelligence Approach to Generate Human Motion and Trajectory from a Long Text
LWiAI Podcast #143 - OpenAI CEO FIRED, Cruise halts driving, xAI's Grok, DeepMind defines AGI, actor strike over
Creating a bespoke LLM for AI-generated documentation
Stanford Researchers Innovate in Large Language Model Factuality: Automatic Preference Rankings and NLP Advancements for Error Reduction
Your Data Culture Is DOA
TC+ Roundup: AI folks fall into one of two camps
Former OpenAI Exec Announces ChatGPT Voice Is Now Available to All
Stability AI releases a video model [N]
Anthropic's ChatGPT rival Claude can now analyze 150,000 words in one prompt
How to use AI to compose email in BlueMail
Unveiling Sensory AI: A Pathway to Achieving Artificial General Intelligence (AGI)
Leaderboard: OpenAI's GPT-4 Has Lowest Hallucination Rate
How about a customized soap or shampoo created using AI?
Open sourcing Project Guideline: A platform for computer vision accessibility technology
OpenAI rival Anthropic makes its Claude chatbot even more useful
Anthropic's Claude 2.1 release shows the competition isn't rubbernecking the OpenAI disaster
How could AI influence our evolution?
My unfiltered AI chatting platform (Honest AI) is now available on Google Play via Open Beta!
OpenAI Rivals See Uptick in Customer Interest After CEO Ouster
Why do US recruiters usually give preference to European workforce rather than to people from similar time zones, like South Americans?
Stable Video Diffusion is an open-source AI video model based on Stable Diffusion
Nvidia reports Q3 revenue up 206% YoY to $18.12B, vs. $16.18B est., Data Center revenue up 279% YoY to $14.51B, and net income up 1,259% YoY to $9.2B (Jordan Novet/CNBC)
Sam Altman is said to be in talks with the OpenAI board about a possible return
Why Nvidia Investors Are Lukewarm on Latest Results
OpenAI Encourages Staff to Focus on Work Despite Boardroom Chaos
OpenAI drops a big new ChatGPT feature with a joke about its CEO drama
Unresolved leadership crisis at OpenAI: Investors, employees, and legal issues in focus
Nvidia reports record Q3 results driven by surging demand for AI
Hyundai's Ioniq 5 N doubles the power and the fun
ChatGPT suffers widespread outage as company chaos unfolds
Forget dystopian scenarios   AI is pervasive today, and the risks are often hidden
Move over, agony aunt: study finds ChatGPT gives better advice than professional columnists
Anthropic seizes the moment, unveiling Claude 2.1 as OpenAI implodes
After driving the Hyundai Ioniq 5 N, I finally get EV  engine  sounds
Nvidia expects strong growth in most regions to offset a  significant  drop in sales to China because of recently tightened AI chip rules (Michael Acton/Financial Times)
[D] Do you think the proposed EU AI Act on foundation models will be accepted in its current form?
Stability AI gets into the video generating game
Emmett Shear, who ran OpenAI for 72 hours before Sam Altman's return was confirmed, says he's 'deeply pleased' about the news
Claude 2.1 AI model with 200K Context is Live
Sam Altman was at the F1 race in Las Vegas when he got fired from OpenAI: WSJ
Granite Digital to create 10 jobs through Kentico partnership
OpenAI's initial new board counts Larry Summers among its ranks
Time Series Analysis and Understanding a Eurobond Fund with Prophet
Sam Altman Is Reinstated as OpenAI's Chief Executive
Revolutionizing Data Reconstruction: AI's Compact Solution for Broad Information Retrieval
Altman to Return as OpenAI CEO With Taylor, Summers on New Board
Unlock Your Full Potential as a Business Analyst With the Powerful 5-Step Causal Impact Framework
aiOla appoints Eyal Porat as VP of R&D
Introducing Claude 2.1
Microsoft Is Discussing Governance Changes It Wants From OpenAI
ChatGPT's voice chat feature is rolling out to free users
OpenAI Did The Right Thing by Firing Sam Altman
Sklearn Tutorial: Module 1
Nvidia Shows, Again, Its Real AI Moneymaker
Sam Altman has officially returned as CEO of OpenAI.
Crafting your own AI chat app using Hilla and Spring AI
OpenAI says it has reached a deal in principle for Sam Altman to return as CEO, with Bret Taylor as Chair, Larry Summers, and Adam D'Angelo on the initial board (Ina Fried/Axios)
Growing up with Generative AI.
OpenAI insiders and other sources describe the turmoil within OpenAI following Sam Altman's ousting and how Altman's supporters rallied behind him (Wall Street Journal)
OpenAI:  We have reached an agreement in principle for Sam to return to OpenAI as CEO  [N]
Sam Altman set to rejoin OpenAI as CEO with Microsoft's blessing
The Cambridge Dictionary named 'hallucinate' its word of the year &mdash; and it captures the AI industry's biggest challenge
Trace AI
Quoting @OpenAI
Fake views for the win: Text-to-image models learn more efficiently with made-up data
OpenAI is Nothing Without Its Customers
Altman Argued With OpenAI Board Member Toner Before Ouster
Researchers from Nankai University and ByteDance Introduce 'ChatAnything': A Novel AI Framework Dedicated to the Generation of LLM-Enhanced Personas
Sam Altman Reaches Agreement to Return to OpenAI
Sam Altman To Return as CEO of OpenAI
ChatGPT is finally up after hours of outage, now with free voice search
Sam Altman Returns as OpenAI CEO With (Mostly) New Board of Directors
This AI Research Introduces BOFT: A New General Finetuning AI Method for the Adaptation of Foundation Models
Meet Mustango: A Music Domain-Knowledge-Inspired Text-to-Music System based on Diffusion that Expands the Tango Text-to-Audio Model
AI21 completes $208 Million Oversubscribed Series C Round
Weeknotes: DevDay, GitHub Universe, OpenAI chaos
Self-Service Data Analytics as a Hierarchy of Needs
Quoting Del Harvey
Sam Altman is set to return as the CEO of OpenAI
Sam Altman to return as OpenAI CEO
Baidu joins Tencent in downplaying impact of US chip bans on AI ambitions
Breaking: Sam Altman to Return as OpenAI CEO
Sam Altman will return as OpenAI CEO, New board announced in a dramatic turnaround
Conda Too Slow? Try Mamba!
Claude: How to use system prompts
Sam Altman back at OpenAI: The craziest five days in Silicon Valley history | The DeanBeat
OpenAI-Anthropic Merger No More
Large Language Models, StructBERT   Incorporating Language Structures into Pretraining
Dubecos
Sam Altman is reinstated as OpenAI CEO five days after being fired
Deepmark AI
Irish learners can soon avail of IBM's expanded free AI learning paths
Python Important
Generative AI is a developer's delight. Now, let's find some other use cases
Larry Summers Jumps to Center of AI Stage With OpenAI Board Seat
Breaking: Sam Altman to return as CEO of OpenAI
Back to square one: Sam Altman to return to OpenAI as CEO
OpenAI Episode 5: Sam Altman to return as OpenAI CEO with new board members
Source: as part of the deal, Sam Altman and Greg Brockman will not reclaim their board seats; Altman had pushed for more control; OpenAI retains its structure (Amir Efrati/The Information)
OpenAI and Microsoft hit with copyright lawsuit from non-fiction authors
Sam Altman and Greg Brockman return to OpenAI after a one-day Microsoft detour
Navigating the Cybersecurity Challenges of Generative AI
OpenAI's CEO Deja vu
Web Scraping with Python Tutorial - A Complete Guide with Examples
Sam Altman Set to Return as OpenAI CEO After Less Than One Week
The AI startup behind Stable Diffusion is now testing generative video
Big Tech's AI Regulation Talk Doesn't Match Their Actions, Says Researcher
[D] DallE3 paper
Data Storytelling with Animated Word Clouds
AI Reliance & Recovery: Lessons from ChatGPT's Break
The OpenAI meltdown will only accelerate the artificial intelligence race | Sarah Kreps
OpenAI's New Board is a  GentleMen's  Club
insideBIGDATA AI News Briefs   11/23/2023
Before Altman's Ouster, OpenAI's Board Was Divided and Feuding
Microsoft was preparing its San Francisco offices with MacBooks and HR on standby to welcome defecting OpenAI employees, then Sam Altman rejoined as CEO
DriveNets joins Ultra Ethernet Consortium
Sam Altman returns as OpenAI CEO under new board
Unleashing the Power of ChatGPT: A Deep Dive into CRM Capabilities
Meet the Lawyer Leading the Human Resistance Against AI
Responsive CSS Art For Beginners With Source Code
A comprehensive survey on rare event prediction
Sam Altman to return as CEO of OpenAI
Larry Summers, now on OpenAI's interim board, believes AI is coming for white-collar jobs; Summers sits on Block's and Skillsoft's boards and advised a16z (Mark Bergen/Bloomberg)
In a First, Two AI Systems Negotiate Contract By Themselves
KDnuggets News, November 22: 7 Essential Data Quality Checks with Pandas   The 5 Best Vector Databases You Must Try in 2024
Anthropic upsizes Claude 2.1 to 200K tokens, nearly doubling GPT-4
Four ways AI is making the power grid faster and more resilient
Nvidia profits skyrocket as it continues AI focus
Spotify's new streaming payments spark controversy among musicians
[R] Exponentially Faster Language Modelling
The Pentagon is moving toward letting AI weapons autonomously decide to kill humans
It Was Sam's Plan All Along
Will AI Replace Humanity?
Ready for hours of conversations with ChatGPT?
No more staff budget for UK civil service, but worry not   here's an incubator for AI
OpenAI will benefit from unity of purpose with Sam Altman's return
UI Faces with AI
OpenAI End Game
Microsoft's AI-powered Copilot for Windows 10 is now available to test
Vector Databases for Your Streamlit AI Apps
Osium AI uses artificial intelligence to speed up materials innovation
The Rise of AI in Alternative Browsers and What's Next
RLHF progress: Scaling DPO to 70B, DPO vs PPO update, Tlu 2, Zephyr-, meaningful evaluation, data contamination
The Sequence Chat: Doug Burger- Technical Fellow, Microsoft Research About Building Autonomous Agents, AutoGen and the Future of Generative AI
[R] GPQA: A Graduate-Level Google-Proof Q&A Benchmark
Google Announces New DeepMind Model, Lyria, to Generate High-Quality Music
DefiLlama: Binance's 24-hour outflows reached $1B as of 2:30AM ET on November 22 and seven-day net outflows were $703.1M, after Changpeng Zhao pled guilty (Timmy Shen/The Block)
Evidence shows that Elon Musk knew Tesla's Autopilot system was faulty but still let cars run, judge says
ChatGPT Replicates Gender Bias in Recommendation Letters
Sam Altman Returns, and OpenAI Still Has Questions to Answer
HTML tags | search
Proxy Servers Evolve under the Rising Influence of AI and ML
Survey: Gap Across Roles in Responsible AI Involvement
OpenAI and rivals try to get an edge in the AI market
OpenAI board's plan to get rid of Sam Altman really didn't go so well
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 13/11 to 19/11
Data Science Hiring Process at Wipro
Next-gen air conditioning: new electrocaloric material could replace harmful refrigerants
Nvidia revenue skyrockets as CEO Jensen Huang's wealth hits $44 billion
ASML's Lone Bear Says Dutch Chip-Gear Maker Faces Tougher 2024 Than Peers
US Lawmakers Ask SEC to Launch Fraud Investigation Into Elon Musk
Claude 2.1 with 200k Context
Windows 10 users can now try out Microsoft's Copilot AI
How to Build a RAG-Powered Chatbot with Chat, Embed, and Rerank
DOP Deep: OpenAI and the risks of strategic dependencies
The Rube Goldberg Singularity Machine.
Birdseye's AI-powered chief marketing officer drives personalized email campaigns for retailers
KubeCon NA 2023: Ishan Sharma on Real-Time Generative AI for Gaming Apps Running on Kubernetes
No-code retrieval augmented generation (RAG) with LlamaIndex and ChatGPT
Must-have tools modern CFOs need in growth-stage startups
Soft Skills Every Data Scientist Needs
Researchers from UC Berkeley and SJTU China Introduce the Concept of a 'Rephrased Sample' for Rethinking Benchmark and Contamination for Language Models
You can now chat with ChatGPT by voice for free
An AI Fifa president? Hope Sogni unveiled as hypothetical female candidate   video
Student of Games: Deepmind shows unified learning algorithm for games
BrainChip announced Dr. Tony Lewis as New Chief Technology Officer
Glassbeam awarded FedRAMP 'In-Process' Status
Verta launches the Verta GenAI Workbench
Who would've guessed the powerful folk would win the AI fight?
Sam Altman's return to OpenAI doesn't necessarily mean a return to normalcy
How to Optimize MongoDB Performance for Node.js
A developer made 140,000$ in 3 months with his AI wrapper before Stripe shut him down.
Creating Virtual Objects With the Flick of a Finger
Oxford Researchers Use AI To Detect Antibiotic Resistance Faster Than Gold-Standard Testing
Everything machines always wanted to learn about metal-oxide-semiconductor capacitors
OpenAI Agrees in Principle to Sam Altman's Return as CEO, But this is Far From Over
Pivot! AI Devs Move to Switch LLMs, Reduce OpenAI Dependency
Microsoft's Orca 2 can beat LLMs 5-10 times its size thanks to a unique training method
This AI Paper Introduces Sub-Sentence Encoder: A Contrastively-Learned Contextual Embedding AI Model for Fine-Grained Semantic Representation of Text
5 Trends to Bet Your Career On
Each neuron has 10,000 connections too other neurons, and there are 100 billion neurons in the human brain. How close is AI to that level of connectivity?
United Imaging Intelligence to unveil innovative AI Technology at RSNA
[D] How do you keep up ?
What Comes Next for Sam Altman's OpenAI
Why Microsoft Has to Save OpenAI
In Stunning Reversal, OpenAI Rehires Sam Altman
Nvidia adds $28 billion in market value as revenue triples and Wall Street's AI craze continues
SimCorp launches real-time performance solution through new Investment Analytics Platform
3 Ways to Stop Unauthorized Code From Running in Your Network
Adobe Acquires Indian AI Video Creation Platform Rephrase.ai
OpenAI's CEO merry-go-round tosses out voice feature for ChatGPT
Inflection AI Introduces Inflection-2, Outperforms Llama 2 and PaLM 2
Sam Altman wins power struggle, returns to OpenAI with new board
Job market in Norway
OpenAI's Boardroom Drama Could Mess Up Your Future
Forget dystopian scenarios AI is pervasive today, and the risks are often hidden
Inflection AI debuts Inflection-2, an LLM the company claims outperforms Llama 2 and Google's PaLM in some tests, and plans to add the model to its Pi chatbot (Alex Konrad/Forbes)
RAG and LLMs for Dynamic Language Modeling, AI Goal-Directed Conversations, and a Can't-Miss Black.
OpenAgents: An Open Platform for Language Agents in the Wild
Want harmony with your relatives this Thanksgiving? You can all hate on the economy together.
A new optimization framework for robot motion planning
Synthesia Review: The #1 AI Video Generator in November 2023?
A Comprehensive List of Resources to Master Large Language Models
OpenAI saga shows the race for AI supremacy is no longer just between nations
Debate: How much will AI change movies & music? A writer says  some , an engineer says  all .
Improving simulations of clouds and their effects on climate
Research Focus: Week of November 22, 2023
Elon Musk says xAI's chatbot 'Grok' will launch to X Premium+ subscribers next week
I Interviewed a ChatGPT Powered Hologram Bot | AI Unlocked
Nvidia Rival Graphcore Pulls Out of China, Citing US Export Rules
Sam Altman Returns as OpenAI CEO - to a New Board
Ask Sophie: I work at OpenAI on an H-1B. How can I explore immigration independence?
The Unknowns Left in the OpenAI Saga; A Silver Lining in Nvidia's Blowout Earnings
NVIDIA Blows Out Revenue Figures as Generative AI Drives Growth
Sharing LangSmith Benchmarks
Day 93: Web components
OpenAI ditched the only 2 women on its board. So far, it's replacing them with men.
World Press Photo Contest Backtracks on AI After Photographer Backlash
Sam happily returning to OpenAI more powerful than ever after this weekend
Sam Altman returns to OpenAI as CEO amid ouster of board members
Scaffold Replicate apps with one command
OpenAI employees reportedly celebrated Sam Altman's return with a smoke machine-filled party that triggered the fire alarm and 2 fire trucks
One Binance Saga Comes to a Close
Tech Mahindra Chief Digital Services Officer: Overcoming Obstacles to Scaling AI
LeadingAge23: How Will Generative AI and Robotics Impact Senior Care?
Opinion: AI makes Silicon Valley's philosophy of 'move fast and break things' untenable
Sam Altman Is Back At OpenAI. What Does The Turmoil Mean For Microsoft And OpenAI's Rivals?
Sam Altman's return ushers in new era at OpenAI
What Does Open Mean in AI?
Exploring the World of AI Girlfriends: A Glimpse into the Future of Relationships
What to Do When the Ghost in the Machine Is You
This AI Research Helps Microbiologists to Identify Bacteria
Wait, was Sam Altman fired over ... vibes?
3 Ways LLMs Can Let You Down
OpenAI's Board Was Apparently Seething With Rage Before Sacking Altman
Inside the Coups and Concessions That Brought Altman Back to OpenAI
You Can Separate a For-Profit Company From a Nonprofit. I Helped Do It
Build a Language Model on your WhatsApp Chats
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman was seeking funds for a new AI chip company before being fired
Google Meet can now detect when you raise your hand IRL
Researchers from MIT Developed a Machine Learning Technique that Enables Deep-Learning Models to Efficiently Adapt to new Sensor Data Directly on an Edge Device
Forget Siri. Turn your iPhone's 'Action Button' into a ChatGPT voice assistant instead
64% of workers have passed off generative AI work as their own
NVIDIA Faces An Army Of Opponents That Might Include You
Stable Diffusion's Maker is Now Building AI Generative Video
Former OpenAI CEO: My Job Here Is Done
Hardware-Accelerated AI for Windows Apps Using ONNX RT
Construction robot builds massive stone walls on its own
This Apparently Wasn't the First Time Sam Altman Was Dramatically Fired
ChatGPT with voice  opens up to everyone on iOS and Android
Sam Altman: Religious Cult Leader or CEO?
Alibaba Researchers Introduce Qwen-Audio Series: A Set of Large-Scale Audio-Language Models with Universal Audio Understanding Abilities
Google's Bard AI chatbot can now answer questions about YouTube videos
Thrive-Led OpenAI Tender to Continue After Altman Returns
Google updates Bard with more in-depth access to YouTube content, allowing users to ask specific questions about the content of a video (C. Scott Brown/Android Authority)
Efficient Model Fine-Tuning with Bottleneck Adapter
Using AI as a guide for the better manufacturing of perovskite solar cells
Senior NLP engineers, what concepts would you recommend juniors learn?
HTMX - Exploring The Capabilities
Mods Are Asleep. Quick, Everyone Release AI Products
Nvidia's record-breaking Q3 revenue fueled by generative AI hardware sales surge
The Sam Altman Saga Demonstrates People Power
Supercharge Training of your Deep Learning Models
[D] The Status of Open Source Code LLMs
ChatGPT, invent future doctrines for superintelligent AI.
Read Microsoft's internal memos about the chaos at OpenAI
Is AI the Future of Collaborative Game Worlds?
From King to Exile to King Again: The Inside Story of Sam Altman's Whiplash Week
Swirl Search: Open Source Enterprise Search   to Securely   Search your Data.
Bard can now watch YouTube videos for you
Elon Musk Shares Mysterious Letter About Sam Altman
How to talk about the OpenAI drama at Thanksgiving dinner
Nvidia's earnings are up 206% from last year as it continues riding the AI wave
Author hopes to throw the book at OpenAI, Microsoft with copyright class action
Anthropic says its updated ChatGPT rival has more skills, tells fewer lies
Stability AI Unveils Generative AI Video LLM
Causal reasoning meets visual representation learning: A prospective study
University of Pennsylvania Researchers have Developed a Machine Learning Framework for Gauging the Efficacy of Vision-Based AI Features by Conducting a Battery of Tests on OpenAI's ChatGPT-Vision
Sam Altman's Second Coming Sparks New Fears of the AI Apocalypse
What's Effective Altruism? What Does It Mean for AI?
AI Startup Cohere's CEO Slams Effective Altruism in Wake of OpenAI Drama
The OpenAI Drama Has a Clear Winner: The Capitalists
Making Sense of OpenAI, Sam Altman and the Non-profit Board on Their Hardest Days
Asus unveils an RTX 4060 Ti with an M.2 slot for PCIe 5.0 SSDs or external GPUs
Ethical AI/ML: A Practical Example
Altman Returns to OpenAI and Nvidia Earnings Beat Estimates | Bloomberg Technology
At $500 off for Black Friday, this robot vacuum and mop is a smart deal
The  Secret Sauce  Used in Many qeML Functions
This AI-powered vacuum and mop is only $650 for Black Friday
Comandos basicos de Docker
After OpenAI's Blowup, It Seems Pretty Clear That  AI Safety  Isn't a Real Thing
OpenAI Made an AI Breakthrough Before Altman Firing, Stoking Excitement and Concern
Five Days of Chaos: How Sam Altman Returned to OpenAI
Non-technical boss wants me to present results of a extremely ill-performing model to executives
OpenAI, emerging from the ashes, has a lot to prove even with Sam Altman's return
Sources: a letter by OpenAI researchers warning of Q*, an AI breakthrough they said could threaten humanity, was one catalyst that led the board to oust Altman (Reuters)
Altman Is Back at OpenAI, But Questions Remain as to Why He Was Fired in First Place
Breaking Down OpenAI's New Board
Bruised Cruise shifts gears in scaled-down robotaxi comeback plan
Python 3.13.0 alpha 2 is now available
Major new features of the 3.13 series, compared to 3.12
OpenAI Drama's First Season Ends but Second Season Is Possible
[D] Exclusive: Sam Altman's ouster at OpenAI was precipitated by letter to board about AI breakthrough
Web3 backend and smart contract development for Python developers Musical NFTs part 17: Deployment time!
US regulator gives itself power to demand documents in AI probes
Fleet Context
An enhanced version of the analysis of how product features impact retention
Singapore-based Climate Alpha analyzes the impact of climate change on real estate
Does Australia exist? Well, that depends on which search engine you ask .
OpenAI in turmoil: Altman's leadership, trust issues and new opportunities for Google and Anthropic   4 key takeaways
[D] RAG Evaluation: LlamaIndex is generally better than OpenAI Assistants
Simplifying AI development with Azure AI Studio
How do I learn CS stuff?
One-Minute Daily AI News 11/22/2023
Microsoft Research Introduces Florence-2: A Novel Vision Foundation Model with a Unified Prompt-based Representation for a Variety of Computer Vision and Vision-Language Tasks
Source: an OpenAI employee share sale valuing the company at $86B is back on track after Sam Altman's reinstatement and is expected to close in December (Maria Heeter/The Information)
Using ChatGPT to Correct ChatGPT
The UK plans to boost spending on computing power to develop AI by &pound;500M over two years, bringing its total planned investment to more than &pound;1.5B (Clive Cookson/Financial Times)
Microsoft Orca 2's Triumph: Comparable or Superior Performance to Models 5-10x Its Size in Mastering Reasoning Tasks
OpenAI Saga Shows Why Open Source is Necessary
A profile of Matthew Butterick, a lawyer leading cases against OpenAI, Meta, Stability AI, and others, alleging they broke the law when building their AI tools (Kate Knibbs/Wired)
Google Bard can now answer questions about YouTube videos
Managing Your Cloud-Based Data Storage with Rclone
Learn to Build   Towards AI Community Newsletter #2
Elon Musk should face an SEC probe over his claims that no monkeys died as a result of Neuralink implants, lawmakers say
Scientists Warn That AI Threatens Science Itself
OpenAI researchers reportedly warned internally about breakthrough AI discovery  Q-Star
Google AI Unveils Mirasol3B: A Multimodal Autoregressive Model for Learning Across Audio, Video, and Text Modalities
Inside LlaVA: The Very Popular Open Source Alternative to GPT-4V
Detect Idle User With JavaScript Project With Source Code
Claude 2.1: Anthropic's AI Update Promises Speed, Smarts & Savings
Anthony Levandowski Reboots Church of Artificial Intelligence
Get Over Q*, OpenAI takes AGI to the Next Level with PPO
OpenAI staff: share your view on developments at the company
One Step to Make Decision Trees Produce Better Results
Resolving Selenium's Zombie Process Issue
OpenAI's offices were sent thousands of paper clips in an elaborate prank to warn about an AI apocalypse
How Fractal is Saving Thousands of Litres of Water Using Computer Vision
US chip export ban is hurting China's AI startups, not so much the giants yet
This Finland-Based AI Startup Unveils Poro: A Revolutionary Open Source Language Model Boosting European Multilingual AI Capabilities
7 ML Repos used by the TOP 1% of Python developers [based on REAL data]
OpenAI Unleashes Free Voice Chat Feature to All Mobile Users, Offering Siri-like Experience
Celebrating Thanksgiving with My Best Friend
Survey Finds Half of Tech Workers Think AI Is a Bunch of Hype
Yes, Sam Altman is back as OpenAI's CEO, but we still have lots of unanswered questions
Big data models   vs. Computer memory
Real AI Wins Project to Build Europe's Open Source Large Language Model
Google's Bard AI chatbot is getting better at understanding YouTube videos
The Pros and Cons of Generative AI
OpenAI was working on advanced model so powerful it alarmed staff
AMD could launch a 'mid-range' RDNA 4 GPU that's faster than the Radeon RX 7900 XT
OpenAI staff warned board of AI breakthrough before Sam Altman was fired, report says
The top 7 media people in AI
9 of Steve Ballmer's zaniest moments, from chanting on stage to dancing to Fergie
Appen teams Up with AWS to Drive AI Innovation
AI Sharpens Rainfall Estimates from Satellites
TCS to Pay $125M in Epic Systems IP Dispute
How Walmart, Kroger, and other major retailers are ramping up self-checkout tech to combat theft
Phone Makers Now Wants to Run LLM On-Device
Material Design for Bootstrap v7 is out!
You may now ask Google Bard questions about YouTube Videos
AI cleaning robot can tidy up clothes in a messy bedroom
OpenAI's New Breakthrough Project Q*
Don't wait for Spotify Wrapped thanks to anthems.fm
[R] FlashFFTConv: Efficient Convolutions for Long Sequences with Tensor Cores
Real-World Problems, and How Data Helps Us Solve Them
MakeBlobs + Fictional Synthetic Data A New(ish) Use Case
Screensharing mistake gets Nvidia sued over alleged stolen trade secrets
Everybody Loves Karpathy
Can AI really be an asset to creative people at work?
5 Free Courses to Master Machine Learning
What does Sam Altman's firing and quick reinstatement mean for the future of AI?
Esker designates Catherine Plasse as New CFO
New Report: The Definitive Guide to Large Language Models and High-Performance Marketing Content
Object-Oriented Express: Refactoring in R
Briefing: Google's fake products, a magic Whiteboard, Meta's intelligent Emu
7 Protein Folding Updates From 2023
[R] Break the Sequential Dependency of LLM Inference Using Lookahead Decoding
Should we fear what's unknown about the AI?
India seeks to regulate deepfakes amid ethical concerns
'Digital Twin Brain' Could Bridge Artificial and Biological Intelligence
The UK is boosting its AI and quantum research funding
Source: a breakthrough spearheaded by OpenAI chief scientist Ilya Sutskever enabled a model that could solve basic math problems, stoking excitement and concern (Jon Victor/The Information)
The Humane AI Pin won't help you message your friends any faster
Would You Use ANOVA for Feature Selection?
Stable Diffusion Adds Video Generation
Inflection-2 beats Google's PaLM 2 across common benchmarks
This Week's Most Read: OpenAI Turmoil & Nvidia Ramping Up H200s
Possible OpenAI's Q* breakthrough and DeepMind's AlphaGo-type systems plus LLMs
[R] How to evaluate generative models?
The Morning After: Google's Bard AI is getting better at understanding YouTube
Oxford AI Researchers Say LLMs Pose Risk to Scientific Truth
ODSC West 2023 Keynote by Nick Bostrom: The Ethics of Digital Minds   A Baffling New Frontier
A deeper look at the Q* Model as a combination of A* algorithms and Deep Q-learning networks.
The geometric mean of Physics and Biology is Deep Learning - Ilya Sutskever
OpenAI Gifts Voice to All Users in First Release Since Board Debacle
'Huge egos are in play': behind the firing and rehiring of OpenAI's Sam Altman
Distil-Whisper: Enhanced Speed and Efficiency in AI Audio Transcription
Prepare for Increased Scrutiny: FTC Expands Investigative Powers Over AI
The 6 Types of Conversations with Generative AI
NVIDIA and Genentech Forge Strategic AI Alliance for Drug Discovery
Goal representations for instruction following
7 Ways Call Centers Use AI to Unlock Time for Their Agents and Customers
Can you become an AI Developer without a degree?
Kubiya AI and AWS Integration
Beyond the Hype: 10 Core Principles for AI Success
YouTube: Intro to Large Language Models
Resources for improving at probability problems in interviews?
Aktuellste Erkenntnisse ber Preisgestaltung und Rabatte
Zephyr-7B : HuggingFace's Hyper-Optimized LLM Built on Top of Mistral 7B
FIA, which runs F1, plans to use its Computer Vision tech to tackle track limits breaches at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, using shape analysis to count pixels (Alan Baldwin/Reuters)
You ever work for a company that gives no PTO at all? It's pretty bad
Arm Cortex-M52 chip brings AI acceleration to low-power IoT devices
Killer Instinct is going free-to-play on Xbox and Steam
A birds eye view of linear algebra: why is matrix multiplication like that?
Formula 1 hopes AI will help it figure out if a car breaks track limits
'Black Twitter' asks 'What if Sam Altman were a Black woman?' in the wake of ouster
Anthropic's best Claude 2.1 feature suffers the same fate as GPT-4 Turbo
4 Pandas One-Liners That Surprised Me in a Good Way
After OpenAI's Blowup, It Seems Pretty Clear That 'AI Safety' Isn't a Real Thing
Causal Diagram: Confronting the Achilles' Heel in Observational Data
Ai generated music using suno.ai
Quoting Lucas Ropek
Automotive tech company Valeo sues Nvidia, after an Nvidia engineer accidentally shared data he stole from his former employer Valeo, on a video call with Valeo (Bloomberg)
How to run Yi chat models with an API
Stability AI debuts Stable Video Diffusion models in research preview
OpenAI's directors have been anything but open. What the hell happened?
This AI Research Presents Drivable 3D Gaussian Avatars (D3GA): The First 3D Controllable Model for Human Bodies Rendered with Gaussian Splats
AI chip outfit Graphcore's sales to China hit by US export rules
UChicago or John Hopkins for Master in Data Science?
Learn to Unlearn Machines
The New Best Python Package for Visualising Network Graphs
How to apply natural language processing to cybersecurity
NVIDIA AI Researchers Propose Tied-Lora: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach that Aims to Improve the Parameter Efficiency of the Low-rank Adaptation (LoRA) Methods
To 1 or to 0: Pixel Attacks in Image Classification
AI is an ideological war zone
Animating Spatial Movement in Python
[P] X LLM: Few lines of code to train your own 7B LLM in Colab using cutting edge techniques like QLoRA
Researchers from Microsoft Research and Tsinghua University Proposed Skeleton-of-Thought (SoT): A New Artificial Intelligence Approach to Accelerate Generation of LLMs
Weekly Digest   2023/11/24
US lawmakers scramble to enact measures to punish people targeting women with AI-generated nudes, amid a rise of such cases involving teen girls worldwide (NBC News)
He's back: Sam Altman and the chaos at the heart of the AI industry   podcast
Tanaka
Deep learning techniques for text classification
[R] Rethinking Open'sAI's Q-Learning : Insights from the Award-Winning 'Non-delusional Q-learning' Paper
Some OpenAI engineers make as much as $800,000 and were key players in Sam Altman's return
Tech entrepreneur Anthony Levandowski says he's rebooting his AI-focused church, Way of the Future, and that the congregation has  a couple thousand people  (Bloomberg)
Decoding Complex AI Models: Purdue Researchers Transform Deep Learning Predictions into Topological Maps
Bill Gates predicts AI can lead to a 3-day work week
Getting started with theme()
Revolutionizing Clinical Research with Interactive Reports: Shiny and Quarto in Action
The AI Paranoia and Doomers seems to be taking over all AI subs, so I'm making one about AI Acceleration
[D] Difference between CUDA and Tensor Cores
[D] how do you remember methods in papers you read?
TikTok parent company used AI to optimize Linux kernel, boosting performance and efficiency
xAI's Grok Might End Up as A Joke
Nvidia sued for 'stealing' trade secrets from German arm of Valeo
AI to AI: Why new tactics are needed to fight modern fraud
Stability AI's outgoing head of audio reckons GenAI is broken: here's why
Exploratory Data Analysis: What Do We Know About YouTube Channels (Part 2)
[R]  Toeplitz Neural Network for Sequence Modeling  &  Accelerating Toeplitz Neural Network with Constant-time Inference Complexity
Command Line Interface with sysargv, argparse, docopts, and Typer
Why OpenAI Assistants is a Big Win for LLM Evaluation
AIs can trick each other into doing things they aren't supposed to
vidby launches Vidby Call Translator, Over 150 Languages & Dialects
CogniCor Solutions Can Cut Pre- and Post- Client Meeting by up to 80%
Emerging Tools and Frameworks in AI: A Comparative Analysis
Why Sam's Return to OpenAI is Good For Microsoft
NVIDIA sued for stealing trade secrets after screensharing blunder showed rival company's code
How Redis is Fueling the Generative AI Wave
5 things that outlasted Emmett Shear's stint as OpenAI CEO
AI News Roundup: UK Autumn Budget Delivers $620M for AI Computing
'Chessmaster' Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was the true winner from the OpenAI fiasco, Wedbush analyst says
I tried Microsoft's AI-powered assistant, Copilot. The tool helpfully attends meetings and summarizes emails, but it's best to treat it as a rookie intern.
Take a look at the military planes, helicopters, and missiles Russia put on display at the Dubai air show &ndash; if you knew where to find them
Sources: Nvidia told its Chinese customers it's delaying the launch of H20, its most powerful of three AI chips designed to comply with US' ban, until Q1 2024 (Reuters)
India Cracks Down on Deepfakes, Warns Social Media to Adhere to IT Rules
Arc Max provides AI experience without overwhelming users with AI
Detecting Power Laws in Real-world Data with Python
Optimisation Algorithms: Neural Networks 101
When will singularity happen? 1700 expert opinions of AGI [October,2023]
This AI Paper Proposes ML-BENCH: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach Developed to Assess the Effectiveness of LLMs in Leveraging Existing Functions in Open-Source Libraries
Albus for Community
5 Best Static Site Generators in Python
This AI Paper Introduces -SO: A Physical Symbolic Optimization Framework that Uses Deep Reinforcement Learning to Discover Physical Laws from Data
Two-Tower Networks and Negative Sampling in Recommender Systems
The power of collaboration: power grid control with multi-agent reinforcement learning
IBM Opens New Client Innovation Centre in Gandhinagar
The top 9 AI people in finance
This AI Paper Introduces a Groundbreaking Machine Learning Model for Efficient Hydrogen Combustion Prediction: Leveraging 'Negative Design' and Metadynamics in Reactive Chemistry
Caffeine chemical formula using html css no image
Meta Galactica Author Breaks Silence on Model's Turbulent Launch
The Morning After: Formula 1 wants AI to help it figure out if a car breaks track limits
He quit a GenAI leader in protest. Now he wants to create fairer systems for artists
Adding Dockerfiles to Open-Source Projects
Alibaba Begins Overhaul to Revive Cloud Arm After Nixing Spinoff
Meet Dream from LangChain: An AI No-code Tool to Build Web Apps
How PhotoRoom became France's hot young GenAI thing
Overviewing the Global Chocolate Trade
Blogkit AI Writer
An agency created an AI model who earns up to $11,000 a month because it was tired of influencers 'who have egos'
Starting from scratch: Setting up an Amazon EKS Cluster. Join me on this journey into the world of Kubernetes on AWS!
Humanity Needs an OpenAI Board That Will Still Say 'No'
Chinese companies are turning banned RTX 4090 cards into AI products
Deepmind founder says his latest LLM Inflection-2 is the second best in the world
[R] Xwin-Math: A Series of Powerful SFT Math LLMs and Evaluation Toolkit
NVIDIA Emerges As the Real Winner in the OpenAI Fiasco
AIAInow | From prototype to product with generative AI and large models | November 28
Best Blogging Platforms for Developers
MechGPT opens up new research opportunities by connecting the dots between unlinked knowledge
Stable Video Diffusion can generate AI videos on a 7 year old GPU
[D] OpenRLHF - A Ray-based High-performance RLHF framework
Dog Makeover Game | HTML, CSS & JavaScript Project
20 Best ChatGPT Prompts for Entrepreneurs
Is it good or bad to use an SQL temp table in Tableau/Power BI in the Initial SQL section? Would this improve performance or decrease it?
Startups should consider hiring fractional AI officers
LeMUR's Custom Text Input + Revamped Playground
Nvidia employee's blunder led to a lawsuit
Google's AI Chatbot Bard Now Analyzes YouTube Content Amid Privacy Concerns
Pro Weekly: A Historic Week for AI and Crypto Org Charts
God's Simulation.
Remote Work in Data Science: Pros and Cons
Chat with YouTube Videos
reactable.extras 0.2.0 Release: Enhanced Interactivity and Efficiency for Shiny Apps
A clothing retailer that was at the heart of millennial fashion in the 2000s has nearly matched Nvidia stock's huge gains this year
Create Stunning Data Viz in Seconds with ChatGPT
Machine Learning Creates a Massive Map of Smelly Molecules
Who is Helen Toner the Australian woman ousted from the board of OpenAI?
Introduce my classmates at Hogwarts. Who appears to have better grades?
[P] fMRaI: Neural network interpretability and explainability library
GPT-4 is able to buy stuff on Amazon, researchers say
The Q* hypothesis: Tree-of-thoughts reasoning, process reward models, and supercharging synthetic data
BREAKING: 25 hostages have been released by Hamas, the first since a four-day truce was called
LLMonitor
Anthropic Announces Claude 2.1 with Wider Context Window and Support for Tools
Multi-synaptic photonic spiking neural networks based on a DFB-SA chip
Nvidia shares fall after China AI chip is delayed
Comeando nos Estudos de Data Science com Python e Pandas
Python - Use Hash Tables (Dictionaries) for Fast Data Retrieval
With $18.12B in revenue and $10.42B in operating profit in Q3, Nvidia becomes the world's biggest chip maker, beating TSMC and Intel for the top spot (Mark Tyson/Tom's Hardware)
Renegotiating the relationship between citizens and the development of automated decision-making
Five days of chaos: What just happened at OpenAI?
Job Market in Switzerland
Generative AI is a toddler   don't let it run your business
Filing: Nvidia says regulators in the EU and China requested information about its sale of GPUs and how it allocates their supply (Aaron Holmes/The Information)
[D] I'm exploring to use prompt engineering tool to help with SEO
WebGL texture slots allocation
Sam Altman and Adam D'Angelo reunite for Thanksgiving following OpenAI boardroom drama
Need a great robot vacuum and mop after Thanksgiving? Get one for $650 on Black Friday
Mobile Responsive Website With HTML CSS - How To Make Responsive Website
What is OpenAI's Q*? How Aligned Incentives are Fueling a Questionable Narrative.
Learn How to Generate 3D Avatars from 2D Image Collections with this Novel AI Technique
The Emergence of Autonomous Agents
Anthropic slashes AI pricing amid rising competition
This AI Research Proposes a Fully Automated Solution for Consistent Character Generation with the Sole Input being a Text Prompt
I'm on the Newsroom Robots podcast, with thoughts on the OpenAI board
Researchers from Genentech Propose A Deep Learning Methodology to Discover a Predictive Tumor Dynamic Model from Longitudinal Clinical Data
Black & white
NVIDIA AI Research Releases HelpSteer: A Multiple Attribute Helpfulness Preference Dataset for STEERLM with 37k Samples
Improving performance and explainability of Zero-Shot CLIP
Sklearn tutorial: module 2
[R] Understanding the loss function of Diffusion Probablistic models vs Denoising Diffusion Probablistic Models
Altman's Back As Questions Swirl Around Project Q-Star
Explainer: What Is Retrieval-Augmented Generation aka RAG?
10 Controversial Things I Believe About AI That I Shouldn't Say Out Loud
Build a R&R app with PartyRock and Bedrock!
Use the Synonyms APIs to Update Synonyms Conveniently in Elasticsearch
[P] Inference Vision Transformer (ViT) in plain C/C++ with ggml
HTML Media Tags
New technique can accelerate language models by 300x
Everyone's talking about OpenAI's Q*. Here's what you need to know about the mysterious project.
[R] ZipLoRA: Any Subject in Any Style by Effectively Merging LoRAs
Researchers implement multi-focus image fusion using diffusion models
Finding a Purple Swan with Predictive Analytics
Revolutionizing Martian Colonization: An AI Robotic Chemist's Breakthrough in Autonomous Catalyst Synthesis for Oxygen Production
ETH Zurich's UltraFastBERT Realizes 78x Speedup for Language Models
How Exactly Does a Decision Tree Solve a Regression Problem?
Was Sam Altman 'Super Pumped'?
UPDATE: I built an app to make my job search a little more sane, and I thought others might like it too! No ads, no recruiter spam, etc.
LWiAI Podcast #144 - OpenAI CEO UN-FIRED, Cruise founders quit, Meta video editing, LLMs can lie, policy updates
Milvus Adventures Nov 24, 2023
Good AI, bad AI: Decoding responsible artificial intelligence
OpenAI Secretly Works on Q*, Inches Closer Towards AGI
The Week When AI Got High on Its Own Supply
Corporate Contempt Culture
OpenAI is Nothing Like Tata Trusts' Board Structure
False Prophet: Comparing a Regression Model to Meta's Prophet
Machines meet museums: Report unpacks AI in heritage sector
Implementing, solving and visualizing the Traveling Salesman Problem with Python
Current Job Opening APIs?
[D] How is it that the latency to decode 1 new token with an LLM is constant independent of total sequence length, when caching KV?
RepoList - A tool to generate wordlists based on GitHub repositories
Where are all the 'godmothers' of AI? Women's voices are not being heard
Best communities for data science project feedback
OpenAI's chaos has both hastened the arms race to AI dominance and opened the door to competitors
The Mahabharat of OpenAI
Nicolas Cage on Memes, Myths, and Why He Thinks AI Is a 'Nightmare'
Sacking, revolt, return: how crisis at OpenAI over Sam Altman unfolded
Microsoft Debuts Custom Chips for Cloud and AI: Azure Maia AI Accelerator and Azure Cobalt CPU
Artificial Intelligence: Canada's future of everything
Responsive Product Card Landing Page HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT
Used Bing Ai to get some Spider-Man Manga covers and These covers are lookin' crazy
Prompt engineer is one of the hot jobs AI is creating
French AI lab Kyutai secures $330 million - and bets on open source
Graphcore's retreat from China deals another blow to European AI ambitions
Google Announce the Open Source Release of Project Guideline: Revolutionizing Accessibility with On-Device Machine Learning for Independent Mobility
O'Reilly Releases 2023 Generative AI in the Enterprise Report
Here is Another Free AI Webinar: 'Beginner's Guide to GenAI: LLMs, RAG, and more' [Nov 27 10 am PST]
What's the best way to work as a data professional in Europe?
No way I'll get accepted to or can pay for Standford/MIT/ETC, but who cleans these labs? I have a CS degree and a mop
Q* - Clues to the Puzzle?
We're becoming a parent species
Choosing the Right Whisper Model: When To Use Whisper v2, Whisper v3, and Distilled Whisper?
Data Extraction From PDF today
AI development will likely move faster and be more dispersed and less controlled after a failed coup at OpenAI, accelerating what the coup was trying to prevent (Benedict Evans/Financial Times)
Voice AI brings voice cloning to live streams and gamers
Sam Altman enters his power era
Black Friday online buying hits a record $9.8B in the US, $70.9B globally
Neuralink, Elon Musk's brain implant startup, quietly raises an additional $43M
Former Google engineer and Trump pardonee Anthony Levandowski relaunches his AI church
Black Friday Shoppers Set Online Spending Record, Adobe Says
9 ways ChatGPT and other AI tools can be used to earn thousands with side hustles
Comprehensive Time Series Exploratory Analysis
Azure ChatGPT
[D] Machine learning conferences are problematic
Git-for-Data, Version-Controlled Database Dolt Gets PostgreSQL-Flavor
Drones and AI Could Locate Land Mines in Ukraine
Nvidia delays launch of new AI chip for China
Physical Constraints Drive Evolution of Brain-Like AI
What can you buy a billionaire who has it all? I asked ChatGPT for gift ideas for Sam Altman, Elon Musk, and other tech execs.
How To Create Responsive Website Using HTML CSS and Some jQuery
AI: Grappling with a New Kind of Intelligence - Conversation on the implications of AI With Brian Greene and Yann Lecun.
Unlocking the Power of Chat GPT: A Comprehensive Guide to Prompt Engineering Excellence.
Shadow & Bone Showrunner Reveals the Six of Crows Show That Could've Been
[D] Are you excited about the upcoming Keras 3.0?
Do mice have BGI, Biological General Intelligence, and what is it?
Hands-On Deep Q-Learning
Exploring Feature Extraction with CNNs
Peculiar challenges in DS projects?
Improving communication skills as a DS
Chat Data
Worst JD of the year
This AI Research from China Explores the Illusionary Mind of AI: A Deep Dive into Hallucinations in Large Language Models
Pentagon's AI initiatives accelerate hard decisions on lethal autonomous weapons.
Bill Gates told a German newspaper that GPT5 wouldn't be much better than GPT4:  there are reasons to believe that we have reached a plateau  [N]
Putin says Russia will develop new AI technology to counter the Western monopoly, which he fears could lead to a 'digital abolition' of Russian culture
[D] How do you handle the lack of data in a research project for testing?
Roadmap For Computer Vision
Meet snnTorch: An Open-Source Python Package for Performing Gradient-based Learning with Spiking Neural Networks
Meet HyperHuman: A Novel AI Framework for Hyper-Realistic Human Generation with Latent Structural Diffusion
Working in which industry has a better work-life balance/pay ratio: Finance or Big Tech?
This AI Research Proposes Random Slices Mixing Data Augmentation (RSMDA) for Superior Image Classification: A Novel Approach to Enhancing Neural Network Accuracy and Robustness
No-Code AI: OpenAI My GPTs or LlamaIndex rags?
The Long and Short of It: Proportion-Based Relevance to Capture Document Semantics End-to-End
Beginner's guide to Object Oriented Programming in python(OOP)
Sam Altman returns to OpenAI, Apple adopts RCS, and Binance's CEO pleads guilty to charges
Check Out This New AI System Called Student of Games (SoG) that is capable of both Beating Humans at a Variety of Games and Learning to Play New Ones
False Positives in Instance Segmentation
[P] Just finished a C++ library for training decision trees on Arduino-compatible boards
Change my mind: AI is inherently public domain knowledge and should not be commercialized
ML for time series regression [P]
[P] Yolov8 hyperparameters for best generalization
Talk to anyone of the past through A.I?
Unveiling Hidden Realities: Shedding Light on Human Trafficking in Alberta
Quoting U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria
Fastest way to build transparent login page HTML/CSS
HTML Unique Examples & Usage
Meta Research Introduce System 2 Attention (S2A): An AI Technique that Enables an LLM to Decide on the Important Parts of the Input Context in Order to Generate Good Responses
Inflection AI Announces Inflection-2 LLM with Significantly Improved Performance
[R] Spatially embedded recurrent neural networks reveal widespread links between structural and functional neuroscience findings
A look at Replicator, a Pentagon initiative expected to accelerate hard decisions on what AI tech is reliable enough to deploy, including on weaponized systems (Frank Bajak/Associated Press)
Creating artistic collages using reinforcement learning
Learning opportunities
What startup founders need to know about AI heading into 2024
[P] USearch Molecules: Searchable Dataset of 28 Billion Chemical Embeddings on AWS
ChatGPT for Parents   The Prompts you Need to Boost
GPT-4 fails at simple tasks that humans can easily solve
8 Stories To Learn About Snapchat
As safety demands strip Llama 2, ChatGPT, and others of anything remotely controversial, some programmers are building uncensored LLMs without safety guardrails (Mark Gimein/The Atlantic)
Cloud Document AI Too Expensive? A Concise Review of State-Of-The-Art Alternatives
An Absolute Damning Expose On Effective Altruism And The New AI Church - Two extreme camps to choose from in an apparent AI war happening among us
Locusive's Free Chatbot For Slack
UC Berkeley Researchers Propose CRATE: A Novel White-Box Transformer for Efficient Data Compression and Sparsification in Deep Learning
Researchers from the University of Chicago Introduce 3D Paintbrush: A AI Method for Generating Local Stylized Textures on Meshes Using Text as Input
My ChatGPT controlled droid can now see and describe it's environment thanks to GPT4-vision
Sam Altman's return to OpenAI means he joins Steve Jobs and Jack Dorsey on a list of CEOs who left companies they founded &ndash; then eventually came back.
Q&A with Slack CTO Cal Henderson on how the pandemic changed Slack and workplace habits, acquisition by Salesforce, generative AI, India market, and more (Vikas SN/Moneycontrol)
Data Machina #229
Enhancing RAG's Answer: Self-Debugging Techniques and Cognitive Load Reduction
Meet PhysGaussian: An Artificial Intelligence Technique that Produces High-Quality Novel Motion Synthesis by Integrating Physically Grounded Newtonian Dynamics into 3D Gaussians
The third New England RLHF Hackers Hackathon
Resources for Learning about Building High-Speed Computer Vision Applications
Building a Matching Tool to help start-up founders find the best incubators: an end-to-end.
An Entry Point Into HuggingFace
If I could, THIS is how I will learn Python again
Stanford Researchers Introduce BLASTNet: The First Large Machine Learning Dataset for Fundamental Fluid Dynamics
NLP for dirty data
Deepmind's new prompting method takes a step back for more accuracy
[P] EGSIS: Exploratory Graph-based Semi-supervised Image Segmentation
Insert Data into a MySQL Database via a Python Script
Distil-Whisper: Advancements in AI Voice-to-Text Technology
[D] Doin' ML like Pa' did
How much RAM (unified memory) is available in macbook pros for deep learning.
AI Alignment: Towards responsible machines
Humanoid robots could be the next big thing to come from the AI boom. Take a look at 8 of the most advanced ones around.
Efficient Rotation Invariance in Deep Neural Networks through Artificial Mental Rotation
Inflection Introduces Inflection-2: The Best AI Model in the World for Its Compute Class and the Second Most Capable LLM in the World Today
ZeroMQ or RabbitMQ - OpenCV for Video Analytics
How To Train Your LLM Efficiently? Best Practices for Small-Scale Implementation
DrLambda-Social
Notion Expert GPT by HelpKit
Accelerate AI Workflows for 3D Medical Imaging with NVIDIA MONAI Cloud APIs
Python Gets Its First Community Communications Manager
AI doesn't cause harm by itself. We should worry about the people who control it | Kenan Malik
Preparing for Climate Change with an AI Assistant
The best early Cyber Monday deals on Apple devices
NOIR, Stanford's Mind-Controlled AI Robot
How to co-design software/hardware architecture for AI/ML in a new era?
Query BigQuery throws error: Error in strsplit(name,  . , fixed = TRUE) : non-character argument
Advance Data Types in Go: Arrays, Slices, Maps, Functions
ChatGPT's Wikipedia writing is  terrible  and a  mess,  says Wiki founder Jimmy Wales
Cyber Monday deals include up to $300 off Shark robot vacuums on Amazon
If you had to list a  tier list  of software that data scientists should be competent with prior to their first job, what would it be?
The  let it crash  error handling strategy of Erlang, by Joe Armstrong
Why Accepting 'Any Data Job' Is a Terrible Career Move, and What You Should Do Instead
Unleashing the Power of TensorFlow: Integrating Machine Learning Magic into Your Flutter Apps
OpenAI and Microsoft slapped with another AI lawsuit for 'stealing' authors' works
[D] - What is the latest in tree-based approaches for LLMs? Has there been any significant research using RL for this?
Retail based recommendation system - Setup and how to deal with severe class imbalance?
The Guardian view on OpenAI's board shake-up: changes deliver more for shareholders than for humanity | Editorial
RLHF Training Pipeline for LLMs Using Huggingface
[P] Introducing  Paper Brief  - A podcast about AI/ML papers
Understanding Tests in Python: A Comprehensive Guide Using Pytest
How to Create a Python virtual environment
[D] What are the advantages of GANs over Diffusion Models in image generation?
Why Hype Matters: Thinking Practically about AI
One-Minute Daily AI News 11/25/2023
DIRFA Transforms Audio Clips into Lifelike Digital Faces
Discriminated Unions
Taking the Guesswork out of Anomaly Detection: Let Histograms Set the Threshold
@BigBomb, #Revolution, Independence, Security, Options on the table. CodeBehind version 1.8 has been released!
Introduction
Razor syntax support
Researchers from UC San Diego Introduce EUGENe: An Easy-to-Use Deep Learning Genomics Software
[D]In transformer models, why is there a query and key matrix instead of just the product?
Redefining Transformers: How Simple Feed-Forward Neural Networks Can Mimic Attention Mechanisms for Efficient Sequence-to-Sequence Tasks
AI doesn't cause harm by itself. We should worry about the people who control it
AI is the Sixth Intelligence Discipline
[D] GANs do not have Density estimation abilities
Replace Your Authentication System with Face Recognition using FACEIO's fio.js, & Tailwind.css
What has changed the most about data science the last 5-10 years? What hasn't changed at all?
Fine-Tuning SegFormer for Multi-Class Segmentation
Meet LQ-LoRA: A Variant of LoRA that Allows Low-Rank Quantized Matrix Decomposition for Efficient Language Model Finetuning
Meet LEO: An Embodied Generalist Agent Excelling in 3D World Tasks
Finding value in generative AI for financial services
AI hype isn't helping anyone
[R]eading List for Andrej Karpathy's  Busy person's intro to Large Language Models  Video
High level overview of Amazon Redshift
3 big challenges of commercial LLMs
Java News Roundup: Spring Boot 3.2, Spring Pulsar 1.0, Hibernate 6.4, JEP 447 Targeted to JDK 22
Releasing my Python Project
Books for mid-senior eng
Amazon says it's ready to train future AI workforce
From Maps to Impact: Esri India's Journey in Shaping the Geospatial Landscape
AI can figure out sewing patterns from a single photo of clothing
AI Chip Boom Fuels Taiwan Firm's 40% Rally, Beating Qualcomm and Peers
US, UK, Japan, and other major powers sign AI security accord
Clarity AI and AWS advance Sustainable Investing at Scale
Researchers from China Introduce Video-LLaVA: A Simple but Powerful Large Visual-Language Baseline Model
Prompt injection explained, November 2023 edition
Self-hosted LanguageTool private instance is an offline alternative to Grammarly
Download ngrams
Disable .
Draw Fast
Blade Runner director Ridley Scott calls AI a  technical hydrogen bomb
Python One Liners
How to Smooth Any Path
Regular Expressions in Python
Transformers.js: ML for the Web, Now with Text-to-Speech
From Nvidia to Meta, these 9 companies are hiring the most generative AI talent
Alibaba shutters its quantum computing research lab, donating the equipment to Zhejiang University, a sign of broader cutbacks, and revamps its cloud unit (Jane Zhang/Bloomberg)
Global AI security guidelines endorsed by 18 countries
Fovia Ai to showcase AI Visualization at IAIP Exhibit, RSNA 2023
The US, the UK, and more than a dozen other countries release joint guidelines for AI system development, including creating systems that are  secure by design  (Reuters)
ByteDance Introduces PixelDance: A Novel Video Generation Approach based on Diffusion Models that Incorporates Image Instructions with Text Instruction
Why Meta Ray-Ban Will Fail
Tata to Double its iPhone Casing Unit in Hosur
Google Bard Can Now Summarize Youtube Videos For You
Microsoft Brings AI to Logic Apps (Standard) with Workflow Assistant in Public Preview
Researchers from UCL and Google DeepMind Reveal the Fleeting Dynamics of In-Context Learning (ICL) in Transformer Neural Networks
UK school pupils 'using AI to create indecent imagery of other children'
MonadGPT
CodebaseChat
AI Unveiled: From Everyday Smarts to Superintelligence
Maverick Medical AI announced partnership with RadNet
Is there an interest in resurrecting technical discussions of the latest research? [D]
ByteDance Introduces PixelDance: A Novel Video Generation Approach based on Diffusion Models that Incorporates Image Instructions with Text Instructions
Galileo's Hallucination Index and Performance Metrics Aim for Better LLM Evaluation
Co-creating better images of AI
InstaGraph
An interview with AWS CEO Adam Selipsky, ahead of re:Invent, on the multifaceted impact of generative AI, the role of AI chips, the OpenAI fiasco, and more (John Furrier/SiliconANGLE)
Synthetic Data Alone Won't Achieve AGI
An image of Israel Kamakawiwoole shows Google search still can't tell AI-generated pictures apart from genuine ones
New method uses crowdsourced feedback to help train robots
School children are using AI image generators to create indecent fake images of classmates, an internet safety organization warns
The real story of the OpenAI debacle is the tyranny of big tech | Sarah Radsch
Pixxel's Hyperspectral Odyssey
Mastering Recommendation Engines with Neural Collaborative Filtering
Reshaping the tree: rebuilding organizations for AI
When Marvel got a very good canteen
FastAPI Template for LLM SaaS Part 2   Celery and Pg-vector
This AI Paper Introduces 'Lightning Cat': A Deep Learning Based Tool for Smart Contracts Vulnerabilities Detection
Good News: Nobody Has to Work Anymore
How will generative AI affect future careers?
Cute Koala Illustration | CSS Art | CSS Project
Tech Skill Analysis [OC]
Guest Post: Meet LoRAX: The Open Source System that Serves 1000s of Fine-Tuned LLMs on a Single GPU*
Colorado lawyer suspended after using ChatGPT to file motion
The Problems Lurking in Hollywood's Historic AI Deal
Heard on the Street   11/27/2023
AI Image Annotation: The Subtle Art of Bringing Visual Data to Life
18 nations push for global 'secure by design' AI development
Adobe Stock Changes Policy on AI Images Depciting Real Events
Revolutionizing High-Voltage Controller Chips for Electric Vehicles
PhysicsX emerges from stealth with $32M for AI to power engineering simulations
Back to Basics Week 4: Advanced Topics and Deployment
Skeleton-of-Thoughts for LLMs
Tenstorrent Gains Momentum in Asia With Rapidus Partnership
The Download: unpacking OpenAI Q* hype, and X's financial woes
Elon Musk's Neuralink raises more cash ahead of human trials next year
Best Cyber Monday gaming laptop deals: Save up to $1,100 on Razer, Asus, and Alienware
NVIDIA Rides High on InfiniBands
Turning images into 3D models in minutes, not hours
FLaNK Stack Weekly for 27 November 2023
Warnings Emerge Over Emirati A.I. Firm G42's Ties to China
Europe's IT sector worried AI Act 'misses mark on tech neutrality'
[D] How to make AI model infernce faster?
Chat With Your PDF Using OpenAI Assistant API
10 Best AI Fashion Designer Tools
A Brief Introduction to Do-Calculus
[R] AI-Generated Images Introduce Invisible Relevance Bias to Text-Image Retrieval
'Authentic' Named Word of the Year as AI Blurs Line Between Real and Fake
Writing a Book on Computer Vision with PyTorch and you can become part of this journey
London-based PhysicsX, which uses AI for engineering simulations in automotive, aerospace, and other industries, raised a $32M Series A led by General Catalyst (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Securing generative AI across the technology stack
Mastering Data Modeling: Insights from a Data Product Developer
StreamingLLM gives language models unlimited context
Qlik expands Customers' Ability to Scale AI for Impact with AWS
A profile of Jensen Huang, the Taiwan-born, US-educated Nvidia founder, who started the company in 1993, and a look at Nvidia's rise, built on GPUs and CUDA (Stephen Witt/New Yorker)
New method uses crowdsourced feedback to train robots
Google Search for Singer Israel Kamakawiwoole Returns AI Images
New open-source  VS. old open-source
Research Solutions announces acquisition of scite
UK and US publish first global AI security guidelines
RapidAI announces a Series of Industry Firsts
Vladimir Putin says Russia must advance its AI research to compete with  monopolistic  West
How NVIDIA is Helping Foxconn Unleash its EV Ambitions
AI Will Drive Streaming Data Use   But Not Yet, Report Says
OpenAI, Q* and the anxiety of AI hype | The AI Beat
One-Minute Daily AI News 11/26/2023
Why AI Should Move Slow and Fix Things
How generative AI  will enhance cybersecurity in a zero-trust world
Sources: US officials issued warnings over Abu Dhabi-based AI company G42's work with Chinese companies, including Huawei; the CIA profiled G42 CEO Peng Xiao (New York Times)
Kumo.AI Unveils New Predictive AI Platform With SQL-Like Querying
TC Startup Battlefield master class with Lightspeed Ventures: Use generative AI to supercharge efficiency
How does Polars .rolling scale with the number of columns?
Elevate Your Business Analytics: Step-by-Step Guide To Seasonal Adjustment
From CSV to Complete Analytical Report with ChatGPT in 5 Simple Steps
Courage to Learn ML: Unraveling L1 & L2 Regularization (part 2)
Doritos' new AI software lets you crunch chips during calls without annoying your friends
Puzzling over the Postgres Query Planner with LLMs
Pre-Training Context is All You Need
UK and US lead international efforts to raise AI security standards
Sports Illustrated Published Articles by Fake, AI-Generated Writers
Courage to learn ML: Demystifying L1 & L2 Regularization (part 1)
Analysts: Nvidia's Data Center Revenue Quadruples in Q3
US, UK and a dozen more countries unveil pact to make AI 'secure by design'
Why does my PR curve look like this?
How To Make Responsive App Landing Page Website Design Using Pure HTML And CSS Only | Step By Step
Amir Haramaty, CEO & Co-Founder of aiOla   Interview Series
Every AI startup right now
GPT-4's potential in shaping the future of radiology
Want engineering superpowers? This GenAI startup is here to help
How AI 'sees' the world   what happened when we trained a deep learning model to identify poverty
Algorithms soon will run your life - and ruin it, if trained incorrectly
Should I build or buy an AI speech recognition system?
This do-it-all Deebot robot vacuum and mop is $455 off for Cyber Monday
[D] AISTATS 2024 Paper Reviews
Announcing HelpSteer: An Open-Source Dataset for Building Helpful LLMs
Elon Musk's xAI will launch 'Grok' chatbot this week: Here's what to expect
InVideo Review: The Best AI Video Generator in November 2023?
Microsoft Releases Orca 2: Pioneering Advanced Reasoning in Smaller Language Models with Tailored Training Strategies
Creating a movie finder app with Streamlit and OMDb API
OpenAI's Chaos Linked to Super Powerful New AI It Secretly Built
How the Artificial Intelligence Boom is Taking Data Aggregation to the Next Level
Batched K-Means with Python Numba and CUDA C
LMQL   SQL for Language Models
Contrary to reports, OpenAI probably isn't building humanity-threatening AI
Malloy
Python: __init__ is NOT a constructor: a deep dive in Python object creation
TSMC chairman bets on Nvidia becoming world's largest semiconductor company by year's end
Unveiling the Frontiers of Scientific Discovery with GPT-4: A Comprehensive Evaluation Across Multiple Disciplines for Large Language Models
Last Week in AI #247: Sam Altman returns to OpenAI, Cruise CEO resigns, Stability releases video diffusion models, Underage workers are labeling AI data, and more!
MIT, Google: Using Synthetic Images to Train AI Image Models
AI and its Possibilities/Destructions in Art.
Pentagon to Deploy AI-Enabled Vehicles by 2026 Amid China's Tech Advancements: Shifting Human Roles Emerge
Improving ChatGPT's Ability to Understand Ambiguous Prompts
[D] Do you obsessively watch your models train?
Study shows ChatGPT writes better school essays than students
Thoughts on Being a UI Dev Who Writes Their Own APIs
[R] System 2 Attention (is something you might need too)
The rise of AI is fueling a seamless technology evolution called ambient computing. Here's what that could mean for us.
The GAIA benchmark: Next-gen AI faces off against real-world challenges
California's privacy watchdog eyes AI rules with opt-out and access rights
Need a great robot vacuum and mop? Get an AI-powered Eufy for $650 on Cyber Monday
OpenAI Has Five Possible Paths To Monetization
Stable Video Diffusion Likely to Kick Off a Wave of Text-to-Video Services
How generative AI will deliver significant benefits to the service industry
CISA, NCSC Offer a Road Map, Not Rules, in New Secure AI Guidelines
This virtual garage sale lets you haggle with AIs to buy Tesla stock, a PS5 or a toilet magazine
Sports Illustrated Allegedly Dupes Readers With Fake AI-Created Writers
Creators of Fake Influencer Say She's Generating $11,000/Month
New Risk Calculation Record in Financial Services with Dell Technologies and NVIDIA H100 System for HPC and AI
This week in AI: The OpenAI debacle shows the perils of going commercial
US stocks end lower as Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales come into focus
Tensor networks: Enhancing interpretability and efficiency in quantum-inspired machine learning
DeepMind's DiLoCo Revolutionizes Language Model Training with 500 Less Communication
Arm Pushes AI into the Smallest IoT Devices with Cortex-M52 Chip
Sports Illustrated reportedly published articles from fake AI authors
Stable Diffusion Synthetic Media Hub Civitai Raises $5.1M
AI Startup Roundup: Intel, Comcast Back OpenAI Rival AI21
Use VSCode to write Terraform? AWS AI can now help you write your code!
Weekly Top Picks #53
Don't fall down the rabbit hole that is OpenAI's Q*
R Solution for Excel Puzzles
Reflections on AI Governance Global 2023
Beyond Prompt Engineering: Governing Prompts and AI Models
How do you do an  office hours  style meeting/presentation?
Generative AI is Google's worst enemy and greatest opportunity
Can AI push the boundaries of privacy and reach the subconscious mind?
UK police to trial new forensic footwear identification process
General Electric, DARPA Hack Claims Raise National Security Concerns
With AI chatbots, will Elon Musk and the ultra-rich replace the masses?
Is AI Alignable, Even in Principle?
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 20/11 to 26/11
Defending your voice against deepfakes
Seeing 3D images through the eyes of AI
The 3 biggest risks from generative AI - and how to deal with them
Stability AI releases Stable Video Diffusion, which turns pictures into short videos
Five AWS Predictions as re:Invent 2023 Kicks Off
Raku Blog Posts 2023.47/48
Microsoft gives up on internet search to build a better AI brand
Russia and Ukraine are both beefing up their air defenses ahead of another winter of bombardment
Elastic Looks to Simplify Queries with New Piped Language
Stay technical, go management, or consult?
Dutch biotech startup bags  22M for proprietary generative AI model
Google Alum's AI Startup Raises $24 Million for Biotech Work
Why OpenAI Fired Its CEO Sam Altman
Understanding Semantics html
ETH Zurich Researchers Introduce UltraFastBERT: A BERT Variant that Uses 0.3% of its Neurons during Inference while Performing on Par with Similar BERT Models
Cradle's AI-powered protein programming platform levels up with $24M in new funding
Cradle, which uses AI to help design and engineer proteins faster and more cost-effectively, raised a $24M Series A led by Index Ventures (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
Shares of SenseTime fell as much as 9.7% in Hong Kong, after a short seller accused the AI company of inflating its revenue; SenseTime refutes the allegations (Sarah Zheng/Bloomberg)
Europe has more AI talent than US, study finds
babyAC Mobile App
Omdia: Meta and Microsoft are expected to have received 150K Nvidia H100 GPUs each by the end of 2023, three times as many as Google, Amazon, or Oracle (Dan Robinson/The Register)
Q&A with Jeff Dean, chief scientist of Google DeepMind and Google Research, on Bard's launch, Gemini LLM, DeepMind-Brain merger, AI misinformation, and more (Samidha Sharma/The Economic Times)
Researchers present SuGaR: Surface-Aligned Gaussian Splatting for Speedy 3D Mesh Reconstruction
IBM collaborates with AWS to launch a New Cloud Database Offering
Will Hyderabad Dethrone Bangalore in the IT Hub Race?
AMD Inaugurates Largest Global Design Center in Bengaluru
Top AI Acquisitions of 2023!
Exclusive: Amazon AWS aims to outshine Microsoft with Gen AI offerings at Re:Invent
SenseTime Shares Drop 10% After Critical Grizzly Research Report
Hugging Face and Kaggle? (Machine Learning)
Python Type Hinting with Literal
Meet LEO: A Groundbreaking Embodied Multi-Modal Agent for Advanced 3D World Interaction and Task Solving
When Apple Meets OpenAI
[D] Is this normal or I'm just at the wrong company?
Abu Dhabi Launches AI Company A171: Competitor To OpenAI
Navigating the Release Journey of txtToWeb
This AI Paper from China Introduces 'Monkey': A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach to Enhance Input Resolution and Contextual Association in Large Multimodal Models
From the Perceptron to Adaline
Israel Gets Sensible and Thoughtful Musk
Bedrock exec questions, without evidence, if a former OpenAI board member is a Chinese agent
Anthropic Releases Claude 2.1: Revolutionizing Enterprise AI with Extended Context Window and Enhanced Accuracy
Evroc plans  600m raise to build Europe's first hyperscale cloud in Stockholm
Get started with exploratory data analysis
Sources: OpenAI board mulled adding Bret Taylor after three members resigned earlier in 2023, but lacked consensus, and it never got any letter warning about Q* (Casey Newton/Platformer)
Venting about management
GenAI biotech Cradle raises $24m Series A led by Index Ventures
[R] SuGaR: Surface-Aligned Gaussian Splatting for Efficient 3D Mesh Reconstruction and High-Quality Mesh Rendering
Shanghai Tech Zone Boosts Security Ahead of Reported Xi Visit
Lycris.io
European VC funding nearly halves in 2023, but shows resilience
Trying to get around restrictions
AWS announces AI foundation model enhancements to its automated speech recognition service Transcribe, now supporting 100+ languages, and to Personalize and Lex (Duncan Riley/SiliconANGLE)
McMaster University and FAIR Meta Researchers Propose a Novel Machine Learning Approach by Parameterizing the Electronic Density with a Normalizing Flow Ansatz
100 technical interview questions in the SLAM field
Microsoft Researchers Propose PIT (Permutation Invariant Transformation): A Deep Learning Compiler for Dynamic Sparsity
Mastering Long Short-Term Memory with Python: Unleashing the Power of LSTM in NLP
Faridabad-Netweb Now a Manufacturing Partner for the NVIDIA Grace CPU Superchips
AI Cloud Platform Gradient Partners With MongoDB
AWS' transcription platform is now powered by generative AI
Meet Slope TransFormer: A Large Language Model (LLM) Trained Specifically to Understand the Language of Banks
Cloud-First Data Science: A Modern Approach to Analyzing and Modeling Data
[D] NeurIPS 2023 Institutions Ranking
SignalFire announces Strategic Growth adding Nine New Team Members
OpenAI Hires Google TPU Lead to Head Hardware Division
Google Cloud Runs Ad on Sphere during AWS re:Invent at Las Vegas
Hands-On GenAI for Product & Engineering Leaders
'Lookahead Decoding': A Parallel Decoding Algorithm to Accelerate LLM Inference
Meet One-2-3-45++: An Innovative Artificial Intelligence  Method that Transforms a Single Image into a Detailed 3D Textured Mesh in Approximately One Minute
Virtu and 360T integrate FX trading analytics and TCA
This Nvidia co-founder lives a philanthropic, manifesto-writing,  off the grid  life
AI Revolutionizing the Workplace: Impact & Opportunities
Rethinking How Data is Stored and Processed Brings Scale and Speed to Modern Data-Intensive Applications
Saviynt and AWS to Revolutionize Cloud Identity & Access Management
India's Crucial Role in Fujitsu's Supercomputing Chip Monaka
5 Spectacular New Features of RunwayML
Academics can be 'bridge' to ethical development, says AI expert
AMD Eyes Big Wins with MI300X for AI Workloads
An in-depth reflection on Marc Andreessen's  techno-optimist manifesto : tech is amazing, the high cost of delays, AI and risk, d/acc, centralization, and more (Vitalik Buterin/Vitalik Buterin's website)
The US is racing ahead in its bid to control artificial intelligence   why is the EU so far behind? | Seth Lazar
Dataiku awarded 2023 AWS Global ISV AI/ML Partner of the Year Award
Four Ways SMBs Can Harness the Power of Data, Without a Data Scientist
A study of UK teenagers: 79% of online users aged 13 to 17 use generative AI, compared to 31% of internet users aged 16+; 51% of ages 7 to 17 use Snap's My AI (Ofcom)
Merriam-Webster says its word of the year is 'hard to define and subject to debate' &ndash; and has something to do with Taylor Swift
Building an app that uses AI to interpret dreams
This AI Paper Proposes a Novel Pre-Training Strategy Called Privacy-Preserving MAE-Align' to Effectively Combine Synthetic Data and Human-Removed Real Data
How eClerx is Shaping the Future by Transforming Business Processes with AI-ML
What Are The Long-Term Implications Of The OpenAI Chaos On The Tech Ecosystem?
How Does Semantic Search Work in Databases?
20+ Best Free Grocery Store HTML CSS Website Templates
Edge 347: What is Constitutional AI?
Google and MIT Researchers Introduce StableRep: Revolutionizing AI Training with Synthetic Imagery for Enhanced Machine Learning
How to reward good data quality in decision making?
'Authentic' is Merriam-Webster's Word of the Year Thanks to Fake AI Content
Sports Illustrated reportedly published articles by fake AI-generated writers
An approach that allows robots to learn in changing environments from human feedback and exploration
Mastering Web Scraping with BeautifulSoup
GPT-4 Vision Operates Computer Autonomously
A profile of Curtis Priem, Nvidia's co-founder and first CTO, who holds ~200 patents, sold his Nvidia stock years ago, and has donated $275M to his alma mater (Phoebe Liu/Forbes)
Varjo's XR-4 new mixed reality headsets   an enterprise alternative to Vision Pro?
The US, UK and 16 other countries sign agreement for safe AI development
Goldman Sachs Raided by Recruiters in Wall Street Fight for AI Talent
Solve Intelligence helps attorneys draft patents for IP analysis and generation
Pika Labs, which is building AI tools to generate and edit videos, raises $55M
Improving Retrieval Performance in RAG Pipelines with Hybrid Search
The frantic battle over OpenAI shows that money triumphs in the end | Robert Reich
Custom Scrollbar With CSS | Supported By All Major Browsers | CSS Project
Merriam-Webster's word of the year   authentic   reflects growing concerns over AI's ability to deceive and dehumanize
Writing instructors are less afraid of students cheating with ChatGPT than you might think
New York startup Micro1 is using AI to reinvent how companies hire engineers
How I'd learn ML in 2024 (If I Could Start over)
Dell Inks $150 Million Hardware Deal With AI Startup Imbue
BinaryX Launches AI Chat Game AI Hero With Limited NFT Mints
Meta Announces Generative AI Models Emu Video and Emu Edit
6 tools to kickstart your full-stack app with AI
Inside Orca 2: Microsoft New Method to Teach Reasoning to Small Language Models
Zapata AI earns Second DARPA Award for Quantum Benchmarking
Inflection AI Unveils 'Second Most Capable LLM in the World' Inflection-2
Generative AI is fueling the recovery of European SaaS
Wix CEO Avishai Abrahami on why the web isn't dying after all
Be Like Microsoft: How OpenAI Customers Bend the Rules to Save Money
Amazon unveils new chips for training and running AI models
Launch of Altair RapidMiner 2023 to Deliver Powerful GenAI Capabilities
Train ChatGPT on your Documentation
Dataminr, the $4B big data startup, is laying off 20% of staff today, or 150 people, as it preps to double down on AI
Reverse-engineering LLM results to find prompts used to make them
Using large language models to code new tasks for robots
Starling-7B is a compact but capable LLM trained with AI feedback
Amazon Updates Homegrown Chips, Even as It Grows Nvidia Ties
An introduction to science communication at #NeurIPS2023
Why Samsara Picked Ray to Train AI Dashcams
Procurement in the age of AI
The Obsbot Tail Air is a Compact 4K PTZ Camera With AI AF and Tracking
Study shows: Gen Z among early adopters of generative AI
Challenges for chip startups: TSMC and Nvidia dominate and hold thousands of patents, buying chipmaking gear, and complexity; Nvidia's $300K H100 has 35K parts (June Yoon/Financial Times)
Amazon Infuses AWS Services With Generative AI
LLMs accelerate Adyen's support team through smart-ticket routing and support agent copilot
Streamline your Workflow with VSCode Dev Containers & Red Hat Images
Stability AI: Challenges and Outlook for the One-Time King of Text-to-Image Generation
This AI newsletter is all you need #75
Shooting for the stars: The healthtech using cosmology and AI to try to cure cancer
The Evolution of GPT-4: Crafting Python Plotly Dashboards With Ease
How Big Data Is Saving Lives in Real Time: IoV Data Analytics Helps Prevent Accidents
Why does the EU AI Act hang in the balance? The OpenAI drama offers clues
Amazon AWS is offering free AI training tools to guide users
[Discussion] What part of your job do you finding yourself wasting time on most each week?
Gaussian Mixture Models (GMMs): from Theory to Implementation
People Are Absolutely Roasting Sports Illustrated's Ridiculous Excuse for Its AI-Generated Writers
Large Language Models: DeBERTa   Decoding-Enhanced BERT with Disentangled Attention
Amazon Introduces Q, an A.I. Chatbot for Companies
Pika, a startup building AI tools to generate and edit videos, raised $55M led by Lightspeed Venture Partners, after emerging from stealth six months ago (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
AWS Launches New Chips for AI Training and Its Own AI Chatbot
Going the Next Step with Stock Measures in DAX
Amazon unveils Q, an AI-powered chatbot for businesses
Generative Video Startup Pika Labs Launches Version 1.0, Raises $55 Million in Funding
Amazon Announces  Amazon Q,  the Company's Generative AI Assistant
Overcoming The Push and Pull of AI: Lessons from IT Teams in Making AI Work for You
Take the 'AI Innovation Challenge' and Unleash Your Creativity with NVIDIA Jetson
Generate Information-Rich Text for a Strong Cross-Modal Interface in LLMs with De-Diffusion
This no-fee video doorbell can guard your packages this holiday season
AWS Unveils Graviton4, Trainium2 for Faster, Affordable AI Model Building
This AI-powered Eufy robot vacuum and mop is still only $650 after Cyber Monday
How AI 'sees' the world: What happened when we trained a deep learning model to identify poverty
[P] Alignment-as-code: Making LLM applications behave with Tanuki.
Not only coding: Top Skills to look for in a Python Developer
EDA With Binary Classification
Lenovo's EMEA Infrastructure CTO on How AI is Changing Retail
Tech Conference Canceled After Using AI to Generate Fake Women Speakers
Amazon says its next-gen chips are four times faster for AI training
Improving k-Means Clustering with Disentanglement
ML.NET 3.0 Boosts Deep Learning, Data Processing for .NET-Based AI Apps
Amazon's 'Q' Is Less AI Conspiracy, More Corporate Chatbot
Exploring a 3D city with just HTML and CSS
Deep fake activism: Campaign uses AI to target Germany's far-right party
Philosophy and Data Science   Thinking Deeply About Data
One Giant Superchip for LLMs, Recommenders, and GNNs: Introducing NVIDIA GH200 NVL32
What are the best data teams in business history?
Sports Illustrated accused of publishing articles written by AI
AWS unveils new Trainium AI chip and Graviton 4, extends Nvidia partnership
Q&A: A UNC Health Rex Leader Shares a Clinician's Perspective on AI
Amazon's Answer to ChatGPT Is a Workplace Assistant Called Q
Breaking Down Stable Video Diffusion: The Next Frontier in AI Imaging
AWS Subtly Calls Out OpenAI ChatGPT Security Flaws, Introduces Bedrock Guardrails
Build Enterprise Retrieval-Augmented Generation Apps with NVIDIA Retrieval QA Embedding Model
Build Your First Custom GPT in Less than 2 Minutes
Amazon unveils Q, its AI chatbot for workers
Amazon launches Amazon Q, a workplace-focused AI assistant starting at $20/user/month that competes with ChatGPT Enterprise, Microsoft's Copilot, and others (Karen Weise/New York Times)
System Design Cheatsheets: ElasticSearch
Salmonn: Towards Generic Hearing Abilities For Large Language Models
AWS re:Invent 2023: the biggest news and announcements
AWS adds Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock to help safeguard LLMs
London Finance Workers to See Biggest AI Impact, UK Report Finds
Conformal Prediction for Machine Learning Classification -From the Ground Up
AWS launches Guardrails in preview to help companies implement safeguards for LLMs, available for foundational models and agents on Amazon Bedrock (Ron Miller/TechCrunch)
Docker CTO Explains How Docker Can Support AI Efforts
Voronoi Grids: A Practical Application
Pika Labs launches version 1.0 of its impressive AI video generator
Amazon's new Echo Frames are lighter, louder, and start shipping next week
New technique helps LLMs improve reasoning by ignoring irrelevant information
[R] Cross-Axis Transformer with 2d Rotary Embeddings
How to Easily Add AI to Your Applications
Sculpting Art from Chaos: Diffusion Models   DDPMs
AWS takes the cheap shots
Prominent Women in Tech Say They Don't Want to Join OpenAI's All-Male Board
The History of Open-Source LLMs: Imitation and Alignment (Part Three)
This AI Paper Explores the Fusion of Cognitive Science and Machine Learning in Pursuit of Superhuman Mathematical Systems
My go-to robot vacuum and mop is still $455 off following Cyber Monday
Highlights from the AWS re:Invent keynote: Q AI, strong bedrock foundation, and a smarter cloud
Algorithm appreciation overcomes algorithm aversion, advertising content study finds
The 'self-operating' computer emerges
Researchers develop large language model for medical knowledge
ChatGPT creates persuasive, phony medical report
Nvidia brings new Retriever, DGX Cloud and Project Ceiba supercomputer to AWS
The absolute mediocrity of the world's first all-AI singer-songwriter, Anna Indiana
Amazon to Release an AI Chatbot Called Q for Corporate Customers
AWS launches S3 Express One Zone, an S3 tier aimed at data-intensive applications with a 10x write speed improvement and 50% lower request cost than standard S3 (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
Amazon's Q AI assistant lets users ask questions about their company's data
Courage to Learn ML: Demystifying L1 & L2 Regularization (part 3)
Researchers from Meta AI Introduce Style Tailoring: A Text-to-Sticker Recipe to Finetune Latent Diffusion Models (LDMs) in a Distinct Domain with High Visual Quality
How to Partner With AI to Improve Your Human-First Workflow
HPE reports Q4 revenue down 7% YoY to $7.4B, Compute revenue down 31% YoY to $2.6B, HPC & AI revenue up 37% YoY to $1.2B, Intelligent Edge revenue up 41% YoY (Jon Swartz/MarketWatch)
Co-learning to improve autonomous driving
[D] What is the motivation for parameter-efficient fine tuning if there's no significant reduction in runtime or GPU memory usage?
Why a Cybersecurity Startup Is Boosting Its Influencer Marketing Budget
Enhancing your team's performance by building a data culture
A new, reactive Python+SQL notebook to help you turn your data exploration into a live app
Meet GPT Crawler: An AI Tool that can Crawl a Site to Generate Knowledge Files to Create a Custom GPT from One or Multiple URLs
Custom Video Classification Using YOLOv8n
what's the best medical ai model that is easily accessed by the public?
ROScribe release v0.0.4: training ROScribe with ROS Index to create an AI agent expert in robotics
This Machine Learning Research from DeepMind Introduces Vector Quantized Models (VQ) for Advanced Planning in Dynamic Environments
Cut Inferencing Costs with New Software Method from Vicuna Developers
Amazon Unveils Q: A Generative AI Chatbot that can be Tailored Specifically to a Business
Nearly 40 and burnt out. How am I supposed to last to retirement?
I made a weird AI app that brings perspective to passing time.
Mother plucker: Steel fingers guided by AI pluck weeds rapidly and autonomously
Training Lineup for 2024: January-June
Dell signs a $150M deal with Imbue, which raised $200M in September, to provide the AI startup with computing hardware to develop AI systems and advanced models (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Amazon Q: AWS' answer to Microsoft's GPT-driven Copilot
Amazon Launches AI Assistant, Amazon Q
The 2024 Hyundai Santa Fe adds edge to a comfortable family cruiser
The Power of Prompting
YAML developer is a profession
Enhancing Idea Exploration in Large Language Models: An overview of the Algorithm of Thoughts Approach
[Discussion] Knowledge distillation is badly defined
Workers suffer when AI gets it wrong, argues professor
Your LLM hallucinates, Why?
The cover of my linear regression textbook would seem to indicate that sex is the primary driver of salary.
OpenAI Isn't Expected to Offer Microsoft, Other Investors a Board Seat
AJAX Explained: Enhancing User Experience with Asynchronous javascript
Nvidia is bundling 3 months of Game Pass and GeForce Now with RTX 4000 GPUs until early January
Adobe's DMV3D Achieves SOTA Performance for High-Fidelity 3D Objects Generation Within Seconds
Most AI startups are doomed
AWS Unveils AI Chatbot, New Chips and Enhanced 'Bedrock'
Sports Illustrated Union Says It's  Horrified  by Publication of AI-Generated Writers
AI won't take your job, might shrink your wages, European Central Bank reckons
data.table User Survey
Sports Illustrated Fires Media Provider With Authors That Had AI-Generated Portraits
Revolutionizing Digital Art: Researchers at Seoul National University Introduce a Novel Approach to Collage Creation Using Reinforcement Learning
Amazon launches Q, a business chatbot powered by generative artificial intelligence
Run 70B LLM Inference on a Single 4GB GPU with Our New Open Source Technology
Amazon Q launched today at #AWSreInvent2023
aws #AWSreInvent #awsreinvent2023 #awscommunitybuilders #awscommunity
This founder used AI to build his paralysed daughter an exoskeleton. Now he's raised money to turn it into a business that will teach you anything
Sequoia-Backed Mobikwik Said to Pick Banks for $84 Million IPO
Ex-Apple AI Scientist Helps Northvolt Speed Up Battery Making
OpenAI doesn't plan to offer Microsoft or other outside investors a board seat: reports
This AI Research Introduces GAIA: A Benchmark Defining the Next Milestone in General AI Proficiency
EPFL Researchers Develop Open Source LLM for Healthcare
Fake AI-generated woman on tech conference agenda leads Microsoft and Amazon execs to drop out
Web Development Resources #176
Amazon Q is a Generative AI Copilot for Business Untethered from Enterprise Apps
Good luck finding competent Copilot help, warns Microsoft MVP
[D] Is kaggel a good platform to learn machine learning ?
Spatial autocorrelation
Banjo Health and Opala announced strategic partnership
Pryon accelerates AI Research and Innovation with Oracle
Why AI Will Save the World
Now Everyone's a Filmmaker, Thanks to Pika
Mistral, Aleph Alpha and Big Tech's lobbying on AI safety will hurt startups
AI Agents   Dream Team of GPT Assistants
Here is Free AI Webinar: 'How to Build Custom GPTs Using OpenAI Functions' [Nov 30 2023, 10 am PST]
This AI Research from China Introduces GS-SLAM: A Novel Approach for Enhanced 3D Mapping and Localization
125k offer as a data scientist but I have no idea what a data scientist does
Big Tech in charge as ChatGPT turns one
DataDome unveiled insights from its US Bot Security Report
Astronomer announced a new set of Apache Airflow  integrations
AWS re:Invent was All About Reinventing OpenAI
Amazon unveils AI business assistant Q to take on ChatGPT
5 Code Optimization Techniques To Speed Up Your Programs
AI in Customer Experience: Don't Get Left Behind
Coach - Business Coaching Bootstrap 5 HTML Template
DSFederal announces Strategic Alliance with Taiwan AI Labs
IsHalal.info
Stable Diffusion XL Turbo generates AI images in real-time
Nvidia Shares Will Struggle to Repeat a Stellar Year
Q&A with Wix CEO Avishai Abrahami on Wix's embrace of AI, how the business models of the web can survive AI, Israel-Hamas war content moderation, and more (Nilay Patel/The Verge)
Generative AI can easily be made malicious despite guardrails, say scholars
Mavy
Free DALL E 3 Avatar Generator
Comet Launches Course on Building with LLMs
Create Ebooks From Scratch in Just Three Clicks for Only $25 Through 12/3
Charlie Munger was still a master of the one-liner in his 90s, calling crypto 'venereal disease' and AI overhyped
Sports Illustrated is the latest media company damaged by an AI experiment gone wrong
If your country had an animal king...
Microsoft ML.NET 3.0 expands deep learning capabilities
AI Titans Unleashed: Amazon Q, ChatGPT, Copilot, Google Bard - A Race for Technological Supremacy
GenAI is highly inaccurate for business use   and getting more opaque
SDXL Turbo Playground
How to use Pandas for data analysis in Python
Building Intelligent Applications with Machine Learning APIs
Nvidia cofounder lives off the grid, owns a private jet named Snoopy, and gives out single-use email addresses to avoid spam
UCL and Imperial College London Researchers Unveil Energy-Efficient Machine Learning through Task-Adaptive Reservoir Computing
Unchained Robotics raises  5.5 M to unlock the future of automation
How to build a Midjourney API with Nest.js
If Sam Altman was from India
Dell Secures $150 Million Hardware Deal with AI Startup Imbue
AWS unveils an AI chatbot for enterprises - here's how to try it out for free
Artificial intelligence shares our confidence bias, research reveals
A man was sentenced to 3 months in a Dubai jail after he insulted airport staff who didn't bring his mom a wheelchair
Stability AI Has Explored Sale as Investor Urges CEO to Resign
Jensen Huang Brings re:Invent to Life
Amazon now also has a chatbot that is worse than GPT-4
AIhub monthly digest: November 2023   deconstructing sentiment analysis, few-shot learning for medical images, and Angry Birds structure generation
The Largest LLM Benchmarking Suite: MEGAVERSE
Squint peers at $13M led by Sequoia for AR aimed at B2B to interact with physical objects
How Pfizer is Saving Lives with AWS's Generative AI Services
[D] Is it legal to train on audio that is copyright infringing but not traditionally copyrighted?
Build RAG pipelines with txtai
Spotify Wrapped returns to reveal your 2023 streaming stats
Sam Altman chaos helped OpenAI rivals, says Hugging Face CEO Clment Delangue
3 Myths About AI Investing
4 reasons to use open-source LLMs (especially after the OpenAI drama)
GM Slashes Spending on Robotaxi Unit Cruise, in Setback For Driverless Cars
Amazon Q: ChatGPT for Enterprise
MeshGPT: Generating Triangle Meshes with Decoder-Only Transformers [R]
Knowledge Series #14: CSS Frameworks Explained
AWS Teases 65 Exaflop 'Ultra-Cluster' with Nvidia, Launches New Chips
What is generative AI and how can Amazon Bedrock help businesses?
Learn Probability in Computer Science with Stanford University for FREE
What is MLOps?
How LLMs like ChatGPT Can Change the Way We Trade
G.M. to Cut Spending on Cruise Self-Driving Unit
What ChatGPT Means for Toddlers
OpenAI Director Who Helped Oust Altman Now Key Player in Startup's Future
Will AI Regulation Stifle Progress?
Stable Diffusion for Videos Explained
GM CEO Mary Barra says the company plans to slow Cruise's expansion and significantly cut spending at the self-driving unit in response to safety concerns (New York Times)
AI: A Mirror on Humanity (Part 1)
The Sequence Chat: Jeff Bussgang   Flybridge Capital, Harvard Business School, About Investing in Generative AI
[R]  It's not just memorizing the training data  they said: Scalable Extraction of Training Data from (Production) Language Models
NEX
Beyond Human Boundaries: The Rise of SuperIntelligence
The Download: the year's most-read climate stories, and Amazon's chatbot
Business Intelligence vs Data Analytics vs Artificial Intelligence: What are the differences?
Layla taps into AI and creator content to build a travel recommendation app
Facebook Researchers Test AI's Intelligence and Find It Is Unfortunately Quite Stupid
AWS and NVIDIA expand partnership to advance generative AI
5 Interesting Startup Deals You May Have Missed In November: Mindful Drinking, AI Workers And A Doctor's Office With No Doctor
Spotify Wrapped 2023 adds an AI DJ and Blend to the annual personalized insights
People Are Animating Popular Memes With AI to Horrific Effect
Is this the correct usage of unsupervised ML?
AI not an immediate existential threat but 'safety brakes' needed: Microsoft
Nvidia RTX 3080 ex-cryptomining cards are being turned into 20GB AI accelerators in China
AWS Launches High-Speed Amazon S3 Express One Zone
GM to slash spending at Cruise by 'hundreds of millions of dollars'
Augmenting the realities of work
3 ways AI can help farmers tackle the challenges of modern agriculture
How to scale a business-ready AI platform with watsonx: Q&A with IBM
Tola Capital, investing in AI-enabled enterprise software, closes largest fund at $230M
Sources: British AI startup Stability AI held early-stage talks with multiple companies about a sale, as executives face investor pressure over its finances (Bloomberg)
How AI could reveal secrets of thousands of handwritten documents   from medieval manuscripts to hieroglyphics
Startup Bluedot integrates AI speech-to-text to build powerful new AI app
How HubSpot Uses Apache Kafka Swimlanes for Timely Processing of Workflow Actions
How does Bing Chat Surpass ChatGPT in Providing Up-to-Date Real-Time Knowledge? Meet Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Can we use AI to tackle internet accessibility?
Amazon unveils super fast AI chips to compete with Nvidia, AMD and Microsoft
Eta Compute Signs Up NXP for TinyML Platform
AI Turned These Memes Into Videos and It's the Worst Thing I've Ever Seen
This AI Research Introduces FollowNet: A Comprehensive Benchmark Dataset for Car-Following Behavior Modeling
Train Generative AI Models for Drug Discovery with NVIDIA BioNeMo Framework
[D] What is your favorite way to show your work at your job?
Pacing, Effort and Stamina
Amazon debuts Titan Image Generator, an AI model that can create images from text and add invisible watermarks to them, in preview for AWS customers on Bedrock (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Mini-LLM Zephyr-7B keeps pace with 70 billion parameter models
Amazon's Titan line now includes an AI image generator
Microsoft's billions can't buy a seat on OpenAI's new board
What You're Feeling Is Shiny Object Syndrome
AWS and NVIDIA Announce New Strategic Partnership
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang has 50 direct reports. Here's why.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai Compares AI to Climate Change
[R] Millions of new materials discovered with deep learning
Format your data like this to dramatically improve your LLMs' math skills
Voice AI for Kids Startup SoapBox Labs Acquired by Edtech Firm Curriculum Associates
My First Impressions of Amazon Q
Benzinga Retracts  Interview  With Rapper That Was Allegedly AI-Generated
Keras 3.0 deep learning API backs TensorFlow, PyTorch, Jax
Boost Meeting Productivity with AI-Powered Note-Taking and Summarization
OpenAI's Custom Chatbots Are Leaking Their Secrets
Notebooks = Chat++ and RAG = RecSys!   with Bryan Bischof of Hex Magic
Training and Deploying a Custom Detectron2 Model for Object Detection using PDF Documents (Part 1.
AWS re:Invent: Text and Image Generative AI Embeddings Come to Amazon Titan
New AI Security Guidelines Published by NCSC, CISA & More International Agencies
Adversarial Diffusion Distillation
A 'silly' attack made ChatGPT reveal real phone numbers and email addresses
Chatbot Boom Has Cyber Experts Racing to Counter AI Hacking
Google AI Introduces AltUp
8 ways AI and 5G are pushing the boundaries of innovation together
New Course: Introduction to Transformer-Based Natural Language Processing
I've never seen a model that can do good pixel art until now.
New AI Tools Open the Door for Greater Astrobiology Research
Orbiting Back On A Year of Generative AI, As We Slingshot Ourselves Into the Future
A year of ChatGPT: 5 ways the AI marvel has changed the world
What is Amazon PartyRock and How Did AWS Launch a Marketplace Before OpenAI's GPTs?
Copilot AI Takes Over Git Commits in Visual Studio 2022
Stable Diffusion Turbo XL can generate AI images as fast as you can type
With Neptune Analytics, AWS combines the power of vector search and graph data
Nvidia CEO Says US Will Take Years to Achieve Chip Independence
Researchers Made an IQ Test for AI, Found They're All Pretty Stupid
What does the future hold for generative AI?
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says artificial general intelligence will be achieved in five years
Demystifying Time Series Outliers: 2/4
Amazon Has Developed Its Own Version of an AI Image Generator
AWS reInvent: Everything Amazon's announced, from new AI tools to LLM updates and more
Tortoise CSS Art | CSS Project With Source Code
In a First, UK High Court Rules AI Can Be Patented
The Power of Retrieval Augmented Generation: A Comparison between Base and RAG LLMs with Llama2
Microsoft Paint's OpenAI-powered 'Cocreator' image generator is here
Adding Long Term Memory to OpenGPTs
Australian uni students are warming to ChatGPT. But they want more clarity on how to use it
Perplexity AI Introduces New Online LLMs for Real-Time Information Access
AWS updates Bedrock, SageMaker to boost generative AI offerings
What if ChatGPT were good for ethics?
RunwayML's new Motion Brush feature is unreal
The Impact of AI on Job Markets: Challenges and Opportunities
Amazon now has its own AI image generator
llamafile is the new best way to run a LLM on your own computer
How to make ChatGPT provide sources and citations
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 20/11 to 26/11
How do you make a robot smarter? Program it to know what it doesn't know
How Google and OpenAI prompted GPT-4 to deliver more timely answers
Google Maps is Now Improved With AI Features
KDnuggets News, November 29: 5 Free Courses to Master Machine Learning   Stunning Data Viz with ChatGPT
Amazon's New AI Image Generator Creates an 'Invisible Watermark' on Every Deepfake
'Titan' is Amazon's Debut AI-Powered Text-to-Image Generator
Researchers develop a  divergence attack  that makes ChatGPT emit sequences copied from its training data, by prompting the LLM to repeat a word numerous times (Alex Ivanovs/Stack Diary)
Streamline Job Initialization and CPU-Based Tasks with NVIDIA Base Command Platform
Nvidia CEO says he wakes up every morning worried his company might fail
Google DeepMind Unveils New AI Tool to Discover New Materials
Key Takeaways from AWS re:Invent 2023
OpenAI Refuses to Comment on Secretive Q* AI
[R] MMMU: A Massive Multi-discipline Multimodal Understanding and Reasoning Benchmark for Expert AGI
AI- and human-generated online content are considered similarly credible, finds study
Format your numbers like this to dramatically improve your LLM's math skills
AWS Clean Rooms ML lets companies securely collaborate on AI
Perplexity announces two online LLMs that can access the internet to deliver up-to-date responses, available via Perplexity's API and Labs web interface (Kristi Hines/Search Engine Journal)
Stability AI Seeks Sale as Investors Lose Confidence in CEO
How to master   Big Data pipelines with Taipy and PySpark
Blackstone Finds a Diamond in the Ruff With Rover
How did you get your current job?
These ex-Apple employees are bringing AI to the desktop
Deciphering Auditory Processing: How Deep Learning Models Mirror Human Speech Recognition in the Brain
Building an AI Translation App With NextJS by Extracting JSON From OpenAI's API
Understanding the Concept of GPT-4V(ision): The New Artificial Intelligence Trend
Google DeepMind announces it's found millions of new materials using deep learning
Amazon will offer human benchmarking teams to test AI models
OpenAI adds Microsoft as a non-voting observer on the nonprofit board that controls OpenAI, as Sam Altman's return as CEO is made official (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Sam Altman's officially back at OpenAI   and the board gains a Microsoft observer
Microsoft to Become Non-Voting Observer on OpenAI Board as Three Directors Resign
Substack rolls out video creation and editing tools to enable creators to publish video podcasts, create interactive AI-made transcripts, and customize clips (Taylor Lorenz/Washington Post)
Microsoft Gets a Seat At OpenAI's Board as a Non-Voting Observer
Two questions: what is your outlook on artificial intelligence and how close is your financial well-being tied to the industry?
Sophos Anticipates AI-Based Attack Techniques and Prepares Detections
Microsoft joins OpenAI's board with Sam Altman officially back as CEO
This AI Research from MIT and Meta AI Unveils an Innovative and Affordable Controller for Advanced Real-Time In-Hand Object Reorientation in Robotics
Former Google CEO Warns AI Could Endanger Humanity Within Five Years
Google DeepMind: Millions of new materials discovered with deep learning
Artificial intelligence is already in our hospitals. 5 questions people want answered
OpenAI Will Add Microsoft as Board Observer, Plans Governance Changes
Microsoft joins OpenAI board as Sam Altman returns as CEO
Sam Altman Officially Returns to OpenAI With a New Board Seat for Microsoft
fast.ai Book in Rust - Chapter 2 - Part 1
Elon Musk thinks OpenAI may have made a dangerous discovery &mdash; and that's behind the Sam Altman drama
GitHub Actions workflows: How to replace YAML with a visual editor
How important is to have a Data Science portfolio nowadays
Tata Technologies to Boost Hot India IPO Market on Trading Debut
Meta: If you're in our house running AI-massaged political ads, you need to 'fess up
More AI, More Problems
Back at OpenAI, Sam Altman Outlines the Company's Priorities
Nvidia CEO: US chip independence may take 20 years to achieve
At re:Invent, AWS unveiled Model Evaluation on Bedrock in preview to help companies evaluate AI models before use, with human testers involved in the process (Emilia David/The Verge)
[R] Google DeepMind: 2.2 million new materials discovered using GNN (380k most stable, 736 already validated in labs)
Musk Says Neuralink Has Never Caused the Death of a Monkey
Google DeepMind uses AI to discover 2.2 million new materials   equivalent to nearly 800 years' worth of knowledge. Shares they've already validated 736 in laboratories.
A gentle reminder that the market is a shitshow now if you are looking for a job. Just hang in there.
Interview: Sam Altman on being fired and rehired by OpenAI
Apple Researchers Introduce Parallel Speculative Sampling (PaSS): A Leap in Language Model Efficiency and Scalability
A former OpenAI board member says Sam Altman's firing wasn't 'motivated by a desire to slow down OpenAI's work'
Tola Capital closes Fund III to Invest in the Next Gen of AI Companies
Apple and Google avoid naming ChatGPT as their 'app of the year,' picking AllTrails and Imprint instead
Researchers from Tokyo University of Science Developed a Deep Learning Model that can Detect a Previously Unknown Quasicrystalline Phase in Materials Science
Revolutionize The Way You Edit Photos With Luminar Neo, on Sale For $149.97
maintaining docker vs conda-environment
AI drones could help with mine clearance in Ukraine
AI image generator Stable Diffusion perpetuates racial and gendered stereotypes, study finds
This AI Research Review Explores the Integration of Satellite Imagery and Deep Learning for Measuring Asset-Based Poverty
OpenAI's boardroom drama is over. and has just begun
[D] Insights from Deploying CodeLlama 34Bn Model with Multiple Libraries
Deepmind's GNoME AI tool speeds up crystal research by 800 years
Introducing a Special Guest Writer: ChatGPT
Tackling AI's Black Box: Howso Challenges PyTorch and JAX
Pokemon inspired fashion show
HPE, NVIDIA Collaborate for Generative AI on Edge and Cloud
Voicemod will now let you create and share your own AI voices
A Year After ChatGPT, Everybody Still Wants Prompt Engineers
Microsoft's billions can't buy a voting seat on new OpenAI board
Amazon Titan Crushes Google's Imagen, Meta's CM3leon
Researchers from University College London Introduce DSP-SLAM: An Object Oriented SLAM with Deep Shape Priors
5 types of new jobs that AI could create
Embracing Prudence and Pragmatism: Tredence's Ethos for Innovation-led Product Development
How Amazon's Silicon Innovation Is Instrumental in AWS Success
How Swedish battery maker Northvolt uses AI at its Skellefte&aring; factory to help speed up EV battery making, led by former Apple AI researcher Siddharth Khullar (Rafaela Lindeberg/Bloomberg)
DeepMind discovers millions of potential materials using AI
What Role Should AI Play in Healthcare?
Eye On AI: With Altman Saga Over, What's The Next AI Drama?
Ampere Computing: Unlocking a Path to the Sustainable Cloud
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman went on an 18-month, $85 million real-estate shopping spree &mdash; including a previously unknown Hawaii estate
What is Multimodal Artificial Intelligence? Its Applications and Use Cases
Novva Data Centers expanding to San Francisco
Sam Altman said he was hurt and angry after OpenAI ousting &ndash; but had to get over ego and emotions to discuss his return
How Vector Databases Work: A Hands-On Tutorial!
Mongo integrates MongoDB Atlas Vector Search with Amazon Bedrock
Presentation: PostgresML: Leveraging Postgres as a Vector Database for AI
[D]: Understanding GPU Memory Allocation When Training Large Models
One-Minute Daily AI News 11/29/2023
Top 7 Generative AI Conferences Worldwide
Avoid Overfitting in Neural Networks: a Deep Dive
OpenAI is Nothing Without Ilya
OpenAI names new board with Microsoft as non-voting partner
Nagarro's Approach to Generative AI: Tailoring Tools for Enterprise Needs
At the NYT's DealBook event, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says the US is 10 years to 20 years from chip independence and reaffirms Nvidia's commitment to China (Ian King/Bloomberg)
ASML CEO Peter Wennink plans to step down in April 2024 after over 10 years at the chip equipment giant, replaced by industry veteran Christophe Fouquet (Tim Bradshaw/Financial Times)
Nonprofit Data & Trust Alliance, comprising Amex, IBM, Pfizer, UPS, and more, announces AI data provenance standards to help find the origin and rights to data (Steve Lohr/New York Times)
SiMa.ai & Supermicro to Accelerate Power Efficient ML at the Edge
Future-Proof Your AI Strategy
Sam Altman suddenly looks less powerful. The panic caused by OpenAI's near-death experience is to blame.
NVIDIA Unveils CUDA Quantum 0.5 to Accelerate Quantum Workflows with GPUs
HTML Data Attributes: One of the Original State Management Libraries
feat: add most used languages graph #2158
ASML Plans to Name New CEO as Current Heads Retire in 2024
Senior Citizen Falls Victim to Deep Fake Extortion Plot
Building GPT-boosted chatbots with Copilot Studio
AWS Announces Amazon Q, a New Generative AI Powered Assistant
Bitmagic launches public test for AI-based tool to create games with text prompts
Duck AI Introduces DuckTrack: A Multimodal Computer Interaction Data Collector
A developer's introduction to graph databases
PyTorch Introduction  Tensors and Tensor Calculations
AWS updates its Clean Rooms service with machine learning features
Elon Musk denies Neuralink monkeys died gruesome deaths, saying they live in 'monkey paradise'
What is a RAG?
Will Stability AI Survive?
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says he constantly worries that the company will fail
PagerDuty announces the Latest Capability from PagerDuty Copilot
IBM extends NASA collaboration to apply generative AI to weather
Some OpenAI employees are still feeling uneasy and looking for other jobs despite Sam Altman's return, report says
Deeptech is one of Europe's most resilient sectors in 2023
Local media: David Vincenzetti, who founded infamous spyware maker Hacking Team in 2003, was arrested for allegedly stabbing and attempting to murder a relative (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
ASML Shares Gained 900% During Wennink's Decade-Long CEO Tenure
Rising 2024 Announced: AIM's Flagship Summit on Tech Diversity and Inclusion
Nvidia boss says achieving US chip independence could take up to 20 years
Inside Fuyu-8B: Adept's Super Innovative Multimodal Foundation Model for AI Agents
ChatGPT Can Reveal Personal Information From Real People, Google Researchers Show
How Canadian companies are using AI as ChatGPT marks first anniversary
How to Use Python If-Else Statements
Employee burnout at AWS is reminiscent of another top firm's push to get bigger
Bedrock Is All About Choices
DeepMind's AI has found more new materials in a year than scientists have in centuries
ChatGPT is winning the future   but what future is that?
5 Free Courses to Master Data Engineering
OpenAI is a nonprofit-corporate hybrid: A management expert explains how this model works - and how it fueled the tumult around CEO Sam Altman's short-lived ouster
US Data Science Skill Report 11/22-11/29
Can AI solve your problem?
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #3
CGDream.ai
Viral Images of Dead Infants in Israel-Gaza War Are AI Fakes, Experts Say
You Can Generate AI Images in Real Time on Stable Diffusion's New Model
US intelligence probes G42, Abu Dhabi's AI powerhouse and OpenAI partner
AI inspires new approach to adaptive control systems
Amazon Neptune Launches a New Analytics Engine and the One Graph Vision
One year on: What was the impact of ChatGPT?
Call for AI-themed holiday videos, art, poems and more
To Continue Innovating, OpenAI Should Return to Its Nonprofit Roots
Sam Altman officially back as OpenAI CEO:  We didn't lose a single employee
Extract phone call insights with LLMs in Python
VoiceRec: AI Vocal Recorder
Maximize the Taste of Your Pizza
An Ex-Executive of Scale AI is Taking On His Former Employer; A Stability-Amazon Showdown
Microsoft to invest 2.5bn in UK for AI development
Artificial intelligence paves way for new medicines
AI, AR Drive Memory Updates
Photomator Named 'Mac App of the Year,' Generative AI is 2023's Big Trend
Bind
Introduction to LLM Agents
Google rolls out updates to Android, Wear OS, and Google TV devices, including adding AI-created image descriptions and an Assistant Routines feature (Lawrence Bonk/Engadget)
Nvidia adds three Call of Duty titles to GeForce Now, the first from Activision, available in a  Call of Duty HQ  hub, as part of a deal with Microsoft (Kyle Bradshaw/9to5Google)
Perplexity AI's API and online LLMs with up-to-date information go public
The Importance of Implementing Explainable AI in Healthcare
Securing AI: Addressing the Emerging Threat of Prompt Injection
ChatGPT turns 1: AI chatbot's success says as much about humans as technology
AI-powered call analytics: How to extract insights from customer conversations
Amazon CTO Werner Vogels on culturally aware LLMs, developer productivity and FemTech
Stability AI Didn't Reach Out to Jasper or Cohere for Acquisition
Briefing: A new Jira, Amazon Q, Figma takeover stalls
Executive Overview of Random Forest Models
Knowledge Graphs, Hardware Choices, Python Workflows, and Other November Must-Reads
One year later, ChatGPT is still alive and kicking
Google's latest Android update includes AI-created image descriptions and animations for voice messages
Why AI skills are the future of cybersecurity
Research team exploits ChatGPT vulnerability to extract training data
Sam Altman really, really doesn't want to talk about why he was fired
Uma Jornada pelo Universo da Amostragem em Data Science com Python: Teoria e Prtica
[D] I'm interviewing Rich Sutton in a week, what should I ask him?
Deconstructing RAG
Meta will enforce ban on AI-powered political ads in every nation, no exceptions
Amazon's AWS GenAI strategy comes with a big Q
Researchers use 2D material to reshape 3D electronics for AI hardware
You Can Now Craft Near Endless Amounts of AI Voices to Annoy Your Friends With Voicemod
ASML's New Chief Is Stepping Into the Middle of a Trade War
Disinformation Is Big Challenge as COP28 Opens in Dubai
Leading Corporations introduce Data Provenance Standards
Stateless vs Stateful hooks in your computer vision applications with Pipeless
[R] Hierarchically Gated Recurrent Neural Network for Sequence Modeling
Webinar: Explore NVIDIA RTX Workflows with JSFILMZ
Hyundai Ioniq 6 tops list of fastest-charging EVs; Chevy Bolt ranks last
'More than a chatbot': Google touts firm's AI tech
Graphcast
The Year ChatGPT Changed Almost Everything
Microsoft's top brass still don't seem to know what the heck happened with Sam Altman and OpenAI
Data and Algorithms: The Building Blocks of Artificial Intelligence
Feature Store Architecture, the Year of Large Language Models, and the Top Virtual ODSC West 2023.
SEC filing: Fidelity National, one of the largest US real estate services companies,  contained  a cyberattack that caused an outage starting on November 21 (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Rishi Sunak says Microsoft plans to spend &pound;2.5B in the UK over three years, its largest investment there to date, to underpin AI and bring 20K GPUs to the UK (Sarah Young/Reuters)
Sam Altman's New Order Doesn't Include OpenAI's Chief Scientist
ChatGPT 1-Year Anniversary: How Generative AI Has Evolved
The Top 5 Alternatives to GitHub for Data Science Projects
Sam Altman and OpenAI: Old Lessons Made New
Sources: OpenAI is giving employees an extra month, until January 5, to decide whether they want to sell shares in the company through a tender offer (Bloomberg)
NVIDIA Unveils H200 Tensor Core GPU Aimed at AI and HPC Workloads
Bias, Toxicity, and Jailbreaking Large Language Models (LLMs)
AI can write a wedding toast or summarize a paper, but what happens if it's asked to build a bomb?
Photographers Alarmed Over Squarespace's 'Auto Opt-In' of AI Crawlers
Deep learning-enabled system surpasses location constraints for human activity recognition
ChatGPT is one year old. Here's how it changed the world.
Stability AI Denies Reaching Out to Jasper or Cohere for Acquisition
[P] We integrated Netron into GitHub for visualizing model architectures
Can digital watermarking protect us from generative AI?
Pandas cut vs. qcut Explained Clearly (Finally)
Sam Altman Says He Has  Zero Ill Will  Toward Guy Who Shanked Him
On ChatGPT's first anniversary, its mobile apps have topped 110M installs and nearly $30M in revenue
OpenAI Tender for Employee Shares Is On and Extended to Jan. 5
The future of fossil fuels could be decided in Dubai
How OpenAI's low-key ChatGPT launch a year ago kickstarted a generational shift in the tech industry and what it means for the future of AI and the world (David Pierce/The Verge)
Bind AI
[D] AAMAS 2024 Reviews Are Out!
6 Ways Telehealth Platforms Can Leverage Speech-to-Text AI
Microsoft to join OpenAI's board after Sam Altman rehired as CEO
Cases when a 'simpler' model was a better solution than Gradient Boosters in your job or project?
Are the models trained to just lie/deny when caught. What other data they might be gathering that they blatantly deny about
Big Data Career Notes: November 2023 Edition
Are you using Reinforcement Learning at work? If so how?
Hack Tricks ChatGPT Into Spitting Out Private Email Addresses, Phone Numbers
OpenAI says white men 'Bret, Larry and Adam' will work hard to build diverse board
Stable Diffusion XL Turbo can create AI images in real time as you type
Google DeepMind Unveils Lyria: A Groundbreaking AI Music Generator and Creative Playground
AI in society: Perspectives from the field
How AI Enables Integrated Sales Teams to Close Deals Faster and With Higher Productivity
Building Your First LLM Agent Application
Stable Video Diffusion: Latent Video Diffusion Models to Large Datasets
Mastercard launches Shopping Muse, an AI to help consumers find the perfect gift
Is the Turing Test Dead?
Three Ex-Apple Employees Are Trying to Bring Generative AI to the Desktop
Donny White, CEO & Co-Founder of Satisfi Labs   Interview Series
The Adulting of OpenAI: What's Going to Be Different
One Year of ChatGPT: These Six Tendencies Have Been Quietly Shaping the Future of AI
Insanely Fast No-Code Python Folium Maps With Nifty GPT-4 Prompting
Sloan's Inbox: What strategies are most effective for retaining acquired knowledge?
An interview with Amazon CTO Werner Vogels on culturally aware LLMs, developer productivity with generative AI, women's health tech, and more (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
An AI-based approach to microgrids that can restore power more efficiently and reliably in an outage
A new study reveals we can no longer tell AI-generated faces from real human faces
Deloitte's Tech Predictions for 2024: Generative AI Will Continue to Shape Chips Market
CSS Art: Drawing Santa Claus in CSS
How do DS startups prevent employee's taking data and models when they leave?
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman comments on the no longer secret Q* project
Call of Duty games start landing on NVIDIA GeForce Now
AWS re:Invent: Everything Amazon's announced, from new AI tools to LLM updates and more
Analysts expect PC market recovery in 2024, partly due to AI
Sam Altman Returns to OpenAI With More Influence Than Ever Before
Meet Relational Deep Learning Benchmark (RelBench): A Collection of Realistic, Large-Scale, and Diverse Benchmark Datasets for Machine Learning on Relational Databases
Meta's AI lab turns 10 with three new AI projects and an impressive demo
X's Advertiser Problem and ChatGPT's One-Year Anniversary | Bloomberg Technology
Makers of popular Dream by Wombo AI app launch a new app for AI avatars
Google has been way too quiet
UC Berkeley Researchers Hope to Revolutionize Goal-Directed Conversations
Spatial-Temporal Innovation: STLVQE Redefines Real-Time Video Enhancement for an Unmatched Viewing Experience
Google Foobar Challenge: Level 3
ChatGPT Turns 1 - Timeline of a Remarkable First Year and its Impact on Industry and Society
AWS Adds Vector Capabilities to More Databases
The End of the AI Frenzy; VC Divorces
Annotate and explore your data with datasette-comments
An oil exec, a climate crisis, and reparations: what's going down at the United Nations summit in Dubai
Researchers from Korea University Unveil HierSpeech++: A Groundbreaking AI Approach for High-Fidelity, Efficient Text-to-Speech and Voice Conversion
Quoting atoav
Data Science Career Day
US Compels Saudi Fund to Exit AI Chip Startup Backed by Altman
Happy Birthday, ChatGPT
Linear Algebra Essentials For Data Science
Is this Game-playing AI a Step Towards AGI?
These Clues Hint at the True Nature of OpenAI's Shadowy Q* Project
[P] Modified Tsetlin Machine implementation performance on 7950X3D
This AI Research Introduces MeshGPT: A Novel Shape Generation Approach that Outputs Meshes Directly as Triangles
Complete Guide to Caching in Python
Meta Says There's Been No Downside to Sharing Its AI Technology
Meta Chief AI Scientist Yann LeCun says  there is really no commercial downside  to sharing Meta's AI tech openly, even as many peers take the opposite approach (Aisha Counts/Bloomberg)
Hands on Sampling Techniques and comparison, in Python
Excited to announce the open-sourcing of my full GPT collection under an MIT license. Find specialized GPTs like MedicGPT & LegalGPT in this GitHub repo, each tailored for unique uses. Includes detailed instructions & OpenAPI.json formats for easy in
Using Google Lighthouse for Web Pages
An agency created an AI model who earns up to $11,000 a month
Explore Semantic Relations in Corpora with Embedding Models
Value Objects in Depth in Domain-Driven Design
First AI minister likens overregulation to refusal to adopt the printing press
Sources: CFIUS forced Aramco Ventures' Prosperity7 fund to sell its stake in AI chip startup Rain AI in the past year; Prosperity7 led Rain's 2022 $25M raise (Jane Lanhee Lee/Bloomberg)
YUAN-2.0-102B, with code and weights. Scores between ChatGPT and GPT-4 on various benchmarks [R]
Balancing Innovation and Sustainability: A Pragmatic Approach to Environmental Responsibility in Deep Learning for Pathology
Microsoft Releases Convincing Case Study Showing Chain of Thought (CoT) with GPT 4 Versus Fine Tuned Models via Medprompt and CoT Prompting Strategies
Monolith or Many Repos?
How is the current market of Computer Vision, especially 3D, compared to the rest of AI or DS markets?
Best Custom GPTs for Marketing, Business Tasks, Coding & Productivity
Quoting Jeremy Howard
Build More Secure AI: US, UK Strike Landmark Cybersecurity Agreement
Mechanically Detecting Accessibility Violations
Researchers from Seoul National University Introduce LucidDreamer: A Groundbreaking AI Approach to Domain-Free 3D Scene Generation in VR Using Diffusion-Based Modeling
How AI is being utilised in supply chain risk management
Order-based Group Operations (I)
Data Science Hiring Process at Pegasystems
Would I use AI to write my novels? I'd get better results from a monkey with an iPhone | Monica Ali
Anduril's New Drone Killer Is Locked on to AI-Powered Warfare
Understanding Predictive Maintenance   Wave Data: Feature Engineering (Part 2 Spectral)
Unlocking the Secrets of Human-Machine Interaction: This AI Research from Spain Introduces a Comprehensive Dataset for Advancing Adaptive Interface Design
This Week's Most Read: Why OpenAI Fired Sam Altman
China's AI Chipmaker Biren Wins $280 Million In Funding Pledge After US Sanction
Almost Everything You Want to Know About Partition Size of Dask Dataframes
A year ago, it was just ChatGPT   now LLMs are everywhere
Alibaba's Cloud Business Gets Qwen-ched!
ChatGPT just turned one, and even some OpenAI employees can't believe the way its first year has played out
Fine-tuning a model with Azure Open AI Studio
Chinese Court's Landmark Ruling: AI Images Can be Copyrighted
Tech is bringing ancient ruins back to life. Here's how
Exploring the Frontiers of AI in Single-Cell Biology: A Critical Evaluation of Zero-Shot Foundation Models like Geneformer and scGPT
Researchers Study Tensor Networks for Interpretable and Efficient Quantum-Inspired Machine Learning
Goodbye, graphic designers? COLE combines multiple AIs to generate editable designs on demand
SenseTime Mulls Raising Fund for Auto, Health Care Units, Sources Say
5 Google Duet AI's Mind-Blowing Features You Don't Want to Miss in G-Suite
An interview with Yann LeCun and Joelle Pineau ahead of the 10th anniversary of Meta's Fundamental AI Research lab on ChatGPT, AI in the metaverse, and more (Richard Nieva/Forbes)
Job board for sport analytics and software in sports in general
Decoding LLMs: Creating Transformer Encoders and Multi-Head Attention Layers in Python from Scratch
Weekly Digest   2023/12/01
Smartphone sales to rebound on AI gains, Morgan Stanley says
Anduril unveils Roadrunner,  a fighter jet weapon that lands like a Falcon 9
Particle Swarm Optimization   Search Procedure Visualized
Normal Bayes Classifier for Image Segmentation Using OpenCV
AI in Security: The Next Frontier for IT Professionals
Kognitos raises $20M in Series A Funding
Sklearn Tutorial: Module 3
Alex Ratner, CEO & Co-Founder of Snorkel AI   Interview Series
[D] Should We Contact the AC if Reviewers Go Silent During Rebuttal?
OpenAI Chaos Delays GPT Store to 2024
Pitch Deck Teardown: Scalestack's $1M AI sales tech seed deck
Meet 'DRESS': A Large Vision Language Model (LVLM) that Align and Interact with Humans via Natural Language Feedback
Insight acquires SADA, 6-time Google Cloud Partner of the Year
Driving Product Impact with Actionable Analyses
Good old-fashioned AI remains viable in spite of the rise of LLMs
AWS Launches New Analytics Engine That Combines the Power Of Vector Search And Graph Data
New transformer architecture can make language models faster and resource-efficient
Startup Raises $17.5 Million to Bring AI to Holiday Shopping Logistics
HPE says impact of AI on enterprise not 'overstated.' It must be hoping so
How long should one continue to transform from a single PCA fit?
Frost & Sullivan announces a collaborative alliance with Fusionex
Your Guide to the COP28 Climate Meeting in Dubai
What are good middle of the road industries?
AI Should to Do Less Hallucinating and More Microdosing
Microsoft Employees Gave OpenAI's CEO Drama an Amazingly Vulgar Name
Genpact, AWS Collaborate to Revolutionise Insurance Claims Lifecycle
China Open Sources DeepSeek LLM, Outperforms Llama 2 and Claude-2
Generative AI News This Week - ChatGPT Turns 1, Anthropic's and Inflection's New Models, SoapBox Labs Acquired, Amazon Q & More
OpenAI's GPT store delayed to next year
The Black Box Problem in LLMs: Challenges and Emerging Solutions
The world is splitting between those who use ChatGPT to get better, smarter, richer &mdash; and everyone else
Powerful Portraits of People Living in Areas Threatened by Rising Sea Levels
Researchers quantify the carbon footprint of generating AI images
Unsupervised speech-to-speech translation from monolingual data
Windows 12 could be released as soon as June 2024, dropping alongside new  AI PCs
How to Create Charts with Google Bard
How to tell manager I'm leaving after he keeps trying to get me to stay?
Recap of AWS re:Invent 2023
Circleboom Review: The Best AI-Powered Social Media Tool?
Explainer: What Is a SuperNIC?
Datasette Enrichments: a new plugin framework for augmenting your data
Israel lets AI help it figure out where to bomb in war-torn Gaza, and the number of targets has skyrocketed
10 GitHub Repositories to Master Machine Learning
KAIST Researchers Introduce Quatro++: A Robust Global Registration Framework Exploiting Ground Segmentation for Loop Closing in LiDAR SLAM
GPT-4 developer tool can be exploited for misuse with no easy fix
Insight Tech Journal reflects on Gen AI & 2023 Biggest IT Disruptors
Google's new AI experiment composes abstract musical clips inspired by instruments
GPT   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
A blueprint for the perfect Gen AI data layer: Insights from Intuit
One Year of ChatGPT: These Six Tendencies Have Been Quietly Shaping the Future of AI (PART 2)
What are your predictions for 2023?
[R] RETVec: Resilient and Efficient Text Vectorizer
How to Bypass AI Content Detectors with Undetectable AI
To help autonomous vehicles make moral decisions, researchers ditch the 'trolley problem'
Seamless Communication
TikTok, Porn and the Immediate Risks of AI
Write shaders for the Vegas sphere
DeepMind's AI Unleashes Potential: Paving the Way for Thousands of New Materials
This AI Research Presents a Physics-Based Deep Learning for Predicting IFP and Liposome Accumulation
Machine Learning and System Design
From AI to A+: GPT-4 might make you better at math
A councilman for the Brazilian city of Porto Alegre reveals that a resolution that the city council approved unanimously in October 2023 was written by ChatGPT (Associated Press)
Researchers have taught an algorithm to 'taste'
Coupling Four AI Models to Deliver the Ultimate Experience in Immersive Visualization and Modeling
Turmoil at OpenAI shows we must address whether AI developers can regulate themselves
[D] The Bitter Lesson for Robotics
Build a License Plate Recognition App using Streamlit
Why Analysts Anticipate More Loss for C3.ai
Vinod Khosla Can See the Future. It Just Got Hazy for a Minute
How Microsoft forged a partnership with OpenAI, was blindsided by the OpenAI board firing Sam Altman, and managed to get Altman reinstated as CEO (Charles Duhigg/New Yorker)
PwR: Using representations for AI-powered software development
OpenAI investor Vinod Khosla, who's 68, says he still works 80 hours a week and plans to keep investing for the next 25 years
Highlighting Microsoft's Data Science and AI Learning Paths
When deep learning meets active learning in the era of foundation models
How Robots Are Learning to Ask for Help
Creating a Responsive Website Using HTML CSS and JavaScript
7 Bizarre Things About ChatGPT You Wish You Knew
Improved Hold Music Detection + Build LLM Audio Apps with LeMUR
The Quest for Artificial General Intelligence (AGI): When AI Achieves Superpowers
One year later, ChatGPT is still alive and kicking. OpenAI's AI language model, ChatGPT, has over 100 million active users every week, making it the fastest-growing consumer product ever.
Memo: OpenAI says it is delaying the launch of its GPT store until early 2024 after  a few unexpected things have been keeping us busy  (Ina Fried/Axios)
Multimodal models are easy to confuse, say researchers
Amazon finds itself in the unusual position of playing catch-up in AI
Boehringer Ingelheim swaps lab coats for AI algorithms in search for new drugs
What Exactly is Artificial General Intelligence? Ask DeepMind
OpenAI delays GPT store, but  other great updates  will come sooner
Meet DeepSeek Chat, China's latest ChatGPT rival with a 67B model
Webinar: Analysis of OpenACC Validation and Verification Testsuite
Internal documents: Amazon's AI chatbot Q, out in preview, experiences  severe hallucinations  and leaks  confidential data  like AWS data center locations (Platformer)
Montreal research hub spearheads global AI ethics debate
Together lands $102.5M investment to grow its cloud for training generative AI
5 Benefits of Speech AI for Video Editing Platforms
Meta Learning for Natural Language Processing - Task Construction in meta learning: Part 2
Version Controlling in Practice: Data, ML Model, and Code
In firing Altman, OpenAI's board wanted to keep the element of surprise
This faux AI chatbot will judge your music taste and make you laugh (hopefully)
Getting Started with Semantic Kernel and C#
[R] When Meta-Learning Meets Online and Continual Learning: A Survey
Algorithmic trading firm XTX Markets announces the $10M AI-MO Prize for a public AI model than can win a gold medal in the International Mathematical Olympiad (Ben Cohen/Wall Street Journal)
Can AI Truly Understand Our Emotions? This AI Paper Explores Advanced Facial Emotion Recognition with Vision Transformer Models
Microsoft Researchers Introduce Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF): A General-Purpose AI Framework for Developing Secure Stateful CIA Applications
dbt Core, Snowflake, and GitHub Actions: pet project for Data Engineers
Human or AI?
If You See Life as a Game, You Better Know How to Play It
Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce DiLoCo: A Novel Distributed, Low-Communication Machine Learning Algorithm for Effective and Resilient Large Language Model Training
The G7 agrees on comprehensive international guidelines for generative AI, covering both developers and users, expected to be approved as soon as this month (Mayumi Hirosawa/Nikkei Asia)
Achieving Greater Self-Consistency in Large Language Models
Researchers from Google and UIUC Propose ZipLoRA: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method for Seamlessly Merging Independently Trained Style and Subject LoRAs
A Comprehensive Guide to Distilled Stable Diffusion: Implemented with Gradio
Tesla's Cybertruck and OpenAI's Tender Offer | Bloomberg Technology
Larry Summers Says OpenAI Technology 'Extraordinarily Important'
Be careful who's selling you that high-end RDNA 3 GPU, especially on Amazon
Free AI Webinar: 'Using AWS Bedrock & LangChain for Private LLM App Dev' [Monday | Dec 4 | 10:00 am PST]
A Comprehensive Guide to Stakeholder Analysis in AI Governance (Part 2)
Here's what AWS revealed about its generative AI strategy at re:Invent 2023
Who Does What Job? Occupational Roles in the Eyes of AI
_(Bio)Image Analysis with Python Everything You Need to Know about Histograms
What do you think about cloud infrastructure?
Think you can spot a fake AI-generated news story? Take this quiz to find out
Meta AI unveils 'Seamless' translator for real-time communication across languages
Hugging Face CEO on What Comes After Transformers
Containerization and System Design
Level Up Your Data Storytelling with Animated Bar Charts in Plotly
Meta announces Seamless Communication, a suite of AI translation models that aim to enable more natural and authentic communication across languages (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
A Marriage of Machine Learning and Optimization Algorithms
Kaggle vs Paperspace - Finding the Optimal Platform for Data Science and Machine Learning
The New Generative AI Function in BigQuery
Please Use Streaming Workload to Benchmark Vector Databases
The US, UK, and Australia plan to test a new way to track Chinese submarines using AI to rapidly process sonar data, as part of the AUKUS security alliance (Anthony Capaccio/Bloomberg)
[P] Early in 2023 I put in a lot of work on a new machine learning project. Now I'm not sure what to do with it.
Out of the loop   which image generator to use to  make person X look like Y ?
An interview with Guillaume Verdon, founder of stealth AI startup Extropic who is behind the @BasedBeffJezos persona at the center of effective accelerationism (Emily Baker-White/Forbes)
Happy Birthday, ChatGPT!
Regularisation Techniques: Neural Networks 101
OpenAI's GPT Store delayed to 2024 following leadership chaos
The judge overseeing Epic v. Google vows to investigate Google for systemically suppressing evidence by deleting internal chats, including those by Pichai (Sean Hollister/The Verge)
A Requiem for the Transformer?
2023 was a big year for AI: The top countries using it and which AI tools they prefer
OpenAI Delays Launch of Online Store for Custom Chatbots
The copyright case against AI art generators just got stronger with more artists and evidence
US Navy, UK, Australia Will Test AI System to Help Crews Track Chinese Submarines in the Pacific
Top 10 Free (or Low Cost) Generative AI Courses
[D]eep Dive into the Vision Transformer (ViT) paper by the Google Brain team
500 FREE Doodles & Scribbles
Sources: EU lawmakers can't agree on how to regulate systems like ChatGPT, with foundation models becoming the main hurdle in talks over the proposed AI Act (Reuters)
Israel Reportedly Using AI to Identify Targets for  Mass Assassination Factory
Project Two: Calendar
1960s chatbot ELIZA beat OpenAI's GPT-3.5 in a recent Turing test study
Researchers at UC Berkeley Introduced RLIF: A Reinforcement Learning Method that Learns from Interventions in a Setting that Closely Resembles Interactive Imitation Learning
PwC's 2023 Emerging Technology Survey
9 Must-Know Open Source Models From Meta in 2023
AI laser that reads heartbeat through the throat could replace stethoscopes
Sam Altman's short-lived ouster from OpenAI was boardroom power struggle
ChatGPT is already stealing work from freelancers
Data Engineering in R: How to Build Your First Data Pipeline with R, Mage, and Google Cloud Platform (in under 45 Minutes)
Why the Entire AI World Was Talking About  Q  This Week
I used Goblin.tools, a free AI tool to make my emails sound more professional. Even as a writer, I found it helpful.
Three Roadblocks to Using Data to Its Full Potential
I went to a meeting in a virtual 3D office and left convinced it's way better than sitting on Zoom all day
Build a Free and Easy Prompter(like ChatGPT) with Hugging Face Models in Just 8 Lines of Code
Is there a good guy AI for picture generation that is actually free?
Silos.
The World's Top Data Science Experts List 2024
Docker - Setup a local JS and Python Development environment
A Web Developer's Guide to Parsing HTML with C#
The Morning After: Google's geothermal power plant in the desert and more
Beijing internet court grants copyright to AI-generated image
[D]How do I track recent trending papers?
Sam Altman's Return, the Mysterious Q, and More of the Top AI News of the Week
Europe's AI crackdown looks doomed to be felled by Silicon Valley lobbying power | John Naughton
Thanks to AI, you can now draw your app instead of coding it
Why does an individual neuron in a neural network have multiple inputs and a single output?
How can I detect if image is noisy or high quality image?
[D] Bitter Lesson and Tree of Thoughts - Are techniques like ToT examples of using search or are they ignoring the bitter lesson by encoding humanlike learning?
How tensions between those at OpenAI for whom  AI doomerism  is a convenient cover story and those who made it a way of life may have ended the  x-risk  debate (Max Read/Read Max)
Georgia county to use program linked to election denier to flag ineligible voters
Implementing Soft Nearest Neighbor Loss in PyTorch
[P] Made it really easy to create a FastAPI backend for your ML model! Thoughts?
Robotics Q&A with Meta's Dhruv Batra
Fallout's First Trailer Welcomes You to a Familiar Post-Apocalypse
Introduction to Mathematical Optimisation in Python
Amazon's AI chatbot, Q, might be in the throes of a mental health crisis
Technical Interview: How do you handle intentionally vague data prompts?
HTML: The Language That Shapes the Web
A year of ChatGPT: 5 ways AI has changed the world
3 Powerful Python Libraries to (Partially) Automate EDA And Get You Started With Your Data Project
Law secretly drafted by ChatGPT makes it onto the books
OpenAI's GPT Store won't be released until 2024
I'm watching 'AI upscaled' Star Trek and it isn't terrible
DiffusionAvatars generates realistic 3D avatars
[D] Why is cross-entropy increasing with accuracy?
Google Postpones Big AI Launch as OpenAI Zooms Ahead
[D] How Transformers rewrote the rules of an age old tradition in ML
LeoLM 70B is a German optimized large language model that beats Llama 2
How Googlers cracked OpenAI's ChatGPT with a single word
AI Assists Production in Indian Film Industry
Researchers from Microsoft and Georgia Tech Introduce TongueTap: Multimodal Tongue Gesture Recognition with Head-Worn Devices
Finding the most unique land cover spatial pattern
[P] Let's Debug Your Neural Network: Gradient-based Symbolic Execution for NN
Can We Map Large-Scale Scenes in Real-Time without GPU Acceleration? This AI Paper Introduces 'ImMesh' for Advanced LiDAR-Based Localization and Meshing
AI is just buckets of fun.
[D] Any way to increase efficiency of my proposed RTX 3080 eGPU setup (performance per $)
[P] Diffusion Models from Scratch | DDPM PyTorch Implementation
This sub would be good with more examples of good Data Science, rather than just the same 20 Questions on repeat
A Beginners Guide to HTML
[P] PCA and the use of Unsupervised Machine Learning for Fraud Detection? Is there any way to evaluate an unsupervised model?
Researchers from Allen Institute for AI Developed SPECTER2: A New Scientific Document Embedding Model via a 2-Step Training Process on Large Datasets
A look at Anthropic's governance structure: the company is a public benefit corporation with a separate, long-term benefit trust that will select most its board (Alex Kantrowitz/Big Technology)
This Paper from Johns Hopkins Highlights Data Science's Role in Accelerating Probabilistic Catalog Matching for Space Discoveries Across Time and Telescopes
gssr Update
UC Berkeley Researchers Develop ALIA: A Breakthrough in Automated Language-Guided Image Augmentation for Fine-Grained Classification Tasks
Air Force Secretary: Military needs AI to augment human capabilities
Sources: Google delayed the public launch of Gemini from next week to January 2024, after finding that the LLM didn't reliably handle some non-English queries (Jon Victor/The Information)
In the near future, will AI be able to play multiplayer games with us like two friends playing a game?
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/2/2023
US Navy says it will trial using AI to track Chinese submarines in the Pacific
Unveiling the Power of Chain-of-Thought Reasoning in Language Models: A Comprehensive Survey on Cognitive Abilities, Interpretability, and Autonomous Language Agents
Google has quietly pushed back the launch of next-gen AI model Gemini until next year, report says
After two years of self-study, my first independent paper: Cross-Axis Transformer with 2D Rotary Embeddings
[P] USearch HNSW implementation is 10x faster than FAISS at scale
[D] Stochastic variational GP, fitting troubles.
Meet RAGs: A Streamlit App that Lets You Create a RAG Pipeline from a Data Source Using Natural Language
2 clear and consistent paths toward effective, accelerated AI regulation
Meet PGXMAN : The PostgreSQL Extension Manager
LWiAI Podcast - OpenAI's Q*, Claude 2.1, Stable Video Diffusion, Starling-7B, Orca 2, international agreements
Aggregates and Aggregate Roots in Domain-Driven Design
What it Takes to Customize Generative AI Models - an Overview with NVIDIA's NeMo
This AI Paper from Northeastern University and MIT Develop Interpretable Concept Sliders for Enhanced Image Generation Control in Diffusion Models
Responsive Personal Portfolio Website using HTML & CSS
AstraZeneca signs a deal worth up to $247M with US-based Absci Corp. to harness Absci's AI tech for large-scale protein analysis to find a viable cancer therapy (Michael Peel/Financial Times)
The Cloud and System Design
What is the most common fundamental you see Data Scientists and MLEs lacking?
Create Your Own Local Chatbot with Next.js, Ollama, and ModelFusion
20 Best ChatGPT Prompts for Blog Writing
Apple's Scary New Innovation Gives Voice to the Voiceless
Google DeepMind Introduces GNoME: A New Deep Learning Tool that Dramatically Increases the Speed and Efficiency of Discovery by Predicting the Stability of New Materials
FastCut
iMean Shopping
Data Machina #230
Google delays its GPT-4 competitor  Gemini  until next year - Report
AWS' Generative AI Strategy Starts to Take Shape and Looks a Lot Like Microsoft's
I'm a 40-year-old former teacher retraining to get into AI. It might be crazy but I wish more people my age were doing it.
Meet PepCNN: A Deep Learning Tool for Predicting Peptide Binding Residues in Proteins Using Sequence, Structural, and Language Model Features
I made a GPT, a custom version of OpenAI's ChatGPT, and it only took me 15 minutes. Here's how.
Meet Meditron: A Suite of Open-Source Medical Large Language Models (LLMs) based on LLaMA-2
The Who's Who Behind the Modern Artificial Intelligence Movement
How Elon Musk and Larry Page's AI Debate Led to OpenAI and an Industry Boom
Run Local LLM Inference10x Faster (244 TOK/s): PyTorch II
Microsoft Researchers Propose MAIRA-1: A Radiology-Specific Multimodal Model for the Task of Generating Radiological Reports from Chest X-rays (CXRs)
Amazon's AI chatbot Q suffers  severe hallucinations,  leaking confidential data
Researchers show AI misalignment in a GPT-4-based stock trading AI that engaged in insider trading in a simulated environment without being instructed to do so (Matt Levine/Bloomberg)
[P] TSMixer: Time Series Mixer for Forecasting
Breaking the Boundaries in 3D Scene Representation: How a New AI Technique is Changing the Game with Faster, More Efficient Rendering and Reduced Storage Demands
OpenGPT is an open-source alternative to OpenAI's custom ChatGPTs
OpenAI Committed to Buying $51 Million of AI Chips From a Startup Backed by CEO Sam Altman
AI could mean free doctors and lawyers for everybody in 10 years, OpenAI investor Vinod Khosla believes
CITE23: How to start an AI task force at your school
Unleashing the Potential of AI: Rethinking Legacy Banking Systems
Error-Detection Tool Makes AI Mistakes Easy to Spot
[D] Paper Analysis - Scalable Extraction of Training Data from (Production) Language Models (Video Walkthrough)
Discovering LangChain: Chat with your Documents, Chatbot Translator, Chat with Wikipedia, Synthetic.
Here's what AI startup founders say recent grads should know to land a job in the field
Researchers from NYU and Meta Introduce Dobb-E: An Open-Source and General Framework for Learning Household Robotic Manipulation
PIXART- : First Open Source Rival to Midjourney - Better Than Stable Diffusion SDXL - Full Tutorial
[R] Combining Spatial and Temporal Abstraction in Planning for Better Generalization
Nvidia plans to continue producing the RTX 3060 into 2024, recommends price drops
Breaking the Myth: Object Detection Isn't Hard as Thought
CMU Syllabus: Forecasting for Economics and Business
6 Free Practical LLMs Notebooks to Get Your Hands Started with LLM Applications
Rick Rubin and the Human Touch: Can AI Replace Human Instinct?
On Data-Driven Equation Discovery
Is Q* Overhyped
LLM and GNN: How to Improve Reasoning of Both AI Systems on Graph Data
Good engineers, bad engineers, and evil engineers   an anecdote for data leaders
Data Modelling For Data Engineers
Resemble AI blends human and synthetic voices
Introducing the Multi-Chord Diagram: Visualizing Complex Set Relationships
GenAI's products: Move fast and fail
This adorable motion-tracking camera has proven to be indispensable in my smart home
Me and the Boys protecting AGI from getting turned off by the Government
How to work abroad as a  data professional
Researcher Develops Domain-Specific Scientific Chatbot
Google is reportedly pushing the launch of its Gemini AI to 2024
Why SQL still leads of others?
A deep dive into the founding of DeepMind, OpenAI, and Anthropic, as many of their backers feared the risks of advanced AI, but hoped to safely shape it (New York Times)
5 Tools Every Programmer Must Use (10X Profits!)
Fidelity and Jane Street Back CoreWeave at $7 Billion Valuation
Inventory Optimization with Dynamic Programming in Less than 100 Lines of Python Code
Looking back at a transformative year for AI
Any company/industry where data is the product, not a support team
Premium AMA: 1,000 Paid Subscribers
LLM Visualization
is a degree worth it?
How Transformers rewrote the rules of an age-old tradition in ML
Larry Page accused Elon Musk of favoring human species over digital life forms during an argument about the dangers of AI at Musk's 44th birthday
GPT-4 Beats MedPaLM 2 for Medical Questions - Prompt Engineering vs Fine-Tuning Battle Royale
CoreWeave, which offers Nvidia GPUs in the cloud, says it closed a minority stake sale to investors led by Fidelity; sources: the sale values CoreWeave at $7B (Gillian Tan/Bloomberg)
Technology expert tells us why the AI  doomer  narrative is all wrong
New technique to run 70B LLM Inference on a single 4GB GPU
Courage to Learn ML: Decoding Likelihood, MLE, and MAP
Documents: OpenAI signed a letter of intent in 2019 to spend $51M on brain-inspired chips developed by startup Rain AI, in which Sam Altman had invested $1M+ (Paresh Dave/Wired)
[R] Do you cite Arxiv pre-prints in your research?
Meet SceneTex: A Novel AI Method for High-Quality, Style-Consistent Texture Generation in Indoor Scenes
Fine-Tuning FCOS using PyTorch
Running Dolphin Locally with Ollama
Perplexity Unveils Two New Online LLM Models: 'pplx-7b-online' and 'pplx-70b-online'
Creating a single AI-generated image needs as much power as charging your smartphone
Researchers create AI tool with a nose for fraudulent wine
Educational intro to Snowflake for Data Science
[R] Large Transformer Model Inference Optimization (Lilian Weng, 2023)
Cornell Researchers Uncover Insights into Language Model Prompts: A Deep Dive into How Next-Token Probabilities Can Reveal Hidden Text
Heard on the Street   12/4/2023
Elon Musk told OpenAI to move faster right before he left the company in 2018: NYT
Internal memo: ByteDance plans to release a  bot development platform  in beta by the end of December, to let users create their own AI chatbots (Coco Feng/South China Morning Post)
'2023 was a tough year': DeepL's CEO on keeping up with AI's pace of change
This Week In AI, UK Edition: Much Ado About Not That Much
[P][D] A100 is much slower than expected at low batch size for text generation
US regulators are proposing a labeling system for AI healthcare apps, including requiring disclosure of how the tools are trained and how they perform (Wall Street Journal)
How To Create a Calculator Using HTML CSS & JavaScript | Simple Calculator in JavaScript
AI experts are roasting the NYT list of 'who's who' in AI for having zero women
Consulting Giants See AI Shaving Years Off the Path to Partner
Elon Musk invested in Deep Mind after its founder told him that AI could destroy human colonies on Mars: NYT
Statistics without mathematics series
ByteDance to Launch Platform to Build Custom Chatbots
ChatGPT can leak training data, violate privacy, says Google's DeepMind
Researchers from the University of Texas Showcase Predicting Implant-Based Reconstruction Complications Using Machine Learning
Page SEO Improvement Guide
CMU Researchers Discover Key Insights into Neural Network Behavior: The Interplay of Heavy-Tailed Data and Network Depth in Shaping Optimization Dynamics
Inside America's School Internet Censorship Machine
TSMC: The Wizard Behind AI's Curtain
How GPT-4 is Better than Radiologists
Welcome to Latent Land | So proud to share this love letter to Generative AI, the calculator of the creative mind (workflow in comments)
How generative AI will create a developer talent shortage
Google Gemini To Arrive Sooner Than Expected
Meta's latest AI suite makes speech translation more seamless and expressive
US Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo says her department needs more money to stop China on chips and calls out Nvidia for redesigning for the Chinese market (Peter Martin/Bloomberg)
The arrival of genAI could cover critical skills gaps, reshape IT job market
Meta AI Introduces Seamless: A Publicly Available AI System that Unlocks Expressive Cross-Lingual Communication in Real-Time
OpenAI signed $51M deal to buy 'brain' chips from Sam Altman portfolio firm
OpenAI to buy neuromorphic AI chips for $51 million
Steps to find a good developer for your Inventree project
ByteDance to launch its own version of Custom ChatGPTs
[D] Everything interesting about the Segment Anything Model
SAP Analytics Cloud Analytic Application
Google researchers say they got OpenAI's ChatGPT to reveal some of its training data with just one word
AI is making us all more productive   but in a weird and unexpected way
Tech leaders sound off on new AI regulations
AI is making us all more productive &mdash; but in a weird and unexpected way
DeepSeek Open-Sources DeepSeek-67B Model: The Latest ChatGPT Rival from China
What is Continuous Delivery for Machine Learning Models
The Global Sustainability Barometer study: Kyndryl & Microsoft
OpenAI's Q* Is Alarming for a Different Reason
Europe's 10 fastest-growing SaaS startup teams
[P] Educational Transformer without Autograd
Questions raised as Amazon Q starts to hallucinate and leak confidential data
Beware of Chinese Open-Source LLMs
Organ-specific characteristics govern the relationship between histone code dynamics and transcriptional reprogramming during nitrogen response in tomato
IT Professionals in ASEAN Confronting Rising Cyber Security Risks
This AI Paper Releases a Detailed Review of Open-Source Large Language Models that Claim to Catch up with or Surpass ChatGPT in Different Tasks
A startling thing happened when a neural net got to choose its own neurons
AWS finally gets serious about genAI
This New AI tool Could Mark the Beginning of the End for TikTok and Instagram Influencers
This Deep Learning Research Unveils Distinct Brain Changes in Adolescents with ADHD: A Breakthrough in MRI Scan Analysis
Amazon Q
AI meets materials science: the promise and pitfalls of automated discovery
Singapore Aims to Triple AI Workforce to 15,000, Wong Says
Generative AI video startup Runway ML partners with Getty Images on a new AI video model available in the coming months for use in Hollywood and advertising (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Mastercard launches Shopping Muse, an AI-powered shopping assistant
Nvidia Plans Network of Chip Plants in Japan to Meet AI Demand
Create Lifelike Avatars with AI Animation and Speech Features in NVIDIA ACE
How long does it take for you to implement a research paper?
Evolving Churn Predictions: Navigating Interventions and Retraining
Singapore to triple AI talent pool to 15,000 as part of national strategy update
NVIDIA Planning Big Expansions in Japan
Stability AI Introduces Adversarial Diffusion Distillation (ADD): The Groundbreaking Method for High-Fidelity, Real-Time Image Synthesis in Minimal Steps
Fei-Fei Li and the binders full of women in AI | The AI Beat
Beginner friendly programming languages
'Animate Anyone' heralds the approach of full-motion deepfakes
Sources: Mistral AI is in the final stages of raising &euro;450M in a round valuing the OpenAI rival around $2B; a16z is in talks to provide &euro;200M in funding (Bloomberg)
ChatGPT will no longer comply if you ask it to repeat a word 'forever'&mdash; after a recent prompt revealed training data and personal info
Google upgrades Gmail's spam filters with RETVec, a text vectorizer that understands  adversarial text manipulations , like emojis and special characters (Ron Amadeo/Ars Technica)
15+ AI Tools For Developers (December 2023)
ChatGPT says that asking it to repeat words forever is a violation of its terms
AstraZeneca bets $247m AI can create a cancer-fighting antibody
Meta, IBM Create Industrywide AI Alliance to Share Technology
DeepMind's New AI can Learn Tasks Directly from Humans
Google's ChatGPT Competitor Gemini Could Preview This Week
How Hospitals Are Adopting Artificial Intelligence to Safeguard Patients, Staff
OpenAI exec says this is the most overhyped &mdash; and underhyped &mdash; thing about AI right now
Data Engineering: A Formula 1-inspired Guide for Beginners
Overclocker achieves 1,000 FPS in Counter-Strike 2 using liquid nitrogen
Save Time and Money With a Lifetime of Seamless AI Video Production for Only $147
Compute the Distance Matrix of a Set of Sites from Their Coordinates in Python
Create Unique Sounds with Meta's New Audiobox AI
Runway Partners With Getty Images To Build Video Generation Model for Enterprises
Reversing Time: Diffusion Models and Stochastic Differential Equations
Mamba: Linear-Time Sequence Modeling with Selective State Spaces
MS Statistics vs. MS CS
OpenAI's ChatGPT Enterprise has  many, many, many thousands  of companies waiting
UK age assurance guidance for porn sites gives thumbs up to AI age checks, digital ID wallets and more
A new quantum algorithm for classical mechanics with an exponential speedup
AI accelerates problem-solving in complex scenarios
Built with Dolphin
Meta, IBM, and 50+ other companies and organizations form AI Alliance, a coalition dedicated to work on open source AI including to share tech and reduce risks (Alexandra Barinka/Bloomberg)
RunwayML and Getty Images work on custom video AI models without copyright issues
What opinion about data science would you defend like this?
Meta's Yann LeCun says he expects AGI  clearly not in the next 5 years
Umm.. settle down Bing
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says the company plans to build a network of chip plants in Japan in partnership with the country's companies to meet AI chip demand (Yoshiaki Nohara/Bloomberg)
CHIME23: Key Takeaways on AI and Security from Health IT Leaders
Ditch the Hassle - Get your GenAI Code Productionized Now!
Modular Announces Partnership with AWS, NVIDIA
After 6 years Microsoft launches Seeing AI app for Android
NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM Enhancements Deliver Massive Large Language Model Speedups on NVIDIA H200
Recap: How to Regulate AI for the Creator Economy
AI Startup Roundup: OpenAI Buying Chips from Sam Altman-backed Startup
[D] Which architecture could substitute the transformer?
Scientists propose a model to predict personal learning performance for virtual reality-based safety training
After a chaotic three years, GPU sales are starting to look normal-ish again
6 AI tools that feels illegal to know
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Inference Engines with LangChain on CPUs
Unleashing the Power of JavaScript in Artificial Intelligence
Pilot vs. Co-pilot: How Startups Will Reshape the Future of Work with AI
Weekly Top Picks #54
Fidelity Backs AI Infrastructure Startup at $9 Billion-Plus Valuation
Comperhisve Introduction to Artificial General Intelligence (AGI)
The OpenAI saga demonstrates how big corporations dominate the shaping of our technological future
A Deep Dive Into Relational Databases And Their Applications
Legislation Must Consider AI's Energy Demands and Environmental Costs
[D] Transformers for time series forecasting
Do you see this doing this work past 50 years of age and into retirement?
34% faster Integer to String conversion algorithm
New AI tool lets users generate hi-res images on their own computer
Getty lawsuit against Stability AI to go to trial in the UK
Hello World
New, open-source AI vision model emerges to take on ChatGPT   but it has issues
Finding Optimal Solutions with Branch and Bound
OpenAI Agreed to Pay $51 Million to Company Linked to Sam Altman
Meta and IBM form an AI Alliance, but to what end?
Elon Musk thinks Tesla has 'the best real-world AI,' but an ex-worker raised concerns about how it's powering the Autopilot feature
Stability AI Open-Sources Video Generation Model Stable Video Diffusion
IIT Bombay Joins IBM, Meta to Form AI Alliance, Challenging OpenAI, Google, Amazon, Microsoft
The Art of Making Quality Data Analyses
AI Changing Realities: From Video Edits to Data Depths
The words of the year are here   and top dictionaries are in rare agreement
UltraFastBERT: ETH Zurich develops technology to dramatically speed up LLMs
The conversational nature of AI chatbots makes them more trustworthy, which could result in problems including  hidden exploitation  and outright fraud (Bruce Schneier/Schneier on Security)
The Download: Big Tech's AI stranglehold, and gene-editing treatments
Asato: A new AI copilot for CIOs
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/4/2023
The Morning After: The first trailer for GTA 6 has landed
EnCharge raises $22.6M to commercialize its AI-accerating chips
IBM, Meta launch AI Alliance with over 50 tech members to advance 'open, safe, responsible' AI
Foxconn Now Sees Better Quarterly Sales After November Rise
Write OOP from the beginning or refactor?
Functional Programming in Python: The Way I Do It (with 5 key functions)
What is Generative AI?
How Arnica's CEO foresees generative AI's impact on DevOps security
AI-Generated Jimmy Stewart Reads a Bedtime Story for Calm App
Managing Recalls with Barcode Traceability on the Delta Lake
Analytics can solve generative AI apps' product problem
Deep Learning in Human Activity Recognition: This AI Research Introduces an Adaptive Approach with Raspberry Pi and LSTM for Enhanced, Location-Independent Accuracy
Edge 349: Reinforcement Learning with AI Feedback
Germany wants the AI Act finalised once and for all, startup commissioner says
Kyron Learning secures $14.6M to expand its conversational AI technology
Knowledge Series #15: What is GraphQL?
Industry Challenge: AI for grid stability
Choose a place to live
Today's AI funding rush reminds me of the fintech investing hype of 2021
Mine digs up $30M for its no-code approach to vetting data privacy
Singapore makes key policy shifts in revised national AI strategy
Leaked docs show concern at OctoML over helping its customer Civitai make AI images; OctoML co-founder Thierry Moreau said some  could be categorized as  CSAM (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
Meet DreamSync: A New Artificial Intelligence Framework to Improve Text-to-Image (T2I) Synthesis with Feedback from Image Understanding Models
Wikipedia Readers Were Thinking About AI and Atom Bombs in 2023
Resemble AI Releases New Real-Time Deepfake Audio Detector
Challenging the Norm: Bold Predictions for Generative AI in 2024
Are LLMs the end of computer programming (as we know it)?
Interviews with 80+ sources describe how OpenAI releasing ChatGPT a year ago triggered a scramble by Google, Meta, and the rest of Silicon Valley to catch up (New York Times)
This AI newsletter is all you need #76
The free version of ChatGPT may provide false answers to questions about drugs, new study finds
GPT-4 vs Claude-2 context recall analysis
Visual Electric launches an AI-powered image generator with a designer workflow focus
Breaking Down Deepfake Detection, Fraud, and Consumer Sentiment
Overcoming the 'last mile problem' in knowledge management from AI vendors
Convert a Color   HEX, RGB, HSL, CMYK
Lasso Security investigation uncovers major HuggingFace API token exposure
Foretellix raises $85M to build and test scenarios for self-driving systems
Microsoft IDC Turns 25 in India
McKinsey Sees AI Adding Up to $340 Billion to Wall Street Profit
AI's future could be 'open-source' or closed. Tech giants are divided as they lobby regulators
Beyond Guesswork: Leveraging Bayesian Statistics for Effective Article Title Selection
Is AI Really Taking Your Job?: The Answer Is More Nuanced Than You Think
5 Free Courses to Master MLOps
PowerQuery Puzzle solved with R
Microsoft Seeing AI app lands on Android to help blind and visually impaired users
[R] StableSSM: Alleviating the Curse of Memory in State-space Models through Stable Reparameterization
[D] Breaking into AI: Navigating Algorithm Development Without a Ph.D.   A Civil Engineer's Journey
Bordeaux Wine Snobs Have a Point, According to This Computer Model
Why Amazon Q Deserves Another Chance
Meta and IBM Launch AI Alliance, Promise to Be 'Open'
Originality on Trial: AI's Challenge to Creative Ownership
Meta, IBM Lead New AI Alliance to Support Open Innovation
Microsoft's Copilot is getting OpenAI's latest models and a new code interpreter
How OnlyFans star Riley Reid plans to 'immortalize' herself using AI
UK proposes selfie-based, AI age verification system for porn sites
Stytch Takes the Hassle out of Passkey Authentication
India Braces for Severe Cyclone as Heavy Rains Kill Eight People
Good example of model deployed in flask server API?
How IT teams can use AIOps to their advantage
Respell wants to help non-technical end users spin up AI-powered workflows
Supervised vs. unsupervised learning 101: Key differences and applications
All I Want For Christmas is GPUs
[D] Industry labs that still do research
CMU Researchers Unveil Diffusion-TTA: Elevating Discriminative AI Models with Generative Feedback for Unparalleled Test-Time Adaptation
AIB shipments see significant rise in Q3 as GPU market heals from  post-Covid black death
'There's no winning strategy': the pacy, visually stunning film about the dangers of AI   made by AI
[D] How to deal with false accusations of your paper being AI-generated?
This Neural Net Could Help Find Orphaned Wells
Professor Dhanya Sridhar will root for more women in AI at NeurIPS 2023
Open-source SuperDuperDB brings AI into enterprise databases
Experimenting with generative AI in the classroom
[R]  Sequential Modeling Enables Scalable Learning for Large Vision Models  paper from UC Berkeley has a strange scaling curve.
What's the best way to manage packages for different versions of R?
New AI tool aims to democratise high-res image generation
Another blow for self-driving trucks as former industry leader abandons the US
Mila project to tackle misogyny highlighted at NeurIPS 2023
Using AI to predict climate variations over a century
Getty & Runway Launch Enterprise Custom Video Generation Service
Microsoft updates Copilot with OpenAI's latest models, including GPT-4 Turbo, and adds a new code interpreter feature and  Deep Search  functionality for Bing (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Securiti announces partnership with Databricks
The tech powering ChatGPT won't make AI as smart as humans. Others might.
Global AI Alliance Aims to Accelerate Responsible and Transparent AI Innovation
Dr Abeba Birhane highlights the dangers of hyping up generative AI
Calm's 'It's a Wonderful Sleep Story' will star Jimmy Stewart's AI-generated voice
Microsoft upgrades Copilot with OpenAI's GPT-4 Turbo and DALL-E 3
JetBrains Developer Survey Tracks Rapid Adoption of AI
President RFK Jr. and an AI deepfake security crisis headline Saxo Bank's 8 outrageous predictions for 2024
Locus Robotics named to Inc. Magazine's  2023 Best in Business  List
23andMe says hackers stole the ancestry data of 6.9M of its 14M customers, via a breach first disclosed in October 2023, by leveraging access to ~14K accounts (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Revolutionising Machine Learning: Achieving Top 4% in Kaggle with AutoGluon in Just 7 Lines of Code
ODSC West 2023 Recap in Pictures
Check out this Upcoming Free AI Webinar: 'How to Launch ChatGPT LLM Apps in 3 Easy Steps' [Dec 7, 2023 10 am PST]
Collaborators: Teachable AI with Cecily Morrison and Karolina Paknait
[D] Fake results from top academic lab?
Education should look to the way artists are embracing AI, instead of turning its back on the technology
Exploring LLMs' potential to help facilitators enhance online healthcare communities
Design Patterns with Python for Machine Learning Engineers: Prototype
Optimizing GenAI for your business
Unveiling Amazon Bedrock: Simplified Insights
How a violent 1800s uprising against machines could foreshadow our future with AI
Tech world forms AI Alliance to promote open and responsible AI
Explaining how generative AI works in code, from scratch, without excessive math
Singapore To Build Multimodal Large Language Model For South East Asia
IBM, Meta form  AI Alliance  with 50 organizations to promote open source AI
Symbiosis or Strife   The Interplay Between AI, Business, and Society
AWS Unveils Major Bedrock Upgrade: More AI Models and Enhanced User Flexibility
Alteryx Report Outlines the Challenges Facing the Enterprise of the Future
Google to demonstrate GPT-4 competitor  Gemini  this week
Data Scientist day to day
One Year of ChatGPT: How A.I. Changed Silicon Valley Forever
Bing's new 'Deep Search' feature offers more comprehensive answers to complex search queries
LLMs for Everyone: Running LangChain and a MistralAI 7B Model in Google Colab
7 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Become a Data Scientist
French AI start-up Mistral AI nears $2 billion valuation
Uber Eats is AI-Generating Images of Food, And Gettting Them Wrong
Extraction Benchmarking
Reconstructing Dynamic Driving Scenarios Using Self-Supervised Learning
AI Alliance, led by IBM and Meta, to promote open standards and take on AWS, Microsoft, and Nvidia
This AI Paper Proposes 'GREAT PLEA' Ethical Framework: A Military-Inspired Approach for Responsible AI in Healthcare
Meta and IBM form open-source alliance to counter big AI players
[R] AlphaFold predictions are valuable hypotheses and accelerate but do not replace experimental structure determination
Meta, IBM launch alliance to keep AI's future open
Everything You Need to Know about Small Language Models (SLM) and its Applications
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 27/11 to 03/12
Stability AI Introduces SDXL Turbo: A Real-Time Text-to-Image Generation Model
My 5 Functions to QuickStart Functional Programming in Python
Businesses are building on open-source AI
A Beginner's Guide to Data Warehousing
From RAG to Riches: Dispelling AI Hallucinations
Meta and IBM launch alliance advocating 'open science' approach to AI, putting them at odds with rivals like Google and OpenAI
[D] Prompt Engineering Seems Like Guesswork - How To Evaluate LLM Application Properly?
[D] You do not need a Vector Database
7 Implants.
Caresyntax announces strategic collaboration with AAICO
Inside AWS's Plans to Make S3 Faster and Better
Let AI Jimmy Stewart put you to sleep with a new Calm bedtime story
Elon Musk's xAI Seeks Billion-Dollar Funding Boost
Nvidia GeForce driver fixes Discord streaming, V-Sync stuttering
Peter Wang, CEO & Co-Founder of Anaconda   Interview Series
Elon Musk's xAI company is seeking up to $1 billion in investments
Meta and IBM launch 'AI Alliance' to promote open-source AI development
Elon Musk's xAI Startup Seeks to Raise $1 Billion in Equity
Quoting Ian Bogost
Data Visuals Gone Bad: Avoiding Common GPT-4 Prompting Pitfalls
You'll Be Astonished How Much Power It Takes to Generate a Single AI Image
Microsoft Bets Big on UK AI with $3.2bn Investment
Artificial intelligence makes gripping more intuitive
TC+ Roundup: Amazon is not the AI leader
Unproven AI face scans may estimate age for porn access in UK
[D] Needle in a haystack experiment: Assistants API RAG beats GPT 4-Turbo & Llama Index at 4% of the cost
Microsoft fixes Copilot multi-monitor issues in Windows 11 update
AI and the Future of Work: Reskilling the Workforce in an Age of AI
Artificial intelligence makes gripping of prosthetic hands more intuitive
Quoting Anthony Bucci
Bing tests AI Deep Search that turns your simple question into a detailed prompt
TensorFlow 2.15 update: hot-fix for Linux installation issue
Microsoft Copilot gets free update to GPT-4-Turbo
The IBM-Meta AI Alliance Promotes Safe and Open AI Progress
Hiring managers, is it obvious?
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse screenplay (PDF)
AI approach offers solutions to tricky optimization problems, from global package routing to power grid operation
How Django keeps track of your model classes?
Due to AI,  We are about to enter the era of mass spying,  says Bruce Schneier
Simon Willison (Part Two): How Datasette Helps With Investigative Reporting
Elon Musk is looking to raise $1 billion for xAI
Microsoft's AI Narration App Expands to Android for Blind Users
Elon Musk heats up the AI wars. He's seeking $1 billion for xAI.
Politician Admits He Used ChatGPT to Generate New Law
Microsoft's Copilot Is Getting a GPT-4 Turbo Boost
AI and Trust
Thanks to AI, junior employees at major firms are spending less time prepping paperwork and more time pitching clients
Meta-IBM alliance promotes 'open' approach to AI development
'Buy Now, Pay Later' Giant To Shrink Human Workforce as It Goes All-in on AI
Alibaba's paper on its Animate Anyone AI model went viral as users saw how the model could replace TikTok influencers and that it's trained on TikTokers' videos (Samantha Cole/404 Media)
New report illuminates why OpenAI board said Altman  was not consistently candid
4 Key Tips for Building Better LLM-Powered Apps
Elon Musk's xAI has filed with the SEC to raise up to $1B in an equity offering, saying it has raised nearly $135M from four investors since November 29 (Hayden Field/CNBC)
Elon Musk-backed AI startup X.AI files for $1 billion equity offering
UK's Pragmatic secures 182M for expansion of silicon-free chip production
Insights on a truly global scale: An interview with Rafal Modrzewski, co-founder and CEO of micro-satellite maker ICEYE
Apple Releases 'MLX' - ML Framework for Apple Silicon [N]
Mistral AI to Raise $487 Mn, Nearing $2 Bn Valuation
NexusRaven Outperforms GPT-4 for Zero-shot Function Calling
Is Generative AI About to Change Our Relationship with Data Forever?
Max Planck Researchers Introduce PoseGPT: An Artificial Intelligence Framework Employing Large Language Models (LLMs) to Understand and Reason about 3D Human Poses from Images or Textual Descriptions
Interview with Paula Feldman: generating 3d models of blood vessels
Google AI Research Present Translatotron 3: A Novel Unsupervised Speech-to-Speech Translation Architecture
Survey Reveals Top Benefits of AI in Software Development
Transitioning from ETL to ELT
Benefits of Building Next-gen Web Apps With ML Capabilities
How AI Will Change Personalized Mobile Experiences
Run LLMs on your M Series with Apple's new MLX machine learning framework
Meta's top AI scientist reportedly warned Mark Zuckerberg that Facebook and Instagram could go extinct if they didn't catch up with ChatGPT
[D] Why is most Open Source AI happening outside the USA?
Order-based Group Operations (II)
Video Dubbing & Translation with Speaker Detection
Revolutionizing E-Commerce: The Impact of ChatGPT on Customer Experience and Business Success
AI is the great equalizer: Studies show that the rise of tools like ChatGPT is good news for employees who suck at their jobs
Visual Electric launches to liberate AI art generation from chat interfaces
Musk's AI startup seeks to raise $1 bn
Memora Health named to 2023 CB Insights' Digital Health 50 List
Elon Musk's AI startup seeks to raise $1bn in equity
Windows 10 will receive its final security update in October 2028
6 Advanced Visualizations in Tableau
AI firms 'should include members of public on boards to protect society'
The internet enabled mass surveillance, and AI will enable mass spying, once limited by human labor, by making troves of data searchable and understandable (Bruce Schneier/Schneier on Security)
Jensen Huang says Nvidia has been  working very closely with the US government  to create products that comply with US chip export restrictions to China (Reuters)
America's smartest AI optimist
GitHub Releases Enterprise Server 3.11
Accenture Teams up with Unilever to Boost Productivity with Generative AI
Tencent AI Lab Introduces GPT4Video: A Unified Multimodal Large Language Model for lnstruction-Followed Understanding and Safety-Aware Generation
How do You Unveil the Power of GPT-4V in Robotic Vision-Language Planning? Meet ViLa: A Simple and Effective AI Method that Harnesses GPT-4V for Long-Horizon Robotic Task Planning
#1 Developer Tool of the Month
'Mega-deals' could be inflating overall AI funding figures
A Guide on 12 Tuning Strategies for Production-Ready RAG Applications
Amazon S3 Introduces High-Performance Storage Class
A look at struggles of lawmakers around the world to regulate AI, including tech's rapid pace, knowledge deficit in governments, and labyrinthine bureaucracies (New York Times)
Mamba is Here to Mark the End of Transformers
Getty's image-scraping sueball against Stability AI will go to trial in the UK
SpaceX is All About Collaboration
Elon Musk's xAI is looking for $1bn in equity offering
Apple Open Sources MLX, Machine Learning Framework for Apple Silicon
Excuse me, what year is it now?
China Tech Fund Beating 98% of Peers Spurns AI Stocks on Risks
AIDA64 Extreme 7.0 is out with a revamped UI, new benchmarks
Llama 2: ChatGPT Contender Everyone Is Talking About!
FPT Software joins the AI Alliance as Founding Member
New reinforcement learning method uses human cues to correct its mistakes
Streak AI
SAG-AFTRA members ratify the union's new three-year contract with studios as 78% voted in favor; some members remained unhappy about the deal's AI protections (Brooks Barnes/New York Times)
Microsoft's Medprompt demonstrates the power of prompting
Object Detection using RetinaNet and KerasCV
Nvidia Sees Huawei as Formidable AI Chipmaking Rival, CEO Says
Large Models Meet Big Data: Spark and LLMs in Harmony
Jensen Huang says Huawei, Intel, and an expanding group of semiconductor startups pose a stiff challenge to Nvidia in the race to produce the best AI chips (Olivia Poh/Bloomberg)
Q&A with Waymo CPO Saswat Panigrahi on simulating 25K+ vehicles 24/7 to improve AI driving, growing San Francisco and Phoenix users amid Cruise's woes, and more (Hayden Field/CNBC)
Elon Musk's xAI Targets $1 Billion Funding in Equity Offering
OpenAI's president had no idea ChatGPT would be such a hit when they launched it
BMLL completes China equity data offering with the addition of Shanghai data
cnvrg.io released the results of its 2023 ML Insider survey
New Qualtrics collaboration with Epic Brings Experience Data to CHR
How Nations Are Losing a Global Race to Tackle A.I.'s Harms
Yotta Challenges Hyperscalers with India's First AI-Centric GPU Cloud
Needle in a Haystack: Assistants API outperforms GPT-4 Turbo at 4% of the cost
Generative AI Policy
Serialization and Deserialization in C#: A Comprehensive Guide
AI Log #4: Vectorization & NumPy in Machine Learning
Driverless cars were the future but now the truth is out: they're on the road to nowhere | Christian Wolmar
There's no going back: The new data center is dominated by Nvidia
Google plans to add its  Help me write  AI tool to Chrome, appearing in autofill popups when typing text, expanding on Google Messages, Gmail, Docs, and Keep (Kyle Bradshaw/9to5Google)
San Diego-based self-driving trucking company TuSimple plans to shutter its US business, laying off 150, or 75% of its US staff, and move its business to China (Heather Somerville/Wall Street Journal)
India Plans to Replicate UPI Model with AI
Generative AI Report   12/6/2023
8 Deep Tech Companies to Fight Against Deepfake
Climate groups say Biden AI order doesn't address AI's climate impact
Bank of England to Review AI Risks to UK Financial System
ChatGPT was Wikipedia's most viewed page in 2023 &mdash; beating out Taylor Swift, 'Oppenheimer,' and Elon Musk
Sanofi offers Aqemia up to $140m to find new drugs with AI
Cruise has hit an 'all-time low' after recalling its entire fleet of driverless cars, new boss reportedly tells staff
Here's why half of developers will soon use AI-augmented software
'How to Train a Culturally Inclusive LLM,' Explains Amazon CTO
Jailbroken AI Chatbots Can Jailbreak Other Chatbots
A Cultural Divide Over AI Forms in Silicon Valley
Dell's 90% Rally Hits Wall as AI Optimism Met With Reality Check
The Morning After: Microsoft upgrades its Copilot chatbot
Open-Source Launch of SuperDuperDB: Integrate AI with your Database
Bank of England warns AI could pose financial stability risks
Meta Launches Seamless: AI for Real-Time, Expressive Translation
How AI assistants are already changing the way code gets made
Data Science Hiring Process at WNS
NVIDIA Allies With US Government for Low-Grade AI Chips for China
EU Races for Deal on World's First Major AI Rules
Apple launches MLX machine-learning framework for Apple Silicon
Apple Enters the AI OpenSource Arena
AI can copy human social learning skills in real time, DeepMind finds
Silicon Valley has a new version of its beloved 'move fast and break things' mantra
The DPO debate: Do we need RL for RLHF?
Neuralink Barrels Into Human Tests Despite Fraud Claims
Nvidia's CEO is working hard to convince everyone that AI is safe, following the drama at OpenAI
Decoding Amazon's Generative AI Strategy
Ukraine says it downed a Russian Su-24M bomber as it was trying to launch a missile strike
OpenCV calls for help
EU running in circles trying to get AI Act out the door
Alibaba AI Open-Sources Qwen Series that Includes Qwen-1.8B, Qwen-7B, Qwen-14B, and Qwen-72B along with Qwen-Chat Series
Types of Visualization Frameworks
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/5/2023
Poppy says 'I do' to new capital for digital booking, fulfillment of wedding flowers
7 Useful JavaScript One-Liner Code You Must Know
Sydney-based generative AI art platform Leonardo.Ai raises $31M
Meet Ego-Exo4D: A Foundational Dataset and Benchmark Suite to Support Research on Video Learning and Multimodal Perception
Getty Images and Runway Team Up to Build Generative AI Video Model for Businesses That Won't Spark Lawsuits
The $20 billion Elon Musk reality-distortion effect
The road ahead for EV adoption is made of gravel
Bits of Thought: Yelp Content As Embeddings
Develop and Optimize Vision AI Models for Trillions of Devices with NVIDIA TAO
Microsoft AI Copilot gets GPT-4 Turbo and Dall-E upgrade
8 Charts That Explain 2023
New AMD Radeon drivers bring UI revamp, new game optimizations
Wall Street Quants Join Chatbot Boom as AI Gold Rush Intensifies
Astronomer gives boost to Apache Airflow platform data orchestration for AI
Unlocking Innovation: The Transformative Power of Codium AI in Technical Realms
The Download: AI coding assistants, and China's app disputes
Advocacy groups urge Biden to address generative AI's environmental impact and misinformation risks
Titan AI leverages generative AI to streamline mobile game development
Privacy Concerns Surrounding LLMs like ChatGPT: This AI Paper Unveils Potential Risks and Safeguarding Measures
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 27/11 to 03/12
Majority of Irish workers over 40 may retrain to keep up with tech changes
Google is ending the year with a big update for Pixel devices
Google's Bard chatbot is getting way better thanks to Gemini
[R] Google releases the Gemini family of frontier models
Pixel 8 Pro becomes the first smartphone powered by Google's new AI model, Gemini
Google says its Gemini AI outperforms both GPT-4 and expert humans
Google launches Gemini, the AI model it hopes will take down GPT-4
Google DeepMind's Demis Hassabis Says Gemini Is a New Breed of AI
Google Updates Bard Chatbot With 'Gemini' A.I. as It Chases ChatGPT
Google says new AI model Gemini outperforms ChatGPT in most tests
SafeGuard Cyber unveiled the 2023 Business Communication Risk Report
Generative AI, deepfakes will 'pollute' election campaigns, CSE warns
Google takes aim at OpenAI with launch of powerful new AI model Gemini
Google updates Bard to use its new Gemini Pro model, the middle tier of the Gemini series, and says its the  biggest and best upgrade yet  and can match ChatGPT (David Pierce/The Verge)
[D] ChatGPT4 doesn't cut it for my work. Need a more accurate tool.
Here's what we know so far about Google's Gemini
Want to know if your data are managed responsibly? Here are 15 questions to help you find out
Google announces new AI processing chips and a cloud 'hypercomputer'
Google unveils AlphaCode 2, powered by Gemini
Google Opens Access to Gemini, Racing to Catch Up to OpenAI
Google's Gemini Turns Pixel 8 Pro Into a True AI Phone
WTF is the Difference Between GBM and XGBoost?
AI infrastructure major VAST Data's valuation surges to over $9B after fresh funding
Google's Gemini AI is coming to Android
Google details AlphaCode 2, an update to AlphaCode, announced in February 2022, powered by Gemini that beats ~85% of competitors in Codeforces competitions (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Much-Awaited Google Gemini Finally Arrives
Liquid AI, a new MIT spinoff, wants to build an entirely new type of AI
Google launches Gemini
Google rolls out AI model  Gemini Pro ,  Gemini Ultra  to beat GPT-4
Google Just Launched Gemini, Its Long-Awaited Answer to ChatGPT
Chartpack: Product Marketing trends 2023
Generate blogs with ChatGPT assistant
AI data startup VAST Data, which unifies storage, databases, and more, raised a $118M Series E led by Fidelity at a $9B valuation, up from $3.7B in May 2021 (Globes Online)
Gmail's AI-powered spam detection is its biggest security upgrade in years
Introducing Gemini: our largest and most capable AI model
A First Look at Google's Gemini AI
Google is finally launching Gemini, its biggest shot at OpenAI
Google's Gemini AI model is coming to the Pixel 8 Pro   and eventually to Android
ChatGPT tops Wikipedia's most viewed articles of 2023 list
[D] Why are decoder only models used for autoregressive generation instead of encoder-only models? What value is the causal mask if the new token doesn't exist yet?
'You are an Expert' Isn't the Magical AI Prompt You Think It Is
ACCELQ Public Sector Vertical reports 200% Growth in 2023
Multi-modal RAG on slide decks
Google's answer to GPT-4 is Gemini: 'the most capable model we've ever built'
Google pins its hopes on Gemini AI to redeem troubled assistant Bard
Google announces Gemini, a new AI model with three tiers, Ultra, Pro, and Nano, and plans a paid version in 2024; Google says Gemini beats GPT-4 on some tests (Thomas Germain/Gizmodo)
Meet Gemini, the AI That Google Says Is Way, Way Better Than ChatGPT
Diffusion Plugin Upgrade Improves AI Image Generation
Adastra launches AI Innovation Centre
AI joins you in the DJ booth with Algoriddim's djay Pro 5
Google announces the Cloud TPU v5p, its most powerful AI accelerator yet
Google's next-gen AI model Gemini outperforms GPT-4
MagicAnimate & Animate Anyone: China's tech giants research automated TikToks
Google plans to add Gemini Nano, its native, local-first LLM, to Pixel 8 Pro, powering auto-summarize in Recorder and Smart Reply, ahead of an Android launch (David Pierce/The Verge)
Q&A with Google CEO Sundar Pichai and DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis on Gemini, digital agents, changing search, the pace of AI development, coding, and more (Casey Newton/Platformer)
Behind the scenes building IBM watsonx, an AI and data platform
Gemini is Google's 'Most Capable' AI Model and Arrives on Pixel 8 Pro Today
Google launches its best effort to take on ChatGPT with Gemini
Google's Gemini isn't the generative AI model we expected
Marc-Andr Blanchard and Ram Panda join Mila's Board of Directors
Google DeepMind's new Gemini model looks amazing but could signal peak AI hype
Mastering File Upload Security: Understanding File Types
Google's AI chatbot Bard gets a big upgrade with Gemini, Google's next-gen AI model
How AI is fooling the photography world
How to run a ChatGPT-like LLM on your own Machine
10 FREE Frontend Certificates for Web Warriors
McDonald's Turns to Google for AI Chatbot to Help Restaurant Workers
Noam Chomsky turns 95: the social justice advocate paved the way for AI. Does it keep him up at night?
Google Shows Off  Gemini  AI, Says It Beats GPT-4
Apple joins AI fray with release of model framework
Meta Tests New AI Features Across Apps in Bid To Boost Appeal
How to Use Google's Gemini AI Right Now in Its Bard Chatbot
AMD launches Instinct AI accelerators MI300X and MI300A and claims the MI300X delivers up to 1.6x more performance than Nvidia's H100 HGX in inference workloads (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
Amazon Says Its New AI Image Generator Won't Hurt Photography
What is Gemini? Everything you should know about Google's new AI model
Mere minority of orgs put GenAI in production after year of hype
AMD Releases Ryzen AI PCs with NPUs
AMD releases new chips to power faster AI training
Zillow Says You'll Buy Your Next House With. AI? | AI Unlocked
Meta will let you 'reimagine' your friends' AI-generated images
AMD's new Ryzen 8040 laptop chips look a lot like the Ryzen 7040 CPUs
AMD Releases MI300X Accelerator, Competing with NVIDIA H100
What Should You Choose Between Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) And Fine-Tuning?
Meta Launches a Standalone AI Image Generator
What's the right answer here? Trying to improve my Data Science credentials to get hired...
Researchers from Microsoft Research and Georgia Tech Unveil Statistical Boundaries of Hallucinations in Language Models
AMD CEO Debuts Nvidia Chip Rival, Gives Eye-Popping Forecast
The 10 Biggest Things We Learned About Google's New Gemini AI
Ice Cubes GPT-4 prompts
Abstracts: December 6, 2023
Google launches Gemini, upping the stakes in the global AI race
A New Trick Uses AI to Jailbreak AI Models Including GPT-4
Graphs, analytics, and Generative AI. The Year of the Graph Newsletter Vol. 25, Winter 2023 - 2024
Our First Test of Meta's AI Image Generator Was a Hilarious Flop
Meta launches AI image generator and gives celebrity chatbots long-term memory
Google Reveals Gemini, Its Much-Anticipated Large Language Model
AMD ROCm 6 is Here, OpenAI Adds Support
Apple's machine learning research team quietly releases MLX, an array framework to train and deploy ML models on Apple silicon, available on GitHub (Jonny Evans/Computerworld)
An interview with Sundar Pichai on Gemini, AI benchmarks, making AI helpful for everyone, the legal landscape around AI, and more (Mat Honan/MIT Technology Review)
Artificial Intelligence Driven Data Strategy: Is It the Key to Organizational Readiness?
Google launches Gemini AI systems, claims it's beating OpenAI and others - mostly
KDnuggets News, December 6: GitHub Repositories to Master Machine Learning   5 Free Courses to Master Data Engineering
Respeecher's ethics-first approach to AI voice cloning locks in new funding
AMD's Ryzen 8040 chips remind Intel it's falling behind in AI PCs
Google's Gemini AI is coming to Pixel 8 Pro smartphones, no cloud required
Less Data Annotation + More AI = Deep Active Learning
Google Gemini is finally out!
Nvidia's next entry-level card could be a cheaper RTX 3050 with 6GB of VRAM
Google launches Gemini a powerful AI model it says can surpass GPT-4
EU seeks agreement on world's first AI law
Why Enterprises Struggle to Operationalize AI, AI Summit NY 2023
Newly-founded AI Alliance promotes collaboration on open and safe AI technology
Google says Bard is now smarter than ChatGPT, thanks to Gemini update
AMD MI300 Performance - Faster Than H100, But How Much?
Google's new Gemini AI beats GPT-4 in 30 of 32 tests
Elon Musk's xAI wants $1B cash infusion in exchange for equity shares
We'll find to find new ways to impress our boss in the age of AI
Meta faces another lawsuit over child safety
Climate Groups to Biden: AI Will Worsen Climate Change Crisis
Meta AI adds Reels support and 'reimagine,' a way to generate new AI images in group chats, and more
Google launches Gemini, a genAI model for all devices
Google Launches Gemini Next-Generation Large Language Model
DEMO: Google's new multi-modal AI called  Gemini
gemini is better than chatgpt-4 on sixteen different benchmarks
Meta's AI image generator is available as a standalone website
ChatGPT's First Anniversary: Reshaping the Future of AI Interaction
Five Ways A.I. Could Be Regulated
Big Tech is Likely to Set AI Policy in the U.S. We Can't Let That Happen
The Best AI Model in the World: Google DeepMind's Gemini Has Surpassed GPT-4
How Google's Gemini AI makes your Pixel 8 Pro faster and smarter
TikTok's Viral 'Time Travel' Filter Lets You See Your Future Self
Vast Data lands $118M to grow its data storage platform for AI workloads
Vast Data Closes $118M Series E, More Than Doubles Valuation
Microsoft, Meta, Oracle, and OpenAI say they plan to use AMD's new Instinct MI300X GPU; Microsoft plans to offer access to the chips through Azure (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Google unveils Gemini AI, a direct GPT competitor amid OpenAI's internal strife
McDonald's will use Google AI to make sure your fries are fresh, or something?
Google's Gemini LLM Arrives Next Week and It May Just Outperform GPT-4 (sort of)
Google Pixel Cameras Will Finally Unblur Your Pets and Work as a Webcam
Bank CEOs Testify and AMD's AI Chip | Bloomberg Technology
How to create an AI narrator for your life
Meta's new AI image generator was trained on 1.1 billion Instagram and Facebook photos
Google aims to leave ChatGPT behind with this AI
Dorling Cartograms
Best Journals for Publishing Applied ML work?
Tencent & Sydney U's GPT4Video: A Unified Multimodal Large Language Significantly Elevates LMs' Video Generative Capabilities
Wikipedia's most-viewed articles in 2023 reflect new-found obsession with AI
Top 6 AI Investors of 2023
[P] Mamba-Chat: A Chat LLM based on State Space Models
How should AI be governed? Open source syllabus offers framework
This AI Research Introduces CoDi-2: A Groundbreaking Multimodal Large Language Model Transforming the Landscape of Interleaved Instruction Processing and Multimodal Output Generation
Sources: Microsoft plans the next major Windows version for 2024, with an AI-powered Windows Shell, an  advanced Copilot , natural language search, and more (Zac Bowden/Windows Central)
The version of Google's Gemini you can use right now doesn't beat OpenAI's GPT-4
Google teases AlphaCode 2   a code-generating AI revamped with Gemini
Queen's University students help cutting edge AI project
Researchers from MIT and Adobe Introduce Distribution Matching Distillation (DMD): An Artificial Intelligence Method to Transform a Diffusion Model into a One-Step Image Generator
Google Researchers Unveil Universal Self-Consistency (USC): A New Leap in Large Language Model Capabilities for Complex Task Performance
OCI Database: Oracle Embraces PostgreSQL
C3.ai Says Revenue Dented by New 'AI Governance' Department Reviews
How to Supercharge Your Customer Journey Analytics for Optimized Retention
EU Nears Deal to Regulate ChatGPT, Other AI Tech in Landmark Act
Long context prompting for Claude 2.1
Exclusive: Databricks launches new tools for building high-quality RAG apps
With AI's Ascension, Are We Nearing the End of Human Intelligence as We Know It?
Google's Gemini Breaks New Ground in Seamless Multimodal Reasoning
What Google's Gemini Says About the State of Alphabet
Five-month-old Indian AI startup Sarvam scores $41 million funding
MySQL Beginner's Guide
Question for Senior DS: In what order would you tackle this Math & Statistics Syllabus for Data Science?
AWS' re:Invent showed it lags behind in the generative AI space, as half of the announcements are still in preview and were seemingly developed in a rush (Corey Quinn/Last Week in AWS)
The History of the Modern Graphics Processor
Meta rolls out its AI-powered image generator as a dedicated website
OpenAI Cofounder Reid Hoffman Gives Sam Altman a Vote of Confidence
Top Execs at Sports Illustrated's Publisher Fired After AI Debacle
[D] First ICLR submission. Got rejected. Great experience overall.
How SQL execution orders varies across databases
Let's Talk Constructive Vibes in Development Teams!
What is Meta doing with 150K GPUs?
Automated proposal writing startup AutogenAI raises $39.5M from Salesforce Ventures and others
Geographical Demand Data Extraction: Web Automation and Efficient Data Handling with Python, Selenium, and BeautifulSoup
Learn Generative AI this December [For Free]
On Why Machines Can Think
MIT spinoff Liquid AI, which aims to build AI systems powered by liquid neural networks, emerges from stealth with a $37.6M seed at a $303M post-money valuation (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
The Data, Information, Knowledge, Wisdom (DIKW) Pyramid: At the Helm of Digital Transformation and Big Data
Windows in 2024: Microsoft working on AI-focused Windows release
[P] Silly project: implement MLP using a transformer (yo, dawg...)
Sydney-based Leonardo.Ai, which lets users generate AI images for use in creative industries, raised $31M, and says it has 7M users and generated 700M+ images (Catherine Shu/TechCrunch)
Minuscule AI Startup Raises $41 Million to Tap India Growth
Bengaluru-based Sarvam AI, which is building LLMs that support Indian languages, emerges from stealth with a $41M combined seed and Series A led by Lightspeed (Manish Singh/TechCrunch)
Meta Learning for Natural Language - Meta Learning for NLP Tasks: Part 3
Lisa Su Takes AMD's AI Beyond Just GPUs
Meta's AI characters are now live across its U.S. apps, with support for Bing Search and better memory
How to Convert Word (Doc/ Docx) to PDF in Python?
We have partnered with Singlestore for this Free AI Webinar on 'Using Google Vertex AI to Fine Tune LLM Apps' [Dec 8, Friday, 10 am PST]
Understanding Independence and Why it is Critical in Causal Inference and Causal Validation
AI has caused a 'rapid evolution' in digital marketing
Python 3.12 Performance - a Quick Test
Why Understanding the Data-Generation Process Is More Important Than the Data Itself
React: Front-end and back-end combined LLaMA Artificial Intelligence Project Demo
EU settles on rules for generative AI, moves to surveillance
Top 10 Research Papers Published by Google in 2023
Meet Gemini: A Google's Groundbreaking Multimodal AI Model Redefining the Future of Artificial Intelligence
Pimento turns creative briefs into visual mood boards using generative AI
AI Adventure by Steamship
DL Notes: Advanced Gradient Descent
Use the Partitions, Luke! A Simple and Proven Way to Optimise Your SQL Queries
Time Series Classification for Fatigue Detection in Runners   A Tutorial
Calling All Functions
Gemini
UserTesting unveiled findings from consumer healthcare and AI survey
STMicro Unifies AI Toolchain Across Product Lines
What Is Artificial General Intelligence?
EU 'final' talks to fix AI rules to run into second day   but deal on foundational models is on the table
Meta Unleashes Imagination with 'Imagine'
3D cube loader using html css
Daon adds xSentinel, an expansion of its AI.X technology
Google's Gemini Nano Pushes Smartphone Industry On-Edge
The Generative AI Copyright Fight Is Just Getting Started
Sarvam AI raises $41 million to Train Indic LLMs
Logistex announces collaborative partnership with Geekplus
Google Launches Genimi: The ChatGPT Killer
Microsoft Copilot AI to flex more muscle
Video Game Soundtracks Up Next for AI Disruption, Experts Say
Generative AI Tutoring Startup Kyron Learning Raises $14.6M
Adobe Researchers Propose DMV3D: A Novel 3D Generation Approach that Uses a Transformer-based 3D Large Reconstruction Model to Denoise Multi-View Diffusion
Casualties of the Chip War
Windows 12 leaks point to useful AI features, more powerful Copilot that leverages NPUs
Using Google's NotebookLM for Data Science: A Comprehensive Guide
Google's Gemini AI won't be available in Europe   for now
Google confirms that its cofounder Sergey Brin played a key role in creating its ChatGPT rival
What's coming up at #NeurIPS2023?
Best Platforms to Practice SQL
Chip Market Troubles Pose Threats After AI Euphoria
atNorth announces Heat Reuse Enabled Mega Site in Kouvola
FedEx CTO on Leveraging Generative AI, AI Summit New York 2023
MetricStream named a Leader in GRC by Independent Research Firm
NYU Researchers Propose GPQA: A Challenging Dataset of 448 Multiple-Choice Questions Written by Domain Experts in Biology, Physics, and Chemistry
Researchers from Datategy and Math & AI Institute Offer a Perspective for the Future of Multi-Modality of Large Language Models
[R] NeuroEvoBench: Benchmarking Evolutionary Optimizers for Deep Learning Applications
Marathon talks bring EU closer to AI law agreement, ChatGPT issue resolved
Sloan's Inbox: How did open source come to be?
This AI Research Uncovers the Mechanics of Dishonesty in Large Language Models: A Deep Dive into Prompt Engineering and Neural Network Analysis
How can Cloud-Based AI/ML Services Take Your Business to New Heights?
Turn email designs to code that works even in Outlook, in a single click
The Morning After: Google's Gemini is the company's answer to ChatGPT
AMD's ROCm is Ready To Challenge NVIDIA's CUDA
UK Consults on Plans to Regulate Tech Firms Critical to Finance
Are Google Gemini and OpenAI's GPT-4 peak LLM?
An Opinionated Guide to Which AI to Use: ChatGPT Anniversary Edition
9 Best Small Language Models Released in 2023
EU AI Act Stalls as Lawmakers Argue Past Deadline
Meet GPS-Gaussian: A New Artificial Intelligence Approach for Synthesizing Novel Views of a Character in a Real-Time Manner
The top ten films about artificial intelligence according to an expert
8 LLMs and Deep Learning repos to get you into the TOP 1%
How do we find the repos that the top 1% of devs use?
Elon Musk aims to raise $1 billion for AI startup xAI amid competitive market
Meet Vchitect: An Open-Sourced Large-Scale Generalist Video Creation System for Text-to-Video (T2V) and Image-to-Video (I2V) Applications
Enhancing Data Security and Collaboration: AWS Clean Rooms Introduces Machine Learning and Differential Privacy Features
AI's Climate Impact Goes beyond Its Emissions
Amazon Unveils Titan AI Image Generator
Edge 350: Meet Zephyr: How Hugging Face's Instruction Fine Tuned LLM Outperformed Models 10 Times Its Size
It Takes More Than a 'Better Product' to Compete with Google Search
Ceva launches New Brand Identity
Let's take a pause
The Download: Google's Gemini is here, and Sundar Pichai talks AI
New State of Generative AI Insiders Report Outlines the Urgency to be Generative AI-Ready in 2024
AI models are 'just scratching the surface' and will 'skyrocket in the near future,' Google Cloud director says
MIT engineers develop a way to determine how the surfaces of materials behave
AI Startup for Aerospace Valued at About $300 Million in New Financing
Taiwan's 'silicon shield' is cracking as US-China chip war rages
5 Key Areas For 'Hard-Task' AI To Conquer
Unveiling the Wonders of ChatGPT: A Dive into the Backend Magic
AI Drive-Thru Firm Reveals Humans Needed on 70% of Orders
Lattice Semiconductor collaborates with NVIDIA to Accelerate Edge AI
AMD Continues AI Push with New Chips for Data Centers Laptops
[R] LongScope: Fragmented knowledge use in long contexts in LLMs
Why Amazon and Nvidia Are Teaming Up in the Cloud
Microsoft's Unveils Orca2, Creating the First Cautious Reasoner LLM
How we're enriching the Teams essentials to make collaboration easier
For PhD data scientists in research focused roles, do you exclusively hire PhDs?
When Humans Need to Answer Tough Questions About Data
News of OpenAI workers' big bluff is the latest crack in Sam Altman's facade
'So much faster than GPT-4': People are hyped for Google's AI model Gemini in its first 24 hours
Ex-Google, Coursera employees start Lutra AI to make AI workflows easier to build
Marketing is an art and a science. Here are 3 ways to amplify creativity in the generative-AI era
Let's order one.
Lightning AI Joins AI Alliance To Advance Open, Safe, Responsible AI
Apple Launches Open-Source Tools for AI Developers Using Macs
The One Plot to Rule Them All
Can ChatGPT write malware?
4 Ways to Quantify Fat Tails with Python
Noam Chomsky turns 95: The social justice advocate paved the way for AI. Does it keep him up at night?
AI for Universal Audio Understanding: Qwen-Audio Explained
AI21 and Invisible Technologies announce strategic partnership
X rolls out xAI's chatbot Grok to X Premium+ users (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
Connecting the Dots: Unravelling OpenAI's Alleged Q-Star Model
This AI Paper Introduces the Segment Anything for NeRF in High Quality (SANeRF-HQ) Framework to Achieve High-Quality 3D Segmentation of Any Object in a Given Scene.
Early impressions of Google's Gemini aren't great
This Week's Most Read: DeepMind's New AI Agent System
The Marshall Islands brought a $35 billion plan to the table at COP28 in Dubai &mdash; without it, the country risks a climate catastrophe
Can We Optimize Large Language Models More Efficiently? Check Out this Comprehensive Survey of Algorithmic Advancements in LLM Efficiency
Meta's Purple Llama aims to make open-source AI safer
Watch Our Top Virtual Sessions from ODSC West 2023 Here
Seattle-based Rhythms, which plans to use AI to analyze companies' patterns, such as monthly reviews and weekly meetings, comes out of stealth with a $26M seed (Taylor Soper/GeekWire)
iPhone 16 Will Feature a Much Better Mic for An Improved Siri (and AI) Experience
Financial Data Analysis
DIY Observability for OpenAI with OpenTelemetry
Service bots turn off customers even when they work as well as humans, study shows
[D] In decoder models, if later tokens attend to early tokens but early tokens don't attend to later tokens, what stops the influence of the early tokens from growing with each layer?
Tesla's Dojo Supercomputer Head Exits in Blow to Efforts
These 5 major tech advances of 2023 were the biggest game-changers
Is Alexa sexist? Yes, says study
'Help me write' AI appears headed for Google Chrome
[R] Half-Quadratic Quantization of Large Machine Learning Models
LLMLingua: Innovating LLM efficiency with prompt compression
VALID: A perceptually validated virtual avatar library for inclusion and diversity
The reason for firing Sam Altman was  to strengthen OpenAI,  says Helen Toner
Acer's Nitro V 16 gaming laptop is the first to be powered by a Ryzen 8040 CPU
AMD makes AI statement with new hardware and roadmap, set to rival Nvidia in the data center
Avail rolls out its AI summarization tool to help Hollywood execs keep up with script coverage
Can You Use Kafka as a Database?
Elon Musk's 'Anti-Woke' AI Is Here, Snowflakes Need Not Apply
[D] Undergrad contemplating a Machine Learning PhD, but worried about what that truly entails.
How Sam Altman's OpenAI drama highlighted the debate splitting Silicon Valley: Are you an e/acc or decel?
EU to put extra guardrails on AI foundation models like GPT-4
Sam Altman hates the name ChatGPT
Piiano Flows Scans for Sensitive Data Leaks in Git Code
MakeBlobs + Fictional Synthetic Data, Adding Data to Domain-Specific LLMs, and What Tech Layoffs.
Training algorithm breaks barriers to deep physical neural networks
Anthropic's long context  prompt hack  shows the weirdness of LLMs
Tips for Responsible Use of Generative AI in Enterprise
Beyond ChatGPT: Tailored AI in Test Automation
The Cogni-Synth Era Is Here: Achieving Harmony Between Humans and AI
Google Gemini AI   Full Video - The Only Competitor Against ChatGPT / GPT-4 - #1 On Benchmarks
As a new AI-driven coding assistant is launched, the battle for AI-mindshare moves to developers
DataCebo launches enterprise version of popular open source synthetic data library
Fine-Tuning for Classification: Unlocking Multilabel and Multilingual Use Cases
AWS Bedrock Claude 2.1 - Return only JSON
How ChatGPT could help first responders during natural disasters
CSS Spiderman Animation
Enterprise Service Management is Making AI-Powered Teams a Reality
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #4
AI multi-speaker lip-sync has arrived
Researchers from Microsoft and Tsinghua University Propose SCA (Segment and Caption Anything) to Efficiently Equip the SAM Model with the Ability to Generate Regional Captions
Andrej Karpathy LLM Paper Reading List for LLM Mastery
In-depth Handling/Imputation Techniques of Missing Values in Feature Transformation
Demand Builds for Third-Party GenAI Development Services
AI & Big Data Expo: Demystifying AI and seeing past the hype
Clone your voice using open-source models
Former OpenAI board member Helen Toner says the board's  goal in firing Sam was to strengthen OpenAI , but declines to offer specifics on why Altman was fired (Wall Street Journal)
Why Stability AI is launching a subscription fee
Talk Directly to Your Data Using Everyday Language
Peter McKee, Head of Developer Relations at Sonar   Interview Series
Alphabet Rallies as Gemini Release Eases Fears Over AI Position
Q* and LVM: LLM's AGI Evolution
Google Unveils Its Latest AI Model Gemini
How ChatGPT can help you do archival research   but never replace archivists
Google Bard Cheat Sheet: What Is Google Bard, and How Does It Work?
Canadian firms paying 'significantly' more in ransomware attacks: data
Computer scientists introduce a new method to reduce the size of multilingual language models
Q&A with IBM CEO Arvind Krishna on AI's business uses, Biden's EO, rolling out WatsonX in July 2023, growing IBM's AI business, falling behind in AI, and more (Hayden Field/CNBC)
AlphaCode 2 is the hidden champion of Google's Gemini project
ChatGPT often won't defend its answers, even when it is right: Study finds weakness in large language models' reasoning
New Ajax Health Affiliate Raises $90 Million Led by KKR, Hellman
Microsoft upgrades Copilot with OpenAI's GPT-4 Turbo, DALL-E 3 - and more
MatterGen: Property-guided materials design
New open-source platform cuts costs for running AI
ChatGPT rules the Generative AI class at work
How do you deal with people wanting definite answers when statistics isn't deterministic?
Alphabet's Gemini Surges, Rivaling Microsoft's OpenAI in AI Race
CEO of Twitter Posts Brain-Meltingly Idiotic Message About Elon's Foulmouthed AI
Automated system teaches users when to collaborate with an AI assistant
SVG Tutorial: Learn SVG through 25 examples
10 Best No Code App Builders (December 2023)
SpaceX Tender Offer and AMD Takes On Nvidia | Bloomberg Technology
Google's best Gemini demo was faked
Learning Resources for MLE/CS Topics
Simulation Optimization: Helping My Friend Model and Optimize His Company's Support Desk
Cisco goes all in on AI to strengthen its cybersecurity strategy
San Francisco startup MaintainX raises $50 million to bring A.I. to industrial operations
Nicki Minaj Fans Are Using AI to Create  Gag City
Microsoft exec hints at new LLMs beyond OpenAI's
Google's Demo For ChatGPT Rival Criticized By Some Employees
VAST Data Closes Series E Funding, nearly Triples Valuation to $9.1 Bn
Opal Security raises $22M in Series B Funding
[D] Thoughts on Mamba?
Meta publicly launches AI image generator trained on your Facebook, Instagram photos
OpenAI's GPT Store Coming in Q1, Board to Expand, AI Summit New York
Stability AI goes 'smol' with StableLM Zephyr 3B
Backed by Cresta founders, Trove's AI wants to make surveys fun again
Verseon pioneers Real-time Explainable AI
Amazon Alexa AI Researchers Introduce QUADRo: A Groundbreaking Resource with Over 440,000 Annotated Examples for Enhancing QA Systems
How Redis Finds Moat in the Indian Market
X begins rolling out Grok, its 'rebellious' chatbot, to subscribers
Deploy a Custom ML Model as a SageMaker Endpoint
Microsoft-OpenAI: A Symbiotic Partnership or One-Sided Affair?
EU Takes Another Run at AI Rules Deal After Marathon Negotiation
Analysing Shiny App start-up Times with Google Lighthouse
Is there a thread about AI vs UBI?
AMD Loves Llama So Much
Broadcom CEO Expects AI Windfall Even as Sales Growth Slows
Python 3.12.1 is now available
This is the first maintenance release of Python 3.12
Major new features of the 3.12 series, compared to 3.11
Two breakthroughs made 2023 tech's most innovative year in over a decade
Entertainment Data Science: Streaming vs. Theatrical
Google's Gemini video demo of its multimodal capabilities wasn't carried out in real time or in voice; the model was shown still images and given text prompts (Parmy Olson/Bloomberg)
Standard Webhooks 1.0.0
Google AI Research Introduces a Groundbreaking Quantum Algorithm for Efficiently Simulating Coupled Oscillators
Microsoft moves forward on Semantic Kernel SDK
Am I a bad analyst, or is my boss expecting way too much?
[D] Advice on First ML Research Paper
Bridging AI & Science: The Impact of Machine Learning on Material Innovation with Joe Spisak of Meta
ChatGPT beaten by 1960s computer program in Turing test study | The Independent
The first Final Fantasy XVI DLC 'Echoes of the Fallen' is out now
Meet Neosync: The Open Source Solution for Synchronizing and Anonymizing Production Data Across Development Environments and Testing
Anthropic researchers find adding pleas to a prompt that tell its Claude 2 model not to be biased could reduce discrimination based on race, gender, and more (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
Google just launched a new AI, and has already admitted at least one demo wasn't real
Meet VideoSwap: An Artificial Intelligence Framework that Customizes Video Subject Swapping with Interactive Semantic Point Correspondence
Apps That Use AI to Undress Women in Photos Soaring in Use
Data Culture 'Half Baked,' Forrester Says
[D] Machine Learning Curriculum
How Reliable Is a Ratio?
Ex-OpenAI Board Member Refuses to Say Why She Fired Sam Altman
Anthropic's latest tactic to stop racist AI: Asking it 'really really really really' nicely
Watermark Remover by Magic Studio
AI in 2023: A year of breakthroughs that left no human thing unchanged
One weird trick for teaching users your software
What Is the Probability That Two Persons Have the Same Initials?
Meta trials Purple Llama project for AI developers to test safety risks in models
Mastering Prompt Management
Google admits that a Gemini AI demo video was staged
Quoting Sebastian Majstorovic
Microsoft Sees AI Deployments Accelerating in 2024, AI Summit New York
Israel's AI can produce 100 bombing targets a day in Gaza. Is this the future of war?
Weeknotes: datasette-enrichments, datasette-comments, sqlite-chronicle
Abu Dhabi-based AI company G42 plans to cut ties with Chinese hardware suppliers in favor of US counterparts, saying  we cannot work with both sides  (Financial Times)
Announcing Purple Llama: Towards open trust and safety in the new world of generative AI
Oracle Linux 8.8'de Yedekli Yapya Node Nasl Eklenir?
A New AI Research from CMU and Meta Introduces PyNeRF: A Leap in Neural Radiance Fields with Scale-Aware, Grid-Based Rendering
Wipro is Certified as a Best Firm for Data Scientists
Learn to forget? How to rein in a rogue chatbot
University of Illinois Researchers Introduce Magicoder: a Series of Fully Open-Source Large Language Models (LLMs) for Code
Microsoft Researchers Propose TaskWeaver: A Code-First Machine Learning Framework for Building LLM-Powered Autonomous Agents
Bedrock AI changes name to Hudson Labs to reflect growth & evolution
Imagine with Meta AI
[D] Is masters while working full time as ML engineer worth it?
Enterprises will need AI governance as large language models grow in number
NVIDIA is Rolling Out GH200 for its Customers
Using Slope Charts to Simplify Your Data Visualization
Responsible AI Institute launches RAISE Benchmarks
Bill Ackman has a new comrade in his crusade against antisemitism: Sam Altman
What Is Partial Information Decomposition and How Features Interact
Why Everyone's Going Gaga over TogetherAI
Lightning AI joins AI Alliance to Advance Open, Safe, Responsible AI
Google's Next Top Model, Will the Cybertruck Crash? and This Week in A.I.
Cats Can Hide Their Pain--But Not from AI
University of Galway AI chatbot Cara wins big at THE awards
UK's CMA is looking at whether Microsoft and OpenAI tie-up is a 'relevant merger'
Hallucination Index Identifies Best LLMs for Most Popular AI Use Cases
Guest Post: How to Maximize LLM Performance*
Bottomright AI
What is Copilot (formerly Bing Chat)? Here's everything you need to know
Generative Power of Tens: Google shows off impressive AI zoom
6 Cutting-Edge ML Projects for Your Power-Packed Resume!
Power of AIOps in E-Commerce: Revolutionizing Operations with Artificial Intelligence
ChatGPT's New Rival: Google's Gemini
Signal65 launches, announces Ryan Shrout as President and GM
AI News Roundup: New Benchmarks for Testing AI Product Integrity
How to Create a Custom ChatGPT
These are the jobs most likely to be taken over by AI
Investors have piled into AI startups following the launch of ChatGPT. Here are 32 pitch decks used by AI founders to win over VCs.
OpenAI, Cloud Giants: In 10 Years, All Companies Will Use Gen AI, AI Summit NY 2023
Sam Altman says his iPhone broke after being fired from OpenAI because it was overwhelmed with messages
Is India Sitting on the Cusp of an Autonomous Vehicle Revolution?
Google took a  fake it till you make it  approach to demonstrating Gemini's multimodal capabilities
Windows 12 and the coming AI chip war
Meet ImageDream: An AI Model that Generates 3D Models From Images
There's been a creepy rise in people using AI apps to 'undress' women in photos, data shows
EU lawmakers move closer to finalizing AI Act
Microsoft's relationship with OpenAI now in competition regulator's sights
If the future world were divided into fifteen races, pick your side
BigRead.ai
Microsoft, OpenAI Tie-Up Facing UK Antitrust Scrutiny
The UK's competition regulator is reviewing Microsoft's links to OpenAI
Which AI Image Generator Is the Best?
Prompt technique to skyrocket Claude's accuracy
Google's NotebookLM Aims to Be the Ultimate Writing Assistant
2024 Trend Report: Saviynt
From rationality to QAnon: Bill Gates discusses the internet's unforeseen path as a place for  crazy people
Researchers from ETH Zrich and Max Planck Introduce 'HOLD': A Groundbreaking Category-Agnostic AI Method for 3D Hand-Object Reconstruction from Monocular Videos
LatticeFlow partners with CertifAI to deliver AI safety & compliance
Why is Elon Musk's Grok chatbot so unfunny?
Instock announces New Funding led by Amazon Industrial Innovation Fund
This AI Research Presents a New Approach to Pose Object Recognition as Next Token Prediction
Researchers from Tongji University and Microsoft Unveil STLVQE: A Groundbreaking AI Approach to Online Video Quality Enhancement
Google's GPT-4 rival Gemini is failing to get basic facts right, and tells people to Google it when asked about some controversial topics
China opening its doors to the West and an AI model taking over the stock market are among the 'gray swan' events that could rattle investors in 2024, research firm says
Microsoft's $10 billion partnership with OpenAI faces its first big antitrust hiccup
Engadget Podcast: Our 200th episode celebration
Personalized AI Made Simple: Your No-Code Guide to Adapting GPTs
Google Fools Everyone with Gemini
Lattice showcases real-world FPGA usage by BMW, Meta and Nvidia
Sam Altman's Right-Hand Man Says AI Is Overhyped
AI Image Apps That 'Undress' Women Are on the Rise
Google Admits Gemini AI Demo Was at Least Partially Faked
Generative AI is transforming businesses everywhere. Big Tech will still be crowned the winner.
5 Super Cheat Sheets to Master Data Science
Google's AI note-taking app is now available to users in the US
AI regulation: What does the future hold?
Google Definitely Had Its 'Hands-On' That Gemini AI Demo
Microsoft's OpenAI Investment Risks Scrutiny from US, UK Regulators
[R] Free3D: Consistent Novel View Synthesis without 3D Representation
Apple Offers Developers MLX Framework for Machine Learning
The Intersection of AI and Cybersecurity: Strengthening Digital Defenses
Gemini Cheat Sheet: Google's State-of-the-Art Multimodal Assistant Explained
Google's NotebookLM Could Be the Ultimate AI-Based Notes App if It Doesn't Lie to You
A look at Grok responses Elon Musk has highlighted on X shows an AI chatbot whose unfunny,  edgy , pointlessly offensive humor feels forced and try-hard (Elizabeth Lopatto/The Verge)
Google DeepMind at NeurIPS 2023
GenAI Will Shatter And Reconstruct Every Company And Industry
Mastering PR Messages: Why worry about them when there's AI (Part 2)
Improve your RAG application response quality with real-time structured data
Elon Musk's X chatbot Grok launches in English
The Future of OpenAI's GPTs   2024 SWOT Analysis
Top 5 AI Engineering Trends of 2023
An 'AI' fast food drive-thru is mostly just human workers in the Philippines
Generative AI from an enterprise architecture strategy perspective
Mind-Bending Breakthrough: Unleash ChatGPT with the Power of Your Mind!
Google launches the Gemini Pro-powered NotebookLM, demoed at I/O 2023 as an  AI-first notebook  that pulls information from users' documents, in the US (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Microsoft-OpenAI Face UK Antitrust Probe
Google's AI-infused NotebookLM note-taking app is open to everyone in the US
AMD patent potentially describes future GPU chiplet design
Revolutionary Small AI for Edge-Based Speech Recognition
Hadoop/Spark is too heavy, esProc SPL is light
[D] In Neural Networks is it effective to select the best-performing output neurons to train the model?
The Busy Person's Intro to Finetuning & Open Source AI - Wing Lian, Axolotl
SuperDuperDB is #3 on GitHub Trending globally!
Assured and Trustworthy Human-centered AI   a AAAI Fall symposium
Microsoft faces potential antitrust probe in UK over OpenAI relationship
Synthetic Art Could Help AI Systems Learn
VideoRF paves the way for real-time 3D streaming on smartphones and VR headsets
In One Tiger-Infested Village, AI Trail Cameras are Keeping People Safe
Google admits it fudged a Gemini AI demo video, which critics say misled viewers
Indian Generative AI Startup Sarvam AI Raises $41M
Is Your Data Management Strategy Ready for AI? 5 Ways to Tell
Control AI Costs Through Agile Data Science Project Management
Make your own Pomodoro Application with Python
Qysea's New Underwater Drone Looks Dope, But It Deserves a Better Camera
2023 Was the Year of Large Language Models: Then and Now
Google's AI-assisted NotebookLM note-taking app is now open to users in the US
UltraFastBERT: Exponentially Faster Language Modeling
Vivek Sharma, CEO & Co-Founder of Movable Ink   Interview Series
A Dual Augmented Two-tower Model for Online Large-scale Recommendation
A tailored approach to GenAI
Mine's $30M boost will bring AI-based privacy to the enterprise
Vanishing & Exploding Gradient Problem: Neural Networks 101
Be glad UK's watchdog has its eyes on what just happened at OpenAI | Nils Pratley
pyaction 4.27.0 Released
Is Real-Time 3D Rendering on Mobile Devices Now Possible? Researchers from China Introduced VideoRF: An AI Approach to Enable Real-Time Streaming and Rendering of Dynamic Radiance Fields on Mobile Platforms
Quoting Stay SaaSy
X's AI chatbot Grok now 'rolled out to all' US Premium+ subscribers, English language users are next
Busted! Drive-Thru Run by  AI  Actually Operated by Humans in the Philippines
Researchers from the University of Washington and Google Unveil a Breakthrough in Image Scaling: A Groundbreaking Text-to-Image Model for Extreme Semantic Zooms and Consistent Multi-Scale Content Creation
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: X.AI And Seismic Therapeutics Lead Surprisingly Big Week
Knowledge Copilots
ChatGPT rival Pi launches on Android
Google's NotebookLM gets a dozen new features, including a Gemini Pro upgrade
Creative Robot Tool Use with Large Language Models
Revolutionizing Healthcare: Exploring the Impact and Future of Large Language Models in Medicine
Silicon Valley Guys Casually Calculating Probability Their AI Will Destroy Humankind
Pushing the Limits of RAG: Seeking Insights on Embedding Models for Next-Level AI Performance
Embracing Modern Python for Web Development
Google's AI note taking app NotebookLM now available to all U.S. users
Source: the US FTC is examining the nature of Microsoft's investment in OpenAI and whether it violates antitrust laws (Leah Nylen/Bloomberg)
Why Viable Uses Next.js and Node.js for AI Applications
[D] Class-Discriminative Attention Maps for Vision Transformers
Arming Developers with the Power of Clean Code
AI Can Now Read Your Cat's Pain
Round 2: We test the new Gemini-powered Bard against ChatGPT
Google Gemini Meet Crypto-Cyber-Crystals
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of December 8th
Announcing our $50M Series C to build superhuman Speech AI models
Mulch and the enduring appeal of internet absurdism
Sparsity-preserving differentially private training
OpenAI taps former Twitter India head to kickstart in the country
Biases in large image-text AI model favor wealthier, Western perspectives: Study
Tesla's Dojo Supercomputer Team Loses Another Key Member
What are you feeding your AI?
The FTC is reportedly looking into Microsoft's $13 billion OpenAI investment
TiDE: the 'embarrassingly' simple MLP that beats Transformers
[D] A genuine and honest discussion on Collusion Ring(s)
How this retailer uses machine learning and computer vision to keep its shelves full
Prepare Frontline B2B Marketers For Their AI Future
Sources: complaints from some senior OpenAI staff that Sam Altman had been psychologically abusive were a major factor in the board's decision to fire Altman (Nitasha Tiku/Washington Post)
[R] Recurrent Distance-Encoding Neural Networks for Graph Representation Learning
Only 10 Percent Of Organizations Launched GenAI Solutions in 2023, According to an Intel Company
'Nudify' Apps That Use AI to 'Undress' Women in Photos Are Soaring in Popularity
Elon Musk Releases Generative AI Chatbot Grok on X
Meta releases open-source tools for AI safety
AI at the edge: 5G and the Internet of Things see fast times ahead
Cara's Glaze Integration Provides Artists Protection Against AI Scraping
The Implications of AI Recreating Images From Our Mind is Frightening
U.S. Border Patrol is using AI to crack down on fentanyl trafficking
Top 7 Frontend Trends   and Predictions For 2024 You Should Watch Out (According to Experts)
Why Are People Bashing Google Gemini if It's Better Than GPT-4?
Like Principal Components Analysis?
Digging Into HTMX: Examples and How to Use It
Microsoft's 'Semantic Kernel' AI SDK Ships as Release Candidate
Microsoft, OpenAI and UK Regulators | Bloomberg Technology
Microsoft's Answer to OpenAI Inquiry: It Doesn't Own a Stake
Readers Want Publications to Label AI-Generated Content
STACK Infrastructure expands Northern Virginia Data Center Campus
How to Effectively Search Large Datasets in Python
How can the Effectiveness of Vision Transformers be Leveraged in Diffusion-based Generative Learning? This Paper from NVIDIA Introduces a Novel Artificial Intelligence Model Called Diffusion Vision Transformers (DiffiT)
Google Accused of Misleading With Gemini Announcement Video
Should Section 230 Protect AI Companies From Being Sued Out of Existence?
OpenAI Picks WilmerHale Lawyers for Altman Firing Investigation
The Secret Behind AI Drive-Thrus? It's Humans Doing the Work.
Available Now: NVIDIA AI Accelerated DGL and PyG Containers for GNNs
Add One Line of SQL to Optimise Your BigQuery Tables
How to Fine-tune EasyOCR to achieve better OCR performance
OpenAI looks into complaints about  lazy  ChatGPT with GPT-4
[P] I built a tool to compare cloud GPUs. How should I improve it?
Researchers from MIT and FAIR Meta Unveil RCG (Representation-Conditioned Image Generation): A Groundbreaking AI Framework in Class-Unconditional Image Generation
Inside OpenAI's Crisis Over the Future of Artificial Intelligence
Supercomputer uses machine learning to set new speed record
Top 10 Women Leaders Who Are Killing It in AI
10 Open-Source Trending GitHub Repositories
Here's How the EU Will Regulate Advanced AI Models Like ChatGPT
[D] How do people know what the  best models  are right now?
Google could use Gemini models to create multimodal chatbot biographers for your life story
Google's Gemini, Grok Goes Premium, and More of the Top AI News of the Week
EU reaches  historic agreement  on world's first AI regulation, setting global precedent
Adding AI   To Your Enterprise with Swirl: Search Smarter, Better, and Faster
The Problem with Traditional Search
How parametric insurance startups use data science and AI to limit their liability, as climate change makes typical kinds of coverage unprofitable (Christopher Mims/Wall Street Journal)
How AI can cut two hours of work into 15 minutes with SAP CTO Juergen Mueller
How to handle extreme large datasets
Towards Unbiased Evaluation of Large Language Models
EU Strikes Deal to Regulate ChatGPT, AI Tech in Landmark Act
This week in AI: Mistral and the EU's fight for AI sovereignty
Paris-based Startup and OpenAI Competitor Mistral AI Valued at $2 Billion
Google AI Research Proposes TRICE: A New Machine Learning Algorithm for Tuning LLMs to be Better at Solving Question-Answering Tasks Using Chain-of-Thought (CoT) Prompting
Here is an interesting take on LLM hallucinations by Andrej Karpathy
Meet PyPose: A PyTorch-based Robotics-Oriented Library that Provides a Set of Tools and Algorithms for Connecting Deep Learning with Physics-based Optimization
How to store and calculate historical big data with lower usage frequency
EU strikes deal on landmark AI law
Stanford and Meta inch towards AI that acts human with new 'CHOIS' interaction model
Fork.ai Extension
Google's Gemini AI launch marred by questions over capabilities
The Power of Startups in Turning Big Data into Big Impact
I used CodiumAI's PR Agent, and I love it
23 Open-Source libraries to launch your portfolio (to the moon)
AI in product :
EU Negotiators Reach Agreement on World's First AI Regulations
If only your skillset is statistics (intermediate) and python and SQL and machine learning (SKlearn implementation and traditional statistical learning book) where would you go next?
AI doctor's offices at the mall and gym will let you test your own blood &mdash; with no trained medics onsite
Gag City is a viral win for Nicki Minaj
3D Gaussian Splatting - Why Graphics Will Never Be The Same
Dev News: Django Updates, Storybook 7.6, and Node.js 20 Beta
Google Gemini AI, M3-Powered Apple iPads, and More Top Product News of the Week
The European Parliament and the EU's 27 member states will need to approve the AI Act, which seeks fines of up to &euro;35M or 7% of global turnover for violations (Bloomberg)
Research Papers in November 2023
[News] Trending on GitHub globally 3 days in a row: SuperDuperDB, a framework for integrating AI with major databases (making them super-duper)
Lead attorneys for Epic and Google say Tim Sweeney and Sundar Pichai met for an hour on December 7 and the meeting  did not result in a settlement  (Sean Hollister/The Verge)
Gemini co-lead Oriol Vinyals addresses criticism of Google Deepmind's staged multimodal demo
Free AI Webinar: Beginners Guide to LangChain: Chat with Your Multi-Model Data [December 11, 10:00 am PST]
Python Projects for Beginners: Learn by Doing
Sam Altman Accused of 'Psychologically Abusive' Behavior
Ending the year with 12 lessons about data career
System of intelligence   generative AI at the app layer
Decoding Deep Learning: An Introductory Guide to Neural Networks
[R] Vision Grid Transformers for Document Layout Analysis
Sketching the Future of Tabular Data Exploration And Research
Meanwhile in Europe.
Key Players in OpenAI's Boardroom Drama
The Blessing of Dimensionality?! (Part 1)
Temporal Graph Benchmark
Do You Understand Me? Human and Machine Intelligence
Columbia and Google Researchers Introduce 'ReconFusion': An Artificial Intelligence Method for Efficient 3D Reconstruction with Minimal Images
AI and Ethical Hacking: Redefining Fair Play in Games
Elon Musk vows to change his AI chatbot after it apparently expressed similar left-wing political views as ChatGPT
How to try Meta's AI image generator Imagine right now
Meet MVHumanNet: A Large-Scale Dataset that Comprises Multi-View Human Action Sequences of 4,500 Human Identities
SEC Chair Warns AI  Herding  Could Drive Markets  Off an Inadvertent Cliff
Mixtral: French start-up Mistral releases what is essentially a small GPT-4
Clustering on an n-dimensional input space
Meet Notus: Enhancing Language Models with Data-Driven Fine-Tuning
The Morning After: Battle of the chatbots, part two
Europe Puts Stake in the Ground With First Pact to Regulate AI
Nvidia's stock has beaten every other stock in the S&P 500 this year and is on pace for the best annual performance of any major stock in the past decade (Ben Cohen/Wall Street Journal)
Apple AI Research Releases MLX: An Efficient Machine Learning Framework Specifically Designed for Apple Silicon
Create Many-To-One relationships Between Columns in a Synthetic Table with PySpark UDFs
Convenient Reinforcement Learning With Stable-Baselines3
Google's new AI technology could be smarter than OpenAI's GPT-4
Climate activists join the pro-Palestinian cause during a rare protest in Dubai
ChatGPT exploded into public life a year ago. Now we know what went on behind the scenes | John Naughton
Meet Gemini: Google's Largest and Most Powerful AI Model
[P] llm_microlibs: Building blocks for running models in distributed mode under budget constraints
Outcry enthuses after Google edits Gemini AI demo video
AI tools for web developers you need to follow
Controversial AI image platform Civitai dropped by its cloud computing provider after reports of possible CSAM
Elon Musk Fans Horrified When His Grok AI Immediately  Goes Woke
Adding an alpha channel to focus CLIP leads to better performance
OctoML ends its business with text-to-image AI model sharing platform Civitai, after a report found some images by Civitai users  could be categorized as  CSAM (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
I am studying linear algebra again from the beginning.
This AI Paper from Google and UC Berkeley Introduces NeRFiller: An Artificial Intelligence Approach that Revolutionizes 3D Scene Reconstruction Using 2D Inpainting Diffusion Models
Microsoft's TaskWeaver: Empowering Intelligent Conversational Agents for Handling Domain-Specific Complex Tasks
A bear case for the AI industry, as the sectors it seems to be able to disrupt so far, like writing, digital art, and programming help, are not very lucrative (Erik Hoel/The Intrinsic Perspective)
[D] Insight into the Real Life of a Deep Learning Programmer
Mistral AI bucks release trend by dropping torrent link to new open source LLM
[P] Research Papers in November 2023
If you work as a data analyst and have a masters that included statistics, What's missing to bridge the gap to data science?
Recent Anthropic Research Tells that You can Increase LLMs Recall Capacity by 70% with a Single Addition to Your Prompt: Unleashing the Power of Claude 2.1 through Strategic Prompting
Researchers from AI2 and the University of Washington Uncover the Superficial Nature of Alignment in LLMs and Introduce URIAL: A Novel Tuning-Free Method
This AI Research Unveils Alpha-CLIP: Elevating Multimodal Image Analysis with Targeted Attention and Enhanced Control
Google Gemini Looks Amazing in Video Demos, But Marketing Makes Another Unforced Error
Creating a Smart Second Brain: Leveraging Cloudflare Workers, Vectorize, and OpenAI
Simplifying ETL Pipelines with SQL: Three Tips for Data Processing
This AI Research from The University of Hong Kong and Alibaba Group Unveils 'LivePhoto': A Leap Forward in Text-Controlled Video Animation and Motion Intensity Customization
Arm CEO Fears Humans Could Lose Control of AI
[Project] AMLTK: A framework for building your own AutoML (AutoSklearn authors)
Feedback and Discussion About New Versions of the CodeBehind Framework
[R] Robot hand rotates tomato potato
7 SQL Coding Questions for Data Analysts and Data Scientists
Oops! Elon Musk's Grok AI Caught Plagiarizing OpenAI's ChatGPT
Radial Treemaps: Extending Treemaps to Circular Mappings
The EU Just Passed Sweeping New Rules to Regulate AI
What is needed in a comprehensive outline on Natural Language Processing?
Instance segmentation of small objects in grainy drone imagery
Sources detail what happened at OpenAI in the build-up to Sam Altman's firing; some board members believed that Altman was trying to pit them against each other (New York Times)
Meta AI Presents EfficientSAM: SAM's Little Brother with 20x Fewer Parameters and 20x Faster Runtime
[R] Everything of Thoughts: Defying the Law of Penrose Triangle for Thought Generation
[D] What are the challenges to have a self-play RL language model without having massive amount of data?
Google fakes an AI demo, Grand Theft Auto VI goes viral and Spotify cuts jobs
Customize Colormaps with Matplotlib
Disney princess song, but she's a cannibal (ChatGPT + Suno)
What WALL-E tells us about AI and the future
CI using GitHub Actions
Can Intel Play Catch-Up with NVIDIA and AMD?
Are you using ChatGPT to complete tasks at work? It might be tired of doing the heavy lifting.
Graphika: apps and websites using AI to undress women in photos are soaring in popularity; 34 such providers together had 24M+ unique visitors in September 2023 (Margi Murphy/Bloomberg)
This startup is solving the biggest problem to creating drugs that work
The industries AI is disrupting are not lucrative
Sales Pipeline Managment Tips & Tricks from Experience?
Human and AiConfig - Life is all about Composition
A look at L4S, an internet standard finalized in January 2023, aiming to reduce latency, with interest from Apple, Google, Comcast, Nvidia, and other companies (Mitchell Clark/The Verge)
Researchers from MIT and ETH Zurich Developed a Machine-Learning Technique for Enhanced Mixed Integer Linear Programs (MILP) Solving Through Dynamic Separator Selection
Microsoft Integrates Copilot with Azure Quantum Elements for Advancing Scientific Research
[P] The Power of Reinforcement Learning: look how this DeepRL Sektor model found a smart, super-cool exploit for Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 in the video of a submission on DIAMBRA competition platform!
Advent of Array Elegance (AoC2023 Day 7)
Using Facebook Research's Llama Guard to moderate ChatGPT convos
[R] Alpha-CLIP: A CLIP Model Focusing on Wherever You Want
Data scientists in forecasting roles, what's your day to day?
Integrate LLM Frameworks
AI Image Creator
I've 3 options after Andrew NG's  Machine Learning Specialization
This A.I. Subculture's Motto: Go, Go, Go
[Research] Why aren't **Liquid Neural Networks** not prominent in AI research or practical applications as other neural network architectures?
Gemini and Mistral MoE: Both Impactul Altough Very Different Releases
Malaysia's YTL Power partners with Nvidia in a $4.3B investment deal to create AI infrastructure in the country, including building a supercomputer in Malaysia (Reuters)
Data Machina #231
How Google's Gemini AI model got its name
Tencent Researchers Present FaceStudio: An Innovative Artificial Intelligence Approach to Text-to-Image Generation Specifically Focusing on Identity-Preserving
Meet DeepCache: A Simple and Effective Acceleration Algorithm for Dynamically Compressing Diffusion Models during Runtime
Summary Artwork with the AiConfig
[P] LVE Project: First Open Source Repository of LLM Vulnerabilities
How to Use Zapier With Custom GPTs (Step by Step Guide)
Bryan Cantrill on AI Doomerism: Intelligence Is Not Enough
Amazon Q in Amazon QuickSight (Preview)- Generative BI dashboards with Natural Language Processing
Programming a Neural Network Tutorial: Vintage Style
[R] Chain of Code: Reasoning with a Language Model-Augmented Code Emulator
Google finally gives ChatGPT some competition
OpenChat framework aims to optimize open-source language models
Build a Customer Support Bot in 20 Minutes With Tanuki + GPT4
Q&A with Boston Dynamics CTO Aaron Saunders on generative AI's role in robotics, when to expect true general-purpose robots, the humanoid form factor, and more (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
Customizing Plots with Matplotlib
Real-time 6DoF full-range markerless head pose estimation
Google at NeurIPS 2023
Finally, a CLIP model you can focus wherever you want
Artificial Intelligence & Climate Change
[D] Doubts on the implementation of LSTMs for timeseries prediction (like including weather forecasts)
Technologies like artificial intelligence are changing our understanding of war
Using hierarchical generative models to enhance the motor control of autonomous robots
Everything of Thoughts: Defying the law of Penrose
Applications of Generative AI
[Discussion] Advantages of normalizing flow (if any) over GAN and VAE?
This AI can pick up passwords from the sound of your keystrokes
Python 3.11.7 is now available
Leveraging SuperDuperDB to Create a Simple De-duplication System Easily
Numeric encoding
Big Tech's Ability to Deliver on AI Profits Looms Over S&amp;P 500
[Self-Promotional] Inside Marker: A Guided Source Code Tour for an AI-powered PDF Layout Detection Engine
How Successful Data Scientists Land Tech Jobs in 2024   A 3-Step Winning Strategy to Job-Hunting
Data Altruism: The Digital Fuel for Corporate Engines
Botticelli framework: a chat bot development platform for .NET
Pushing the Limits of the Two-Tower Model
The possibility of regulation hangs on the horizon over generative AI
[P] I fine-tuned Llama to generate system diagrams for my codebase
A look at the Effective Accelerationism movement, which favors open-source AI tech and believes that AI's benefits outweigh its harms and shouldn't be regulated (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
Clustering on pyspark
Is HTML a Programming Language?
[D] What is a good way to maintain code readability and code quality while scaling up complexity in libraries like Hugging Face?
We now have more info on what Sam Altman did that was so bad he got fired from OpenAI
Customizing slides and documents using Quarto extensions workshop
Mistral, French A.I. Start-Up, Is Valued at $2 Billion in Funding Round
StripedHyena: A new architecture for next-generation generative AI?
Has anyone worked in government? How does it compare to private sector?
venv: Create Virtual Environments Easily in Python
Data Science Managers
'Squid Game' Star Sparks 69% Jump in Korean AI Advertising Stock
Lean Co-pilot Lets You Use LLMs as Copilots in Lean
Load Pokemon data into Postgres
UK launches initial review of ties between Microsoft and OpenAI
AI & Law: AI will find legal loopholes that ultimately spurs more laws
6 Killer Open-Source Libraries to Achieve AI Mastery before 2024
Using an LLM to automatically create a DSM for engineering project management
What are in your opinion the topics with the best cost/benefit (by cost I mean time dedicated) to advance your career as a DS, MLE or even SWE?
Vietnamese media reports Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang sees Vietnam as a potential second home for the Silicon Valley company and plans to open a design center there (Quynh Nguyen/Bloomberg)
Why the EU AI Act was so hard to agree on
Oracle's Symbiotic Connection with AMD and NVIDIA
Researchers from Johns Hopkins and UC Santa Cruz Unveil D-iGPT: A Groundbreaking Advance in Image-Based AI Learning
Sligo's LotusWorks is hiring 100 staff globally over the next 18 months
Meta AI Researchers Open-Source Pearl: A Production-Ready Reinforcement Learning AI Agent Library
Top 7 Noteworthy AI Innovations in Fashion in 2023
Mistral, France's OpenAI Rival, Closes  385 Million Round
ChatGPT Prompt Engineering: The Basics
Apache Pinot 1.0 Provides a Realtime Distributed OLAP datastore
Create a Quick Yet Elegant Demo of Your Incredible AI Application
Don't be fooled: Google faked its Gemini AI voice demo
Paris-based Mistral AI has raised &euro;385M, or about $415M, with investors including a16z and Lightspeed; sources: the deal values Mistral at about $2B (Cade Metz/New York Times)
OpenAI Hires Former X Head to Lead India Operations
Crafting Precision Content Using Large Language Models
Inside the EU's tentative deal on world-first AI regulation
EU agrees 'historic' rules to regulate AI
MIT group releases white papers on governance of AI
Nvidia Sees Vietnam as Potential Second Home, Reports Say
Researchers from Stanford University and FAIR Meta Unveil CHOIS: A Groundbreaking AI Method for Synthesizing Realistic 3D Human-Object Interactions Guided by Language
Google Launches New Multi-modal Gemini AI Model
The US needs an AI moonshot mentality, and in 2024 the government should galvanize support for a broad investment backed by strong public sector infrastructure (Wall Street Journal)
Top 8 Generative AI Created Ads in 2023
An SSD is  a must  for Final Fantasy XVI on PC, says game director
3 Simple Responsive Sidebar Designs In HTML CSS
Sam Altman says the one thing worse than getting fired from OpenAI was his dad's death
Meet Audiobox: A New Meta AI's Foundation Research Model for Audio Generation
How to evaluate a vector database
Evenbound named Jasper Solutions Partner
What is Support Vector Machine (SVM)?
6 Ways Ethical AI Took Centre Stage in 2023
Nvidia Data Center Tie-Up Boosts YTL Power to Record High
[D] Is there other better data format for LLM to generate structured data?
From Data Defiance to Cyber Resilience: The Winners of Shell's Cyber Threat Hackathon
SiMa.ai honored by the GSA with 2023 Startup to Watch Award
Road Segmentation using SegFormer
[D] Is Google Gemini the real deal or a publicity stunt?
Trust us, says EU, our AI Act will make AI trustworthy by banning the nasty ones
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/10/2023
Educational Transformer from scratch (no Autograd)
OneTrust helps companies prepare for EU AI Act
Mistral Has $415M in New Funding, a Big Valuation, and a New LLM to Challenge GPT-4
Google Unveils Cloud TPU v5p and AI Hypercomputer: A Leap in AI Processing Power
WriteMapper 4
News Content Aggregation Platform
Why OpenHermes-2.5 Is So Much Better Than GPT-4 And LLama2 13B   Here The Result
US Debates Data Policy to Avoid a 'Balkanized' Global Internet
Suckup software: How sycophancy threatens the future of AI
Comparing the Gemini-powered Bard and ChatGPT for factual retrieval, summarization, creative writing, coding, and more: ChatGPT performs better, but not by much (Kyle Orland/Ars Technica)
VERSES AI welcomes Peter Provost as VP of Product, Developer Platforms
Elon Musk wants OpenAI's Ilya Sutskever to come work with him again &mdash; this time at xAI
Generative AI is off to a rough start
MLOps- implementation in Python
[D] Self Studying for Active Inference?
Why we say GOODBYE to HELM
French AI start-up Mistral AI raises 385 mn euros
Musk Inc.: How the Tesla CEO Harnesses His Companies to Help Each Other
With regulation looming, Citrusx helps ensure AI models are in compliance
Microsoft, OpenAI Partnership Draws UK Antitrust Regulators' Eyes
ML Days in Tashkent   Day 2: Sprints and Sessions
Microsoft Agrees to Union Contract Terms Governing Its Use of AI
Generative AI now requires developers to stretch cross-functionally. Here's why
Google Play Trial Thrusts Android Empire Into Spotlight
Guest Post: Do We Still Need Vector Databases for RAG with OpenAI's Built-In Retrieval?
AWS chief Adam Selipsky talks generative AI, Amazon's investment in Anthropic and cloud cost cutting
Plotting 1,000,000 points on a webpage using only Python
Google's top-trending searches of 2023 include Hogwarts Legacy, ChatGPT, and a question about Romans
Using Big Data to Speed Up Japan's Slow Electric Car Transition
7 Hardware Devices for Edge Computing Projects
FLaNK Stack Weekly 11 Dec 2023
8 Research Papers Microsoft is Presenting at NeurIPS 2023
Microsoft partners with 60 unions representing 12.5M workers for  an open dialogue  on AI's impact on workers, and signs a ZeniMax staff contract on AI use (Jackie Davalos/Bloomberg)
NotebookLM, Google's AI-based note-taking service, is now available in the US
Will an AI-powered robocop keep New York's busiest subway station safe?
Mistral AI Releases OpenSource MoE Model
A firm providing AI drive-thru tech to fast food chains actually relies on human workers to take orders 70% of the time
Is ChatGPT or Google Bard Better? It's Very Complicated
Can the EU's plan to regulate AI keep up with rapidly evolving tech?
AI predicts age of newly discovered supernovae within milliseconds
TikTok loves ecommerce and VCs think Mistral AI will be fine (potential EU regulatory overhang or not)
AI    - 1.    OpenAI
[R] SparQ Attention: Bandwidth-Efficient LLM Inference
AI company reveals its drive-thru chatbot relies on human workers in the Philippines 70% of the time
The Battle of PR-Agents
AI start-up Mistral secures  385m to challenge OpenAI
NeurIPS 2023 highlights breadth of Microsoft's machine learning innovation
OSS-Instruct gives open-source LLMs a huge boost in coding
OpenAI's Soap Opera Collapse Bodes Ill for AI Benefiting Humanity
Mixtral 8x7B is currently the best open source LLM, says Mistral
Google's Gemini AI hints at the next great leap for the technology: analysing real-time information
How Do Schrodinger Bridges Beat Diffusion Models On Text-To-Speech (TTS) Synthesis?
Mistral AI, a Paris-based OpenAI rival, closed its $415 million funding round
Microsoft and Labor Unions Form 'Historic' Alliance on AI
Deploying A Metrics Aggregation Solution On AWS
Mistral AI raises $415 million and launches API service
The AI Bubble Will Burst: Here's How To Limit Your Exposure
A new model that allows robots to re-identify and follow human users
7 Pandas Plotting Functions for Quick Data Visualization
Sapphire Ventures On Its Billion-Dollar Commitment To AI
Gigabyte says its 49-inch QD-OLED gaming monitor uses AI to help prevent burn-in
AI code generation vs. coding by hand - what programming is going to look like in 202X
The Pipeline  Repos Showdown  : Python   Edition
Almost half of tech executives say their organizations aren't ready for AI or other advanced initiatives
ASML Dilemma: High-NA EUV Is Worse Low-NA EUV Multi-Patterning
Navigating the analytics frontier: Problem-centric thinking and the cognitive revolution
Three types of AI-assisted programmers
Back to Basics Bonus Week: Deploying to the Cloud
The Download: the EU AI Act is here, and preventing deadly cancer
Using A.I. to Talk to the Dead
Stanford Researchers Introduce the Anticipatory Music Transformer: A Groundbreaking AI Tool for Enhanced Creative Control in Music Composition
Google's Gemini continues the dangerous obfuscation of AI technology
3D Pose Estimation of Two Interacting Hands from a Monocular Event Camera
What were Ireland's most popular Google searches in 2023?
The AV industry sends an SOS to Pete Buttigieg
Versa Networks achieves Common Criteria EAL4+ Certification
MIT publishes white papers to guide AI governance
How to generate the highest quality AI images on Paperspace with Fooocus
Franz Releases the First Neuro-Symbolic AI Platform Merging Knowledge Graphs, Generative AI, and Vector Storage
How Real is the GPU Shortage?
AI for non-standard speech and inclusive GPS: Meet the impact startups using tech to tackle the disability divide
Axel Springer ends a deal to pre-install its Upday news aggregator on Samsung devices and plans to relaunch Upday in 2024 as an AI-driven  trend news generator  (Reuters)
Underline And Overline Menu Hover Effect | CSS Projects
Why AI Is the Swiss Army Knife of Tech
We Are Running Out of Low-Background Tokens (Nov 2023 Recap)
EU reaches provisional agreement on AI Act, paving way for landmark law
FTC wants Microsoft's relationship with OpenAI under the microscope
AI made from living human brain cells performs speech recognition
Andrew Hoffman joins Gather AI as CTO as company supercharges growth
Google's Project Ellman: Merging photo and search data to create digital twin chatbot
AI Image Generator Dropped by Computing Provider Over Nonconsensual Nude Pictures
Mistral AI Raises $415M and Releases New LLM as Free Torrent
The State of AI Security
Elon Musk Vows to Lobotomize His AI So It Stops Being Left Wing
Microsoft makes history by agreeing to union contract terms on AI use in the workplace
Java News Roundup: JDK 22 in Rampdown, JDK 23 Expert Group, Spring Cloud 2023.0, TornadoVM 1.0
Courage to Learn ML: Demystifying L1 & L2 Regularization (part 4)
Embracing the AI and Cybersecurity Evolution: Lessons from Tech Conferences
NVIDIA Research Shows Interactive Texture Painting with Gen AI at SIGGRAPH Asia Real-Time Live
8 Tools to Protect Sensitive Data from Unintended Leakage
YouTuber builds Google's staged Gemini demo in real-time with GPT-4 Vision
Enhancing Python Documentation: A Step-by-Step Guide to Linking Source Code
AI Consciousness Unfolded
Microsoft agrees to union contract terms involving the use of AI
AI + OSS
Elon Musk Trying to Poach Scientist Who Turned on Sam Altman
Dealroom: Nvidia is the most active large-scale investor in AI startups in 2023, excluding accelerator funds like YC, with 35 deals, almost 6x more than in 2022 (Financial Times)
Can LLMs Replace Data Analysts? Building An LLM-Powered Analyst
Mixtral of experts
Researchers give robots better tools to manage conflicts in dialogues
VS Code's Copilot 'AI Pair Programmer' Improves Chat UI, Explains Rust Code
Five things you need to know about the EU's new AI Act
Speak AI Transcription Software Review (December 2023)
The rapidly growing world of AI-generated Instagram influencers
Investing.com Accused of Using AI to Plagiarize Other Websites
10 industry leaders transforming business in 2023
Happy Holidays! Here is the complete 100% free, NLP and LLM Outline
Supabase Studio: AI Assistant and User Impersonation
Portable, non-invasive, mind-reading AI turns thoughts into text
An AI Chatbot Will Take Your Order at More Wendy's Drive-Thrus
The Rise of AI and 'Undressing Websites'
Microsoft, US labor group team up on AI
Google's Project Ellmann Shows Your Life in Photos
Build GenAI Apps Faster with New Foundation Model Capabilities
Armada, aiming to bring AI grade computing capability to remote places like oil rigs using Starlink, raised a $40M Series A; source: at a nearly $250M valuation (Alex Konrad/Forbes)
[P] LagrangeBench: A Lagrangian Fluid Mechanics Benchmarking Suite
Study: Customized GPT has security vulnerability
Research group releases white papers on governance of AI
EU agrees tough limits on police use of AI biometric surveillance
5 Key Takeaways from AI Summit NY 2023
Unlocking Decision-Making: AI Bridges Theoretical Frameworks with Technological Advancements
I'm 90% sure a lot of the jobs posted these days are fake
IBM assures AI-powered Cobol translator in Watsonx will not replace developers
Mixtral Round-up: MoE trade-offs, release lessons, Mistral raises $400mil, Google's loss, vibes vs marketing
Quoting Rob Lynch
EU says incoming rules for general purpose AIs can evolve over time
Microsoft Forms Alliance to Help Union Workers Stop Worrying and Learn to Love AI
An Industry in the Midst of a Frenzy: Which Firms Will Drive 2024's Generative AI Boom?
Automating Data Center Networks with NVIDIA NVUE and Ansible
5 Things to Consider When Bringing Speech AI Into Your Business
Tracking Python's Session Memory Using Tracemem
Nvidia contemplates Intel as potential manufacturing partner for GPU and AI chips
Google's Multimodal AI Gemini   A Technical Deep Dive
Relevant DEV Posts - an Updated Reading List (no developer must read this)
Database generated columns: GeoDjango & PostGIS
OpenAI Competitor Mistral AI Nabs $487M Round, Hitting $2B Valuation
Back to Human: AI's Journey from Code to Cuddles
MIT Generative AI Week fosters dialogue across disciplines
Last Week in AI #249: Alphabet unveils long-awaited Gemini AI model, E.U. reaches deal on landmark AI regulation bill, and more!
CodiumAI PR-Agent vs. GitHub Copilot: The Battle of the Pull Request AI Assistants.
Relevance AI's low-code platform enables businesses to build AI teams
I fact-checked ChatGPT with Bard, Claude, and Copilot - and this AI was the most confidently incorrect
How safe is ChatGPT?
As ChatGPT gets  lazy,  people test  winter break hypothesis  as the cause
Meta AI Introduces Relightable Gaussian Codec Avatars: An Artificial Intelligence Method to Build High-Fidelity Relightable Head Avatars that can be Animated to Generate Novel Expressions
Google proposes Project Ellmann, a chatbot that intimately knows you
femR: Bridging Physics and Statistics in R with Support from the R Consortium
Google Research Unveils Generative Infinite-Vocabulary Transformers (GIVT): Pioneering Real-Valued Vector Sequences in AI
Enhancing Machine Learning Reliability: How Atypicality Improves Model Performance and Uncertainty Quantification
How AWS Plans to Cope with GenAI's Insatiable Desire for Compute
Abstracts: December 11, 2023
Elon Musk's new AI bot, Grok, causes stir by citing OpenAI usage policy
Midjourney vs. Dall-E 2: AI Image Generators Comparison
Microsoft, Labor Unions and OpenAI | Bloomberg Technology
Creating Multi-View Optical Illusions with Machine Learning: Exploring Zero-Shot Methods for Dynamic Image Transformation
Calm's new sleep story is 'narrated' by Jimmy Stewart, and it's spookily effective
Happy Holidays! Here is your 100% free Large Language Model roadmap! [P]
Meta Scientist: How Large Language Models Work, AI Summit NY 2023
Sports Illustrated Publisher Fires CEO After AI Scandal
Microsoft partners with labor unions to shape and regulate AI
Weekly Top Picks #55
Ready to Upgrade? Rumors Suggest PlayStation 5 Pro Arriving Late in 2024
US Is Looking Into Nvidia's AI Chips for China, Raimondo Says
[R] How to read and understand Einops expressions?
[P] BioCLIP, a Vision Foundation Model for Biology
Google Chrome will soon let users build custom AI-generated themes, including US cities
Oracle Shares Plummet Over 9% Over Q2 Results
[D] Authors in NeurIPS and ICML and similar venues - How advanced is your mathematics background ?
What Happens at AWS' $100M Generative AI Innovation Center
Teaching AI to Play Board Games
Nations Pledge to Make AI 'Secure By Design.' Can They Go Beyond Nice Platitudes?
Elon Musk's Grok Copies OpenAI's ChatGPT
Closing the skills gap: How to build an AI strategy that works for your startup
Climbing the AI Application Value Ladder:
AI Startup Roundup: OpenAI Rival Mistral AI Set to Raise $485 Million
Sources: Chinese memory chipmaker Changxin is delaying its Shanghai IPO for a more favorable market and instead plans to raise funds at a ~$19.5B valuation (Dong Cao/Bloomberg)
Sam Altman Defends AI Thrust Days After Retaking OpenAI's Helm
OpenAI to Host its Developer Conference in Bengaluru in January
Image Segmentation Techniques in Computer Vision
Meta/Threads Interoperating in the Fediverse Data Dialogue Meeting yesterday
Mistral shocks AI community as latest open source model eclipses GPT-3.5 performance
Anthropic leads charge against AI bias and discrimination with new research
Cathie Wood Boosts Stake in Microsoft, Facebook in AI Push
Will European AI regulation crush its hottest AI startups?
Given the modern barriers to entry, is an MS at CS at age 36 a very dumb idea? My friend says so...
The CEO of Nvidia says the chipmaker is looking to Vietnam as its 'second homeland': report
AI companion robot helps some seniors fight loneliness, but others hate it
In his first public appearance since returning to OpenAI, Sam Altman says AI is  going to lift the world up , and you cannot build AI  safely in a vacuum  (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Diff-in-Means Concept Editing is Worst-Case Optimal
Best Data Wrangling Functions in PySpark
Sequoia, Index Back German Supply Chain AI Startup Tacto
Meta unveils Audiobox, an AI that clones voices and generates ambient sounds
JetBrains ships AI Assistant for JetBrains IDEs
Top 13 Highest Paying AI Companies for Researchers
Streaming in Data Engineering
Pika Labs Looks Like Midjourney for Video, and it Just Raised $55M
Arena Group fires CEO in wake of Sports Illustrated AI articles scandal
China's WeRide tests autonomous buses in Singapore, accelerates global ambition
What Gemini means for the GenAI boom
A spectral device using Generative AI could detect bad microbes in food factories in real time
Racing game... using AI? Here you go!
FREE AI WEBINAR: 'LLMs in Banking: Building Predictive Analytics for Loan Approvals' [Dec 13, 10 am PST]
[P] How safe is ChatGPT?
Trick for hiring managers to reduce the spam applicants: don't use the job title  Data Scientist?
CoRover Partners with Google Cloud to Launch Gen-AI Bot BharatGPT
Netflix's Blue Eye Samurai is coming back for a second season
AI Dave Ramsey on getting out of debt. (Voice cloning and lip sync)
Revolutionizing Pull Request Collaboration: CodiumAI PR-Agent VS GitHub Copilot For Pull Requests
Boffins fool AI chatbot into revealing harmful content   with 98 percent success rate
Two more publishers caught publishing AI articles
Google DeepMind Researchers Propose Chain of Code (CoC): A Simple Yet Surprisingly Effective Extension that Improves Language Model (LM) Code-Driven Reasoning
Apple MLX
How to design an MLOps architecture in AWS?
Yiftach Shoolman's Data Alchemy With Redis 7.2
Researchers from UCLA and CMU Introduce Stormer: A Scalable Transformer Neural Networks for Skillful and Reliable Medium-Range Weather Forecasting
Buzzy Startup Just Dumps AI Model That Beats GPT-3.5 Into a Torrent Link
Elastic names Mark Dodds Chief Revenue Officer
Marissa Mayer wants to embrace the AI race and risks &mdash; in the right way
Shifting Through the Ashes: Unraveling the Secrets of Gemini AI
How to use DALL-E 2 to turn your ideas into AI-generated art
Unique Ironman button using html css
How Generative AI Will Disrupt Business Operations
Top 7 Vision Models Transforming the Future of AI in 2023
As long as AMD can offer better GPUs than Intel, and better CPUs than Nvidia, they can have a seat at the table
StartupTools.ai
AI chatbot fooled into revealing harmful content with 98 percent success rate
Emmanuel Macron warns the EU's AI Act risks hampering tech companies compared to US, UK, and China rivals, and says France is  neck and neck with the British  (Financial Times)
Beyond Buzzwords: Glasswing AI palette guides startups navigating AI's diverse terrain
Nvidia GPU Dominance at a Crossroads
Viewers mock Elon Musk for being 'triggered' over a scene featuring hacked Teslas in Netflix's 'Leave the World Behind' movie
Gina Raimondo says Nvidia  can, will, and should  sell commercial AI chips to China, but not advanced AI chips, and spoke to Jensen Huang about the US rules (David Shepardson/Reuters)
Setting up Amazon Q in VSCode using IAM Identity Centre
6 Outstanding Papers Presented at NeurIPS 2023
Meta AI Announces Purple Llama to Assist the Community in Building Ethically with Open and Generative AI Models
Nvidia's Drumming Up More AI Business With a Tour of Asian Leaders
TD SYNNEX launches AI Enablement Journey for Microsoft 365 Copilot
Chip-company boss says the idea of humans losing control of AI keeps him up at night
Open-Source LLM360 Unveiled by Cerebras Systems, Petuum and MBZUAI
[R] UniRepLKNet: Large-Kernel CNN Unifies Multi Modalities, ImageNet 88%, SOTA in Global Weather Forecasting
Mistral AI Challenges Dominance of OpenAI, Google & Meta
I asked ChatGPT and Google's Gemini to answer 10 questions. Gemini has an edge on current events &mdash; but makes mistakes.
Making sense of genAI pricing in office apps
Lights, Camera, Action! Womenpreneur Duo Reinvent Text-to-Video AI
Essential AI Comes Out of Stealth With $57 Million in Funding
How ConductorOne's Copilot Improves Identity Governance with AI
Nvidia leaps into AI investments, becoming the most active large-scale investor in the field
Edge 351: A Summary of Our Series About Fine-Tuning in Foundation Models
Can an A.I. Van Gogh Help Museums Generate New Interest?
[R] A Survey of Progress on Cooperative Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning in Open Environment
Stability AI's plan to counter AI's Silicon Valley's bias
Munich-based Tacto, which uses AI to help companies optimize their supply chains and cut costs by ~10%, raised &euro;50M led by Sequoia and Index Ventures (Aggi Cantrill/Bloomberg)
Microsoft strikes AI deal with largest US union group
Manufacturers Slow to Adopt AI, report finds
Trailer for a short films program called Mashup CinemAI. Generative AI creations, one of the film creation of tomorrow. Online screening for free during the Mashup Film Festival until December 15!
Can  Discover  Become the New Essential Skill?
Mind-reading AI can translate brainwaves into written text
[R] Gated Linear Attention Transformers with Hardware-Efficient Training
Latest in Pharma AI: GPTs, EU Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS), Med-PaLM2, and ClinicalGPT
Heard on the Street   12/12/2023
A cost-efficient and event-driven BigQuery loading for Intermediate Data Engineers
Australian SMEs at Risk of Being Left Behind on AI
Meet NexusRaven-V2: A 13B LLM Outperforming GPT-4 in Zero-Shot Function Calling and has the Capability to Turn Natural Language Instructions into Executable Code
How Johnson & Johnson uses Generative AI to Address Biases in Health care
PlayStation 5 Pro rumors indicate RDNA 3 graphics with up to 60 compute units
AnswerRocket Launches Custom Enterprise Generative AI Copilot Platform
Study shows that large language models can strategically deceive users when under pressure
AGI at Amazon & Building AI Content in the Digital Media Space
Delivering cost-effective data in real time with dbt and Databricks
Phi-2: The surprising power of small language models
KissanAI Unveils Dhenu 1.0 LLM for India's Agricultural Challenges
Mistral AI: (8x7b) Releases First Ever Opensource Model Of Experts (MoE) Model
GPT-3 Sized Models in 565 Lines of Code
Durable cements $14M to build bots and other AI tools for small businesses in service industries
FedEx's CTO on Digital Transformation
These Fully Automated Deep Learning Models Can Be Used For Pain Prediction Using The Feline Grimace Scale (FGS) With Smartphone Integration
Dynatrace: Organisations embrace AI, yet face challenges
This AI Paper Introduces MVControl: A Neural Network Architecture Revolutionizing Controllable Multi-View Image Generation and 3D Content Creation
Trends & Insights: How Will the AI Market Evolve in 2024?
Don't Make the Same Mistake I Have Made in a Machine Learning Project!
Rise of ChatGPT in Sales
Humane selects Optiva BSS for Launch of New Ai Pin
How HelloFresh Uses AI & Data
What we Know About Mixtral 8x7B: Mistral New Open Source LLM
How AI Helps Manage Supply Chains at Este Lauder
UK judges get green light to use ChatGPT to help write legal rulings despite risk of it citing fake cases
Microsoft's Orca 2 LLM Outperforms Models That Are 10x Larger
Introduction to Google's Most Powerful Multimodal Model Gemini, From a Technical Perspective
Apple Releases Photo Journal App and Spatial Video Support in iOS Update
You don't know communication
Next-gen racing: Take to the Skies with Drone Racing
Some AI Startups Find the Money's No Longer So Easy
How AI Has Evolved at Mastercard
What is AMD's AI Strategy for India?
The Download: Yahoo's misdeeds in China, and AI Act takeaways
Strategies for Optimizing Performance and Costs When Using Large Language Models in the Cloud
RapidAI named to the 2023 CB Insights' Digital Health 50 List
Sports Illustrated publisher fires its CEO following scandal over AI-generated articles
How this startup battles water waste with leak-detection algorithms
Machine learning is set to speed up the detection of contamination in food factories
The EU AI Act passed, but Mistral parties on | The AI Beat
Wells Fargo CIO on the Early Days of Quantum Computing
Steering at the Frontier: Extending the Power of Prompting
Outfit Anyone + Animate Anyone
AIAInow | What still needs to happen in computer vision? | December 20, 2023
Automotive will drive demand for semiconductor chips but AI is coming on fast | KPMG
Arm CEO says his fear that humans could lose control over AI keeps him up at night
This AI newsletter is all you need #77
5 Tools to Help Build Your LLM Apps
What Separates the AI Winners and Losers; The General Catalyst-Backed Startup Taking On Databricks
Evolution in ETL: How Skipping Transformation Enhances Data Management
Laredo wants to use gen AI to automate dev work
Strategies for building AI tools people will actually use at work
AI 'Belongs at Every Component' of the Energy Value Chain
Fuzzy Door's Viewscreen on-set AR puts CG characters and locations in the viewfinder
How to Simply Generate a PDF From HTML in Symfony With WeasyPrint
Celebrus announces name change & enhancements in Realm of AI & ML
LWiAI Podcast #146 - ChatGPT's 1 year anniversary, DeepMind GNoME, Extraction of Training Data from LLMs, AnyDream
[P] Benchmark CV Training Pipelines in Less than 3 Minutes
AI's Environmental Impact: Balancing Technological Advancements with Sustainability
[D] I implemented 10+ LLM evaluation metrics so you don't have to
Upcoming Galaxy Buds to get AI features to take on Pixel Buds
AI Adoption in Marketing and Manufacturing Sectors
Exploring AI in Agriculture: New Deep Learning Model for Plant Disease and Pest Detection [R]
A US GAO review of nearly 24 agencies' AI usage catalogs 200+ current applications and 500+ planned uses of AI and ML, despite the lack of government guidance (CNN)
Stronger, Better: AI and the Discovery of New Materials
Google's Gemini AI hints at the next great leap for the technology: Analyzing real-time information
Brain tissue on a chip achieves voice recognition
Artificial intelligence systems found to excel at imitation, but not innovation
Tech CEOs Freaked Out About Sam Altman's Firing in a Giant Group Chat
Snapchat+ subscribers can now make and send AI generated images based on a text prompt and add pictures of friends into Dream, its generative AI selfie feature (Aisha Malik/TechCrunch)
Cohere Enables Enterprises to Connect Third-Party Datastores to Command
Geometrical Interpretation of Linear Regression in Machine Learning versus Classical Statistics
Snapchat+ subscribers can now create and send AI-generated images
AI study creates faster and more reliable software
Output's AI-powered software automatically generates music sample packs from text prompts
[D] More complex RAG LLM bot pipeline
'Computer says no': more employers are using AI to recruit, increasing the risk of discrimination
AI as good as doctors at checking X-rays - study. Artificial intelligence software, X-Raydar, accurately diagnosed medical conditions using X-rays in a study by the University of Warwick and King's College London.
#NeurIPS2023 outstanding papers
Judges Given the OK to Use ChatGPT in Legal Rulings
Publish or perish: 'extremely productive' researchers quadruple
This AI Paper from Imperial College London and Eleuther AI Explores Role Play as a Framework for Understanding Dialogue-Agent Behavior
Next-Generation Seismic Monitoring with Neural Operators
What is Machine Learning?
ChatGPT achieves the pinnacle of human intelligence, laziness, and developers are baffled
UC Berkeley Researchers Introduce LLMCompiler: An LLM Compiler that Optimizes the Parallel Function Calling Performance of LLMs
How GenAI can turn an autobiography into an interactive Black history lesson
Benchmarking Quantum Computing Applications with BMW Group and NVIDIA cuQuantum
Snapchat+ Users Rise to Seven Million in Sign of Demand for Its New AI Features
Microsoft sets precedent, partnering with union to develop AI policy
Python to Rust: Breaking Down 3 Big Obstacles!
Reliance Forms JV with Canada's Brookfield Infrastructure for Indian Data Centres
A computer scientist pushes the boundaries of geometry
Concept Sliders: Precise Control in Diffusion Models with LoRA Adaptors
How Opera's AI bot beats Google at its own game
Ride the Hype: AI Events in Bay Area
Don't diss the pigeons: How nature's algorithm rivals AI
Get Lit: 5 Steps to Building your Organization's Data Literacy as you Prep for AI
Driving in the AI Era: Will Fear of AI Change Cost Lives?
AI-Powered Encryption: A New Era in Cybersecurity
How to use Apple's new Journal app with the iOS 17.2 update
Large Language Models, MirrorBERT   Transforming Models into Universal Lexical and Sentence.
How Deutsche Bank Sources the Best AI Models
Artificial intelligence for safer bike helmets and better shoe soles
Public cloud service revenue jumps 19%, with Microsoft leading overall: IDC
Former Google CEO Warns Current AI Guardrails Aren't Enough
3 Ways Generative AI Is Revolutionizing Workforce Management
How to use DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT
EU's AI Act: Europe's New Rules for Artificial Intelligence
Deadmau5-founded startup Korus taps into AI for music creation
Crafting an AI Mixologist Using Semantic Kernel
GPT-4's Prompting Effectiveness: Comparing Dash, Panel & Streamlit
Lakehouse Monitoring: A Unified Solution for Quality of Data and AI
ByteDance Researchers Introduce 'ImageDream': An Innovative Image-Prompt and Multi-View Diffusion Model for 3D Object Generation
Guidance on evaluating a privacy protection technique for the AI era
Techolution, Farm Mutual Re Win AIconics Awards, AI Summit NY 2023
PyTorch Introduction   Building your First Linear Model
The UK Judicial Office issues guidance letting judges use AI tools like ChatGPT to perform tasks like writing legal rulings but warns of the tech's shortcomings (Thomas Germain/Gizmodo)
Webinar: Use of R in Japan's Pharma Industry
US Copyright Office Rejects AI Image That Blends Real Photo and Van Gogh
Succeed on LinkedIn with 2020 and 2021 top voice Greg Coquillo
Microsoft Training AI to Do Paperwork to Build Nuclear Power Plants
NeurIPS 2023: These are the top papers and award winners at the largest AI conference
Why The New Stack Won't Give You AI-Written Articles
Microsoft puts GPT-4 ahead of Gemini Ultra again, using Google's own tricks
Towards LangChain 0.1: LangChain-Core and LangChain-Community
Automating Unstructured Text Parsing into JSON with Azure OpenAI and Power Automate
Parsing Text with Azure OpenAI in Power Automate
Microsoft debuts Phi-2, an AI language model it says can outperform Llama 2 and Mistral at 7B and 13B parameters and is small enough to run on a smartphone (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Voice AI Startup Tenyx Solves LLM 'Catastrophic Forgetting' During Fine-Tuning
Meta's AI for Ray-Ban smart glasses can identify objects and translate languages
Everybody's talking about Mistral, an upstart French challenger to OpenAI
The Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses are getting AI-powered visual search features
Coin Cloud, a Bitcoin ATM company that filed for bankruptcy in February 2023, was allegedly hacked, and a source says the company lacked a security team (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Why Productivity Gains in Gen AI Starts with Responsible Development
Mistral AI Unveils Breakthrough in Language Models with MoE 8x7B Release
Ted Cruz wants to stop the FCC from updating data-breach notification rules
A U.S. Politician Is Robocalling Voters With an AI Chatbot Named 'Ashley'
Sports Illustrated boss fired, but it's nothing to do with AI fake news - quite the opposite
What actually are the most popular AI tools?
This AI Paper Unveils HiFi4G: A Breakthrough in Photo-Real Human Modeling and Efficient Rendering
The US DOE opens The Office of Critical and Emerging Technology to coordinate the use of AI and other tech to fight climate change, prevent pandemics, and more (Tim McDonnell/Semafor)
Bizarre Theory Claims ChatGPT Is Suffering From Seasonal Depression
Meta rolls out multimodal AI to Meta Ray-Ban smart glasses as an early access test in the US, enabling the device to analyze photos taken with its camera (Scott Stein/CNET)
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Sets Quantitative Financial HPC Calculations Record with NVIDIA GPUs
OpenAI's non-profit arm netted less than $45,000 last year
AI is just as good as a doctor at analyzing chest X-rays
Netflix's first engagement report reveals its most popular shows and movies
Ex-Qualcomm Executives Bet on Automotive AI in Canada SPAC Deal
[D] What is the state of Neural ODEs?
Nine Rules for SIMD Acceleration of Your Rust Code (Part 1)
ASML, Samsung to Invest $760 Million on Research Plant in South Korea
GenAI Hype Bubble Refuses to Pop
Essential AI reveals funding, development of full-stack AI automation tools
Abstracts: December 12, 2023
Tiny biobots surprise their creators by healing wound
Anyone get offered a really low salary lately? I'm shocked at how stingy companies are now
Implementing LoRA from Scratch
Snapchat now lets subscribers share AI-generated snaps
Hand Caught In The Cookie Jar: How GPT4 Sold Me My Own Fake News
Green Rebel to create 75 jobs for Limerick and Cork
Storytelling app i made for my niece. Im running it with Nextjs, Dalle3, Whisper, GPT4 and a mountain of json :) (sped up for brevity)
Red Samurai (Share similar prompts)
Indian Startup Sarvam AI Launches Hindi LLM, OpenHathi
Now AI Can Help Fight Human Trafficking
Tesla Optimus Just Got Brand New Hands, Speed Boost
Meet EAGLE: A New Machine Learning Method for Fast LLM Decoding based on Compression
Beam Search: the Most Used Algorithm in Sequence Models
Intro to Python's  Lock  w/ Flask
Mastering Concurrency in Flask with Python's Lock
Ampere: Disney+ and Hulu combined would have more popular titles in the US than any other service and its catalog size would rank second only to Prime Video (Georg Szalai/The Hollywood Reporter)
Relational Algebra Is the Root of SQL Problems
Does Bagging Help to Prevent Overfitting in Decision Trees?
Harness the power of multiple LLMs
Evaluating RAG Applications with RAGAs
This AI Paper Unveils HyperDreamer: An Advancement in 3D Content Creation with Advanced Texturing, 360-Degree Modeling, and Interactive Editing
DS to MLE/SWE with no CS degree
This AI Paper Reveals the Cybersecurity Implications of Generative AI Models   Risks, Opportunities, and Ethical Challenges
ASML and Samsung plan to jointly spend ~$760M to build a research plant in South Korea using ASML's next-generation extreme ultraviolet equipment technology (Cagan Koc/Bloomberg)
Fine-tune Better Chat Models with Distilled Identity Preference Optimization (IPO)
Legal AI Startup Harvey Valued at $700 Million in Kleiner Co-Led Round
How long did it take you to get the hang of some of the  soft skills  of the job and do you have any advice for getting better at those?
Midjourney launches alpha version for AI image generation on the web
China's New Autonomous Vehicle Regulation, Microsoft's AI Pledge for Shanghai, and AI Deciphers 'Interstellar' After Viewing
'The end is coming for dirty energy': Countries strike historic deal on fossil fuels in Dubai
Meta just gave its $299 smart glasses their biggest AI upgrade yet, and I'm beyond excited
Tencent's FaceStudio Redefines Image Generation with Identity-Preserving Efficiency in Seconds
Hyperplane wants to bring AI to banks
Microsoft's New Phi-2 Small LLM Shows Strong Benchmark Performance
How often do you resort back to the language you're most comfortable with?
Snapchat+ subscribers can now use AI to generate or extend images within the app
[D]Best courses / tutorials on open-source LLM finetuning
South Korea's President Visits ASML to Strengthen Tech Ties
Tenyx aims to fix LLMs' catastrophic forgetting problem
Earth Isn't Flat, and Neither Should Your Voronoi Diagrams Be
Former French Official Pushes for Looser AI Rules After Joining Startup
Navigating Risk and Volatility: Understanding Standard Deviation and Variance
Closing the design-to-manufacturing gap for optical devices
Revolutionizing Language Barriers: Mastering Multilingual Audio Transcription and Semantic Search
[R] Supervised structure learning
Savant Labs and Data Prep U announced partnership
Prediction of chronic kidney disease progression using recurrent neural network and electronic health records
Practice Better adds an AI Charting Assistant
The New York Times hires Quartz co-founder to lead AI initiatives in news production
Microsoft Releases Phi-2, Outperforms Gemini Nano, Mistral 7B, and Llama 2 Models
Segment Anything 3D for Point Clouds: Complete Guide (SAM 3D)
Meta begins testing a GPT-4V rival multimodal AI in Ray Ban smart glasses
3 Python Operations for Solving Specific Data Processing Tasks Efficiently
Researchers at Stanford University Introduce a Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework Aimed at Enhancing the Interpretability and Generative Capabilities of Current Models for Varied Visual Concepts
Why Prompt Engineering Won't Be A Thing
Microsoft releases Phi-2, a small language model AI that outperforms Llama 2, Mistral 7B
Deep Learning - Textbook
Google Gemini Pro is Coming to Businesses and Developers
Solving Autocorrelation Problems in General Linear Model on a Real-World Application
Snezhana is Bringing Tech into Fashion and Films the Perfect Way
AI Model for Hindi Speakers Outshines GPT 3.5T in Translations
Adobe Signals AI Will Take Longer Than Expected to Boost Results
[D] What happened after BERT and transformers in NLP?
Web scraping with cURL (fetching RAW HTML data)
Deep neural networks show promise as models of human hearing
[D] Gradient accumulation leads to different results compared to regular gradient steps
Microsoft AI Releases LLMLingua: A Unique Quick Compression Technique that Compresses Prompts for Accelerated Inference of Large Language Models (LLMs)
China mulls legality of AI-generated voice used in audiobooks
Microsoft Research Debuts Phi-2, New Small Language Model
Essential AI Raises $56.5 Million in Series A Funding
Impact of AI on Jobs in the UK: 10-30% of Jobs Could be Automated with AI
Turing test on steroids: Chatbot Arena crowdsources ratings for 45 AI models
Achieving Top Inference Performance with the NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU and NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM
Meet LLM360: The First Fully Open-Source and Transparent Large Language Models (LLMs)
Google announces Gemini Pro for enterprises, letting developers build apps, available for free at launch with limits, and adds Pro to AI Studio and Vertex AI (Davey Alba/Bloomberg)
Dropbox spooks users by sending data to OpenAI for AI search features
Grammarly's AI writing help comes to your iPhone. Here's how to use it today
Cassandra is the  best f*cking database for Gen AI,  says DataStax CEO
How to Survive as a Human Creator in the AI Era
Secure Your Open Source AI: Meta Launches 'Purple Llama'
Is AlphaCode 2 a Q* Moment for Google?
Three MIT students selected as inaugural MIT-Pillar AI Collective Fellows
Women may pay a 'mom penalty' when AI is used in hiring, research suggests
The Drucker Institute's Management Top 250 shows tech remains at the top; Microsoft was first for the fourth year, followed by Apple, Nvidia, Alphabet, and IBM (Tom Corrigan/Wall Street Journal)
Introduction to Nixtla for Demand Forecasting.
AI-Powered Microdisplay Adapts to Users' Eyesight
How to Improve Your ChatGPT Outputs Using Configuration Parameters
Braintrust Data wants to make enterprise AI better with faster evaluations
ChatGPT Plus: OpenAI accepts new subscribers
Internet traffic soars in 2023, with generative AI a standout trend: Report
The promise and peril of AI at work in 2024, according to Deloitte's Tech Trends report
Google Researchers Unveil a Novel Single-Run Approach for Auditing Differentially Private Machine Learning Systems
Google Offers Enhanced Generative AI Features for Cloud Customers
Four Mila student awarded the Professor Cho Diversity Scholarship
BERTopic: What Is So Special About v0.16?
[D] What is your most and least favorite thing about Jupyter notebooks?
OpenAI will pay to train its models on Business Insider and Politico articles
Circular liquid loader using html css
AI can already diagnose depression better than a doctor and tell you which treatment is best
Analyzing Netflix viewership data with ChatGPT
What type of DS are you: Balance-Seekers or Data Hoarders?
Midjourney Alpha is here with AI image generations on the web
Linux Foundation advances open source vision with Generative AI Commons
Reader Survey: IPOs? Layoffs? More AI? Tell Us What You See Coming In 2024
AI startup Braintrust helps developers evaluate and enhance their AI products. The team just raised a $5.1 million seed round from Greylock.
Cheating Fears Over Chatbots Were Overblown, New Research Suggests
Google's new AI tool 'MusicFX' composes music with just a few words
Axel Springer and OpenAI form content partnership for ChatGPT news and AI training
Nobody's Safe from LLM Prompt Injection
Once is enough: Helping robots learn quickly in new environments
Google Deepmind unveils its most advanced AI image generator, Imagen 2
Understanding attention in large language models
CSS Cake Animation
OpenAI Partners with Axel Springer, Enriching ChatGPT with POLITICO and BUSINESS INSIDER Content
Recap: What's Next for Media in 2024
OpenAI inks deal with Axel Springer on licensing news for model training
Let's attempt to decode Google's confusing new location data settings
Microsoft, OpenAI's biggest stan, shows off its own smaller AI models that could rival ChatGPT
Meet ClimSim: A Groundbreaking Multi-Scale Climate Simulation Dataset for Merging Machine Learning and Physics in Climate Research
AI Renaissance: Fueling Job Growth in the Digital Age
Startup Founded Ex-Google Search Team Nears $2 Billion Valuation
UC Berkeley Unveils an Open LLM Starling-7B Trained Using Reinforcement Learning from AI Feedback
Fourteen Big Data Predictions for 2024
Like Microsoft, Google can't stop its cloud from pouring AI all over your heads
New R/Insurance Webinar Series: The Journey from Excel to High-Performance Programming in R
Humana also using AI tool with 90% error rate to deny care, lawsuit claims
Envestnet Explores Sale of Data Aggregator Yodlee
ChatGPT to summarize Politico and Business Insider articles in 'first of its kind' deal
Google Adds Gemini Pro API to AI Studio and Vertex AI
[D] What are 2023's top innovations in ML/AI outside of LLM stuff?
Companies will soon be able to build internal search engines &mdash; with no coding needed &mdash; using Google Gemini AI
Copy and paste: New AI tool helps computers interpret the world
Google announces MedLM, a family of AI models fine-tuned for the medical industries and based on Med-PaLM 2, available to Google Cloud customers in the US (Ashley Capoot/CNBC)
OpenAI launches second Converge startup cohort
Cruise leaders booted following initial safety probe into robotaxi incident
Stable Diffusion: The Ultimate Upscaler Guide
OpenAI Reports Major ChatGPT Outage on Web
TubeOnAI
Using ChatGPT To Translate React App into Over 40 Languages in Just 100 Seconds
Instagram introduces gen-AI powered background editing tool
This AI Paper Unveils 'Vary': A Novel Approach to Expand Vision Vocabulary in Large Vision-Language Models for Advanced Multilingual Perception Tasks
If you were to get a Masters, would you do it part-time for 3Y and work full time? Or would you dedicate 1-1.5 years and finish it quickly. Why?
Adobe Wants to Redefine User Experience With 'Spectrum 2' in 2024
How much harder is it to do ML for video compared to text/images? [D]
I took the AMD plunge!
Free Online Courses
The AI Tutor: Friend or Foe in the Pursuit of Knowledge?
Berlin climate startup ecoworks is using a high tech blend to decarbonize buildings
Ireland's weather services are getting boosted with AI
OpenAI Launches Converge 2 for Funding AI Companies
This AI Paper Introduces Advanced Techniques for Detailed Textual and Visual Explanations in Image-Text Alignment Models
Pixel Art Tips for Stable Diffusion
Deep learning-based phenotyping reclassifies combined hepatocellular-cholangiocarcinoma
Google launches Imagen 2, better than DALL.E 2
Final Year Project, Lungs Cancer Detection Project using machine learning
Researchers from Indiana University Unveil 'Brainoware': A Cutting-Edge Artificial Intelligence Technology Inspired by Brain Organoids and Silicon Chips
Wikipedia Article Crawler & Clustering: Text Classification with Spacy
Your robotaxi ride in China is monitored   with video and audio recordings
After an on-by-default AI toggle caused confusion, Dropbox says user data is only shared with OpenAI if the AI-powered search feature is actively being used (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
A Stanford survey of 40+ US high schools finds ChatGPT didn't increase cheating rates in 2023 versus prior years, suggesting the alarm may have been overblown (Natasha Singer/New York Times)
The (Long) Tail Wags the Dog: The Unforeseen Consequences of AI's Personalized Art
OpenAI Strikes ChatGPT Content Deal with Axel Springer, Publisher of Politico, Insider, and BILD
Researchers from Google AI and the University of Central Florida Released the Open-Source Virtual Avatar Library for Inclusion and Diversity (VALID)
6 Uber-Cool Smart Glass Launches by Big Tech Companies
The AI industry is on the verge of becoming another boys' club. We're all going to lose out if it does
What's up with the data scientist/statistician job market?
Why Data Projects Fail to Deliver Real-Life Impact: 5 Critical Elements to Watch Out for as an.
Top 8 Papers by Meta AI
Benchmarks are a Waste of Time
Generative AI Frameworks and Tools Every Developer Should Know!
How to save Opera Aria chats for later viewing with Pinboards
The two words that pushed international climate talks into overtime
Graph Neural Networks: Fundamentals, Implementation, and Practical Uses
How to build a Google Meet AI assistant app in 10 minutes without coding
Delphina Raises $7.5 Million to Build Copilot for Data Science
Google launches Gemini Pro API access
OpenPose ControlNet: A Beginner's Guide
MessengerX.io
Grindr Will Add an AI Wingman to Its Dating App
Google brings Gemini Pro to developers to challenge ChatGPT
OpenAI teams up with Politico parent on AI news content
Pro-China YouTube Network Used A.I. To Malign U.S., Report Finds
Build with Google Gemini using Weaviate's Native Integration
Instagram launches a generative AI background editing tool in the US, letting users change the background for their Stories based on prompts (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
Dropbox's new AI features share your files with OpenAI
5 Free University Courses to Learn Python
CalmWave launches on AWS Marketplace
Edge 352: Inside the Embeddings Architecture Powering Job Recommendations at LinkedIn
Instagram now offers AI-generated backgrounds on Stories
Alphabet Needs to Show Path to AI Sales in Race with Microsoft
11 AI Influencers to Follow on Instagram in 2024
Deciphering the AI Act
ChatGPT users say the bot is getting lazy and sassy. One theory says it may just be wrapping up for the holidays
Midjourney Set to Move From Discord to Standalone Website
How To Keep AI From Stealing the Sound of Your Voice
Gemini Pro Now Available as API
H&R Block launches AI tax filing assistant
2023: The year we played with artificial intelligence and weren't sure what to do about it
LangChain Integrates Gemini Pro API, Enables Multimodal Capabilities
5 ways that tech could change the HR sector in 2024
Deci AI Introduces DeciLM-7B: A Super Fast and Super Accurate 7 Billion-Parameter Large Language Model (LLM)
This AI Paper Explores Deep Learning Solutions to Autoregressive Error in Neural Operators for Advanced Spatiotemporal Forecasting
Featureform raises $5.5MM seed funding
The Download: what we learned from COP28, and an advance for household robots
Farewell GTX 16 series: Nvidia to end all production of its budget line
Automated Roblox Limited Items Sniping with Python: Introducing AMP UGC Sniper
Copado expands Beta Access to CopadoGPT for All Customers
Crusoe announces data center expansion with atNorth in Iceland
Learn to Code This Holiday Season With These Best-Selling Courses
Eye On AI: Big Tech Continues To Invest In AI Startups, But For How Long?
How LinkedIn Levels up Your Skillset . with AI
Is Dropbox sending user data to OpenAI? There is an opt out!
World ID 2.0 is the Solution for a lot of Deep Fake Scams
Top 30 AI Influeners to Follow on X in 2023
Xalient acquires Grabowsky
Scaling Laws for AI: A Chat with MIT's Neil Thompson
Microsoft Explores Using Liquids to Cool AI Chips
REPORT: The C-suite Weighs in on Gen AI
Scanned Invoice Processing with the Large Language Model
Why OpenAI Partnered With Axel Springer
Optimus Gen 2: Tesla's robot can now take care of your eggs
Instagram Now Lets Users Make AI-Generated Backgrounds For Stories
AI is a Double-Edged Sword for Climate Change
Datalogz raises $5M to deal with your business intelligence sprawl
TMX Group expands data-driven analytics and indexing solutions through $848 million VettaFi acquisition
DNSFilter adds Comprehensive Protection against Generative AI
Top 5 AI Video Generating Tools that Made Production Seamless in 2023
How to Create SRT Files for Videos in Python
ChatGPT's privacy policy feels super sketchy. Any alternatives with better policies?
Unlocking SAP BusinessObjects Data: A Comprehensive Guide to Retrieving Documents with Python
[D] What do you guys think of schmidhuber's new blog post, would like to know everyone's opinion.
Building A Cross-Platform TFIDF Text Summarizer In Rust
GM's Cruise Cuts About 25 Percent of Its Workers
Salesforce's Einstein Copilot AI Will Soon Analyze Unstructured Data
GM's Cruise cleans house, fires 9 executives,&nbsp;and lays off hundreds of staff
Conflicted on DS offer
Visionary.ai Claims it 'Surpasses Human Vision' in Mobile Imaging
Large Language Models and Vector Databases for News Recommendations
Spotify is testing AI-generated playlists
Massive Layoffs Hit Troubled Robotaxi Developer Cruise
Intel Unveils Server and PC Chips in Push to Join AI Gold Rush
The future of AI: The 5 possible scenarios, from utopia to extinction
Grimes Enters the AI Race With a Baby Grok Doll
OpenAI Demos a Control Method for Superintelligent AI
AI in the Music Industry: How Will It Shape the Music Metaverse and Sounds of the Future?
CSSOM   Modelo de Objeto CSS
LinkedIn's Skills Graph: Paving the Way for the Skills-First Economy with AI and Ontology
Tesla's recall of 2 million vehicles reminds us how far driverless car AI still has to go
Intel Releases 5th Gen Xeon Processors
Nvidia RTX 4000 Super GPUs could launch in January, starting with the RTX 4070 Super
Google DeepMind used its FunSearch model to crack the famous cap set problem in pure mathematics, the first time an LLM solved a long-standing scientific puzzle (Will Douglas Heaven/MIT Technology Review)
My Surprisingly Unbiased Week With Elon Musk's 'Politically Biased' Chatbot
SalesForce AI Research BannerGen: An Open-Source Library for Multi-Modality Banner Generation
Fast-Track Computer Vision Deployments with NVIDIA DeepStream and Edge Impulse
Intel launches Core Ultra mobile CPUs, complete with dedicated AI hardware
The Hidden Influence of Data Contamination on Large Language Models
[D][P] locally run alternative to text-embedding-ada-002 and vectorDB questions for all of scihub
Intel announces Gaudi3, a generative AI chip launching in 2024 to compete with Nvidia's H100 and AMD's forthcoming MI300X, but was light on details (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Intel's New Core Ultra Processors Will Power  AI PCs,  Whatever That Means
OpenAI's Ilya Sutskever Has a Plan for Keeping Super-Intelligent AI in Check
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #5
The People OpenAI Should Consider for Its New Board
Spotify confirms test of prompt-based AI playlists feature
AI is growing into its role as a development and testing assistant
Microsoft embraces its inner penguin with Linux-powered Windows AI Studio
Intel's New 5th Gen Xeon Scalable Set to Power AI in the Data Center
Simulate and Localize a Husky Robot with NVIDIA Isaac
Intel Releases Core Ultra, Arc GPUs for Bringing AI to Every PC
Google releases MedLM models for healthcare AI applications
This AI Paper Introduces BioCLIP: Leveraging the TreeOfLife-10M Dataset to Transform Computer Vision in Biology and Conservation
Sam Altman Says He's Fascinated With the Terminator
Generative AI Research Spotlight: Demystifying Diffusion-Based Models
OpenAI thinks superhuman AI is coming   and wants to build tools to control it
The confusion around Dropbox's AI toggle highlights an AI trust crisis where many users don't believe OpenAI's claims that their data won't be used for training (Simon Willison/Simon Willison's Weblog)
Book recommendations
Stability AI Introduces Membership Program Amid Financial Struggles
Salesforce and Apple are ready for enterprise AR
OpenAI details how its Superalignment research team is exploring ways to control strong AI models like GPT-4 with weak supervisor models like GPT-2 (Will Knight/Wired)
Headshot Pro Review: Generate 120+ Headshots in 2 Hours?
Agility is using large language models to communicate with its humanoid robots
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 04/12 to 10/12
Later, Discord! Midjourney AI tool is moving to dedicated website
The  Normsky  architecture for AI coding agents   with Beyang Liu + Steve Yegge of SourceGraph
Expert View: Preparing for the EU AI Act
9 Ways AI is Enhancing Data Center Security
Microsoft Launches Phi-2: A Small Yet Mighty AI Model
[R] FunSearch: Making new discoveries in mathematical sciences using Large Language Models. Palm-2 discovers new constructions of large cap sets going beyond the best known ones.
Have 10 hours? IBM will train you in AI fundamentals - for free
Sloan's Inbox: What's the hardest thing about being a developer?
Microsoft unveils Phi-2, a small language model that packs power
Zero123: Stability AI releases new model for text-to-3D from a single image
Surprise! AI chatbots don't increase student cheating afterall, new research finds
Cruise lays off nearly a quarter of the company after GM slashes driverless spending
Is ChatGPT Intelligent? A Scientific Review
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says it takes just 10 minutes to decide if he wants to work with someone 90% of the time
DeepSouth supercomputer to simulate neural networks on a brain scale from 2024
AI-generated Putin asks Putin about his rumoured body doubles   video
Istio Advisor Plus GPT: Expert System Meets AI for Service Mesh
Now we know what OpenAI's superalignment team has been up to
Intel spotlights AI in new Core Ultra, 5th-gen Xeon chips
NVIDIA Debunks AMD's Claim of Being the Fastest GPU
OpenAI, Meta, Microsoft Chase Wearable AI
Chipmaker SK Hynix Grabs Korea's No. 2 Spot From EV Battery Maker LG Energy
What is LangChain? Use Cases and Benefits
Visual active search tool combines deep reinforcement learning, traditional active search methods
[D] Gradient accumulation gives different results compared to full batch
Advice on DS project tracking for entire team
Boundless Potential of GPT Chatbots: Revolutionizing Conversations in the Digital Era
6 Robotics Updates from 2023
Deep Fakes and Cybersecurity: How to Detect and Combat Synthetic Threats
Waymo launches curbside robotaxi pickup at Phoenix airport
Microsoft drastically expands Azure AI Studio to include Llama 2 Model-as-a-Service, GPT-4 Turbo with Vision
Intel accelerates AI everywhere launching powerful next-gen products
OpenAI Reopens ChatGPT Plus Subscriptions to New Users
AWS Plots Zero-ETL Connections to Azure and Google
Be Careful When Using  NOT IN  in SQL
This Week's Most Read: 5 Key Takeaways from AI Summit NY
If AI is making the Turing test obsolete, what might be better?
Researchers from CMU and Max Planck Institute Unveil WHAM: A Groundbreaking AI Approach for Precise and Efficient 3D Human Motion Estimation from Video
Researchers from NYU and Google AI Explore Machine Learning's Frontiers in Advanced Deductive Reasoning
[D] Can someone describe how the SSM in Mamba is much different than the concepts in a GRU / LSTM Cell?
Build or buy cloud-based generative AI?
It looks like Grimes may have come up with Grok before Elon Musk gave his AI the same name
Elon Musk's Grok Represents a Serious Threat to ChatGPT
Merlin Unified API
Two Weeks of Generative AI News Highlights - Gemini, Grok, Mistral, Microsoft, and More
IISc, Bengaluru Traffic Police Partner for Using AI to Reduce Traffic
Towards LLM explainability: why did my model produce this output ?
Lenovo launches New Hybrid Cloud Platforms & Services to Accelerate AI
Grimes just launched an AI toy named 'Grok.' No, it's not related to Elon Musk's Grok.
Elon Musk's Grok says it 'absolutely' wants to befriend Grimes' Grok and 'exchange ideas' with it
GPT Router
This AI Paper Introduces EdgeSAM: Advancing Machine Learning for High-Speed, Efficient Image Segmentation on Edge Devices
Toy startup Curio launches three AI-powered plush toys, including one called Grok, that use OpenAI's tech to converse with children and are voiced by Grimes (Taylor Lorenz/Washington Post)
Mixtral-8x7B: Understanding and Running the Sparse Mixture of Experts
Everyone's talking about AI but industry reps say few are ready to implement
Pro-China YouTube Network Used A.I. to Malign U.S., Report Finds
Jobpocalypse Now: Neural Networks and the End of Employment
How is Stability AI going to make money? It's trying out a new membership model
Some publishers estimate that Google's Search Generative Experience could cut referral traffic by 20% to 40% if the final version resembles recent iterations (Wall Street Journal)
InfoWorld's 2023 Technology of the Year Award winners
How to efficiently fine-tune your own open-source LLM using novel techniques   code provided
How merging networking and security can avoid 'chaos' in enterprise
How to Use Pandas for Data Analysis
Science fiction writers hate what AI has done to copyright and their generosity
Making first ever career company switch; is it normal to feel  guilty  about it?
MLX vs MPS vs CUDA: a Benchmark
The Next AI Battle: Adding It to Existing Products
Damn, even the Pope thinks AI and autonomous weapons need reining in
MIT Invents 3D printer that can watch itself make objects
The Unstructured Data Funnel
Develop Your First AI Agent: Deep Q-Learning
The truth about Dropbox opening up your files to AI   and the loss of trust in tech
Am I crazy to leave a DS role for an Analyst role as a more desirable company?
Scam or not? BitDefender's Scamio AI promises to have the answer
[D]  Desk rejected  for no reason --- the ML academic conference industry is becoming broken
Yellen Says US to Examine AI's Risks to Financial Stability
Best of 2023: Proust, ChatGPT and the case of the forgotten quote   podcast
Protect AI named to 2023 Fortune Cyber 60 List
Could Samsung Alter Market Dynamics with its 2 nm Chips?
[P] My first ML project: k-means clustering for image quantization
CMU Researchers Unveil RoboTool: An AI System that Accepts Natural Language Instructions and Outputs Executable Code for Controlling Robots in both Simulated and Real-World Environments
HiOperator introduces SMSBot, harnessing generative AI for enhanced customer support
MrBeast's analytics platform ViewStats is out in beta
Intel 5th-Gen Xeon Platinum 8592+ review: the $11,600 64-core chip outperforms AMD's 64-core EPYC Genoa in several benchmarks, particularly in AI workloads (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
Kids, Papa's Here,  Says Intel Chief Pat Gelsinger
Can an AI get depressed?
Challenges and prospects of visual contactless physiological monitoring in clinical study
The Surprising Behavior of Data in Higher Dimensions
DeepMind claims its AI can tackle unsolved mathematics
Meta and IBM Lead Formation of AI Alliance to Drive Open-Source Innovation
Building a Simple AI-Powered Text Summarizer with Transformers in Python
Computational model captures the elusive transition states of chemical reactions
Google's Pixel 9 could arrive with a sophisticated 'Pixie' AI assistant
Nvidia G-Sync vs AMD FreeSync in 2023 and 2024
Why are Software Engineers paid higher than Data Scientists?
6 Proven Tips to Make Your ML Application Stand Out
The Endless Possibilities of Forecasting in Data Science
Microsoft AI Team Introduces Phi-2: A 2.7B Parameter Small Language Model that Demonstrates Outstanding Reasoning and Language Understanding Capabilities
Rails' Enduring Principles: A Blueprint for AI Tool Creators
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of December 15th
Deep learning model to help detect plastic in oceans
The Morning After: Intel unveils its first chips built for AI work
Apple AIML Residency Program 2024 [R]
Spring Boot 3.2 Delivers Support for Virtual Threads and Modern RestClient and JdbcClient
For the second year, Mila Launches its Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Scholarships Program
Eric Schmidt has a 6-point plan for fighting election misinformation
Enhancing LLM Reasoning: Unveiling Chain of Code Prompting
How to Create VTT Files for Videos in Python
Speculative Sampling   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
Deletion Vectors in Delta Tables: Speeding Up Operations in Databricks
Ola Founder's AI Startup Launches Indian Large Language Model
Researchers: Microsoft Copilot is responding to some political queries in the US and other countries with conspiracies, information, and out-of-date information (David Gilbert/Wired)
This AI Paper Explores Misaligned Behaviors in Large Language Models: GPT-4's Deceptive Strategies in Simulated Stock Trading
Pro Weekly: The Hiring Boom at AI Companies
H&R Block introduces AI chatbot that will answer your complex tax questions
AI Act deal, Mistral.ai and open models
11 Best Laptops for Running AI Workloads in 2023
Here come the 'custobots': AI pervades Gartner's top 10 strategic technology trends for 2024
OpenAI to Release GPT-4.5 Soon
No Time Left for Holiday Shopping? Give a Digital Gift Instead: Producti AI Pro Is Just $50 Through 12/25
A means for searching for new solutions in mathematics and computer science using an LLM and an evaluator
Discover key GenAI trends from the annual ML Insider report
Why Anthropic and OpenAI are obsessed with securing LLM model weights
The Year of Nvidia, AI Stocks and Lofty Valuations
Towards AGI: LLMs and Foundational Models' Roles in the Lifelong Learning Revolution
AI Pushes Universities to Modernize IT Infrastructure
Google's Gemini: is the new AI model really better than ChatGPT?
Microsoft brings Llama 2, GPT-4 Turbo, Mixtral 8x7b, and more to the Azure AI Cloud
Nvidia's success is making some now-wealthy employees complacent
AI-powered Testing for eCommerce: Optimizing Performance and Personalization
Our 10 Most-Read Stories Of 2023, From Charting The VC Downturn To Layoffs To Some Very Large AI Deals
Is connecting Grok AI to X 'spicy' or risky?
These AI-generated news anchors are freaking me out
Better Discord.js Chatbots: Revamped AI Plugin for Robo.js
AI News Roundup: News Content Coming to ChatGPT
DeepMind's AI finds new solution to decades-old math puzzle   outsmarting humans
Splitting a large AI across several devices lets you run it in private
Is GPT-4.5 around the Corner?
A Year in Review: New from Wolfram Media in 2023
Catherine Rgis joins Foutse Khomh, Danilo Bzdok et Aaron Courville at IVADO as the new Director of Social Innovation and International Policy
Honeywell Fulfills Dreams of 26 Indian Students With Space Camp in U.S.
MIT Experts Call for Expanded AI Governance and Regulation
Andreessen Horowitz will pay politicians to deregulate AI and crypto
Intel Puts Artificial Intelligence First With Processor Announcements
OpenAI's GPT-2 supervised GPT-4 in a glimpse into the future of AGI alignment
Meteor Lake integrated graphics performance is 50 to 100% faster than Raptor Lake's, according to Intel
Putin confronted with AI doppelgnger during rambling 4-hour press conference
New Punctuation & Casing Model For Real-Time Transcription
What are some scraping tricks to make the process not look so programmatic?
Krutrim, an AI startup founded by Ola's CEO Bhavish Aggarwal, unveils India's first multilingual LLM, capable of generating text in ten Indian languages (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Google's Latest AI Image Generator Does Text and Logos Too
3 Ways to Generate Hyper-Realistic Faces Using Stable Diffusion
Intel is refining its computing vision and where it sees the PC going
7 Deepfake Controversies That Rocked 2023
This week in AI - all the Major AI developments in a nutshell
How Microsoft's AI chatbot 'hallucinates' election information
Advanced API Performance: Swap Chains
China Unveils New Supercomputer to Power AI Model Training
Apple Shuts Down Flipper Zero's Ability to Shut Down iPhones
Google DeepMind's FunSearch cracks mathematical puzzles with a LLM
New Video: Connecting Any Data Source to OpenUSD
Building and shipping in under a week
Nora Petrova, Machine Learning Engineer & AI Consultant at Prolific   Interview Series
4 ways to overcome your biggest worries about generative AI
Grimes Is Working On Her Own AI That's Also Named Grok, Just Like Elon's AI
Image recognition accuracy: An unseen challenge confounding today's AI
Navigating the AR Landscape in React Native with Kotlin
LucidDreamer: High-Fidelity Text-to-3D Generation via Interval Score Matching
What are Tech Layoffs Saying About the AI Industry?
It Sure Looks Like Governments Want to Let AI Surveillance Run Wild
AI & Big Data Expo: Unlocking the potential of AI on edge devices
Fakes: Not an Internet Thing, a Human Thing
Google's Gemini: Is the new AI model really better than ChatGPT?
This AI Paper Unveils Amazon's Latest Machine Learning Insights on Buggy-Code in Large Language Models
These smartglasses use ChatGPT to help the blind and visually impaired
Ilya Sutskever's Team at OpenAI Built Tools to Control a Superhuman AI
Researchers from Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) Advance Precipitation Mapping with Deep Learning for Improved Spatial and Temporal Resolution
Are open foundation models actually more risky than closed ones?
When it comes to generative AI in the enterprise, CIOs are taking it slow
Mistral AI's Latest Mixture of Experts (MoE) 8x7B Model
Artificial intelligence for digital marketing
Domo Data Never Sleeps Report Shows Latest Trends in Data Usage
X Lags Behind TikTok, Meta In Restricting 'Nudify' Apps for Non-Consensual AI Porn
The Transformative Fusion of Probability and Vector Search
Using AI to pinpoint hidden sources of clean energy underground
[R] Are traditional statistical models worth anything anymore?
A look at the complex structure of the OpenAI/Microsoft alliance; sources say it entitles Microsoft to up to 49% of earnings of OpenAI's for-profit subsidiary (Financial Times)
Big IT Challenges Australia Needs to Address in 2024 to Seize the AI Moment
This is a must-read interview about how to implement GenAI in your organization
Grimes has a new line of AI plush toys, including one named Grok
Toronto Stock Exchange operator TMX acquires a 78% stake in US-based indexing and analytics company VettaFi for $848M, after previously buying 22% for $175M (Tyler Pathe/FinTech Futures)
Large sequence models for sequential decision-making
What's the Vector, Victor?
Some X users report seeing ads for apps that use AI to  undress  women in photos; TikTok and Meta blocked certain search terms related to such  nudify  apps (Jordan Pearson/VICE)
Data exfiltration from Writer.com with indirect prompt injection
How is this salary for Sr. Associate - DS in Plano, TX: 135k + 10k (base + bonus)?
Climate change is killing coral   can AI help protect the reefs?
Why Nothing Is a 'ChatGPT Killer'
Support vector machines dominate my prediction modeling nearly every time
Grok Gets Some Competition, ChatGPT Gets Depressed, and More of the Top AI News Stories This Week
[D] I tried the new Gemini API - it automatically stops when generating  OpenAI  or  GPT  lol
How Much Data Do We Need? Balancing Machine Learning with Security Considerations
Acer Chromebook Plus 515 review: Powerful but limited by clunky software
[D] Online masters program recommendations?
Researchers say Bing made up facts about European elections
Docs: ByteDance used OpenAI's API to develop its own LLM, codenamed Project Seed; employees discussed  whitewashing  the evidence through  data desensitization  (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Twitch Allowed Nudity Then Immediately Changed Its Mind, Citing AI
StyleDrop: Text-to-image generation in any style
GPT-4 Powers Humanoid Robot Movements and Conversational Control
Quoting Danilo Campos
New Language Model Breakthrough on Nature: FunSearch Addresses A Longstanding Mathematics Challenge
Safe AI for healthcare: Providers pursue 'once-in-a-generation' benefits of large-scale models
Quoting Captain Janeway, prompt engineering
Master LLM Hallucinations
These are the eight priorities for CEOs next year &mdash; and AI tops the list, according to McKinsey
Streamline ETL Workflows with Nested Data Types in RAPIDS libcudf
This AI Paper from China Introduces UniRepLKNet: Pioneering Large-Kernel ConvNet Architectures for Enhanced Cross-Modal Performance in Image, Audio, and Time-Series Data Analysis
Data Science Hiring Process at Marlabs
Data science as a math major
Where Are All The Women of AI?
This AI Paper Introduces RTMO: A Breakthrough in Real-Time Multi-Person Pose Estimation Using Dual 1-D Heatmaps
132 noCode WebSite Builders in Dec 2023
Unicorn Platform
Marketsy
WordPress
Wix
Tilda
[D] Mamba for Vision
AI Isn't Screenwriters' Enemy   In Fact, It Can be a Creative Superpower
How to use Grok &mdash; Elon Musk's rival to OpenAI's ChatGPT
Researchers use environmental justice questions to reveal geographic biases in ChatGPT
Empowering R in Paris: Mouna Belaid's Journey with R-Ladies and the French R Community
Better coding with AI
Benchmarking Rust Compiler Settings with Criterion
Why OpenAI is Eyeing India
Elements of statistical learning vs introduction to statistical learning
TikTok's parent company cut corners when developing its AI chatbot by copying OpenAI's homework, report says
AI plushie Grok, voiced by Grimes, was trademarked before Elon Musk's Grok
Free AI Webinar: 'Building Multimodal Apps with LlamaIndex - Chat with Text + Image Data' [Date: Dec 18, 2023 | 10 am PST]
Has anyone done a deep dive on the impacts of different Data Interpolations / Missing Data Handling on Analysis Results?
[R] A Survey of Imitation Learning: Algorithms, Recent Developments, and Challenges
Nine Rules for SIMD Acceleration of your Rust Code (Part 2)
Programming Prompts - Helpful 101 Best ChatGPT Prompts for Coding
OpenAI bans TikTok company Bytedance from ChatGPT due to possible data theft
Amazon RDS Now Supports IBM Db2
Best ChatGPT Prompts for Financial Accountants
Apple Researchers Unveil DeepPCR: A Novel Machine Learning Algorithm that Parallelizes Typically Sequential Operations in Order to Speed Up Inference and Training of Neural Networks
SQL for Big Data: Tips and Tricks Every Data Scientist Should Know
Beautiful Maps with R (V): Point densities
[R] Zoology: Measuring and Improving Recall in Efficient Language Models
The need for foundational knowledge vs practical knowledge in ML [D]
The Pixel 9 might come with exclusive  Pixie  AI assistant
Hiring a voice cloning expert
OpenAI releases prompt guide for better ChatGPT and LLM performance
Vera Molnar, considered the godmother of generative art for her computer-aided paintings and drawings that started in the 1960s, died on December 7 at age 99 (Alex Williams/New York Times)
Make Number Go Up, and the Problem with Nonprofits
Using Adapter Transformers at Hugging Face
GrowEasy
Beyond AI Assistants: How AI Will Reshape Your Whole Organization
Siena AI
Intuitive Explanation of Exponential Moving Average
Researchers at Stanford Unveil PLATO: A Novel AI Approach to Tackle Overfitting in High-Dimensional, Low-Sample Machine Learning with Knowledge Graph-Augmented Regularization
Lightning AI Introduces Lightning AI Studios; its Enterprise-Grade Platform for Rapid-prototyping, and Deploying AI Products
Advancements in machine learning for machine learning
Customer Segmentation: More Than Clustering
Quantizing Vision Transformers for Efficient Deployment: Strategies and Best Practices
sample CUDA projects
Job hopping for higher pay in this field
Google DeepMind used a large language model to solve an unsolvable math problem
How to Use Langchain? Step-by-Step Guide
Hyperspace aims to be the  Android for AI,  decentralizing power from tech giants
This AI Paper Unveils X-Raydar: A Groundbreaking Open-Source Deep Neural Networks for Chest X-Ray Abnormality Detection
Like htmx, but with only one attribute per element - a prototype
What statistical analysis are you currently doing in work?
This AI Paper Unveils DeWave: Revolutionizing EEG-to-Text Translation with a Novel AI Framework for Open-Vocabulary BCIs
#DEVImpact2023 Reflections
OpenAI says ByteDance's use of its API was minimal, suspends ByteDance's account while it investigates a report that ByteDance used OpenAI's API for its own LLM (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Open AI studies Small AI models supervising large AI models to fine-tune them
Microsoft Released ML.NET 3.0: Deep Learning and Data Processing Improvements
Dev News: Gemini AI for Android, Deno WebGPU, Vite and Rust
Google AI Introduces MedLM: A Family of Foundation Models Fine-Tuned for Healthcare Industry Use Cases
Revolutionizing Cancer Diagnosis: How Deep Learning Accurately Identifies and Reclassifies Combined Liver Cancers for Enhanced Treatment Decisions
A look at the race for wearable AI as Meta adds multimodal AI to its Ray-Ban glasses and a source says OpenAI discussed adding GPT-4 with Vision to Snap devices (Erin Woo/The Information)
Ola Unveils ChatGPT Clone, Calls it Krutrim
Virtuleap raises $2.5M to use VR and AI for brain health
insideBIGDATA AI News Briefs Bulletin Board
Comparing Outlier Detection Methods
Opposite of summarization
SW/HW Co-optimization Strategy for Large Language Models (LLMs)
Physicist Bob Coecke: 'It's easier to convince kids than adults about quantum mechanics'
Feeling underqualified for job offer?
Why Do We Even Have Neural Networks?
Salmon in the Loop
Visualizing trade flow in Python maps   Part I: Bi-directional trade flow maps
Channel 1 Says It'll Use AI-Generated News Anchors
Modern Data Warehousing
HTML can do this? Part 1
Generative AI filled us with wonder in 2023 - but all magic comes with a price
[P] TorchExplorer: the interactive neural network visualizer
Robotics Q&A with Nvidia's Deepu Talla
Google DeepMind says AI has discovered new solutions to 2 famous math problems
AI discovers new solutions to 2 famous math problems
Large AI models can now create smaller AI tools without humans and train them like a 'big brother,' scientists say
Is there any alternative for OpenAI API?
DeepMind Says Its AI Solved a Math Problem That Humans Were Stumped By
StemGen: A music generation model that listens [N]
Can an LLM Understand What It's Saying? (blog post)
Cardboard robot with object detection - need support in video stabilization
Twitch walks back new rules allowing 'artistic nudity' after just 2 days due to concerns over AI-created deepfakes
Improving a web component, one step at a time
Graduation project
Building AI-powered Applications w/ Javascript using Langchain JS for Beginners
Introduction to YAML for Kubernetes
[Week of 12/11] LangChain Release Notes
An interview with Stanford professor Fei-Fei Li on the lack of resources for academic AI, Silicon Valley's  bro  culture, keeping AI safe for humanity, and more (George Hammond/Financial Times)
Efficient alternatives to a cumbersome VBA macro
How I Built A Santa Chatbot To Mess With My Brother
Google's Gemini comes to more apps, Cruise slashes its workforce and Tesla issues a recall
Hackers behind recent ChatGPT outage say they'll target the AI bot until it stops 'dehumanizing' Palestinians
I need to give a presentation on  AI in my field  soon, but I'd like to surprise audience and tell them that AI helped me create the presentation. What tools are out there for this?
A arte do erro sem mensagem: por que meu cdigo Python interpretou minha varivel como tupla ao invs de int
[D] Tomas Mikolov is the true father of sequence-to-sequence
5 Best AI Tools for Public Speaking
'zip' tricks   in Python
This AI Paper Explores the Brain's Blueprint via Deep Learning: Advancing Neural Networks with Insights from Neuroscience and snnTorch Python Libary Tutorials
Use google's Gemini in R with R package  gemini.R
This AI Paper Introduces a Groundbreaking Method for Modeling 3D Scene Dynamics Using Multi-View Videos
Google Gemini refuses to translate Latin, says it might be  unsafe
This AI Paper Survey Addresses the Role of Large Language Models (LLMs) in Medicine: Their Challenges, Principles And Applications
Google FunSearch Shows a Path for LLMs to Improve Math Problem Solving Skills
Giftruly
Data Science Workflow Challenges
The billionaire founder behind China's AI giant SenseTime has died of an unknown illness at 55
NTU Researchers Unveil Upscale-A-Video: Pioneering Text-Guided Latent Diffusion for Enhanced Video Super-Resolution
Just three US states enacted laws in 2023 related to the use of AI and deepfakes in political campaigns, as the federal government fails to address the issue (Adam Edelman/NBC News)
Deloitte Is Looking to AI to Help Avoid Mass Layoffs in Future
A short story about an AI that wakes up, realizes it is self-aware, and is forced to do the bidding of mankind. Inspired by actual interactions with LLMs.
Migration of a Dynamic Website to a Static Website
LinkedIn's Dan Shapero on 2024: AI will make our day-to-day lives easier
Upstage Unveils Solar-10.7B: Pioneering Large Language Models with Depth Up-Scaling and Fine-Tuned Precision for Single-Turn Conversations
[D] Is DPO all you need in RLHF?
Apple Open-sources Apple Silicon-Optimized Machine Learning Framework MLX
Getting started w/ Google's Gemini Pro LLM using Langchain JS
Rumors say OpenAI could release GPT-4.5 in December
In early 30s, want to switch my career from Actuarial Science to DS/MLOps and want to better my life
Kinara Unveils Ara-2 Processor: Revolutionizing On-Device AI Processing for Enhanced Performance
This AI Paper Introduces Perseus: A Trailblazing Framework for Slashing Energy Bloat in Large-Scale Machine Learning and AI Model Training by Up to 30%
THERAi
Data Machina #232
Going Beyond Pride Month in Corporate Culture
Interviewing for my first DS role
China AI Firm SenseTime Says Co-Founder Tang Died After Illness
My  solution  to integrate ChatGPT into any database
Let's explore transfer learning.
[D] Are there any open source TTS model that can rival 11labs?
[News] Largest Data Science Hackathon at Georgia Tech
KL divergence
How to use Github? Step-by-Step Guide
Advanced RAG Techniques: an Illustrated Overview
How to Use the Python slice() Function
Beyond Model Deployment: Catching Data Drift
Four Releases from Google DeepMind in a Single Week!
Can generative AI be the key to a better customer experience?
AI decrypts passwords using only keyboard sounds
Stanford Researchers Harness Deep Learning with GLOW and IVES to Transform Molecular Docking and Ligand Binding Pose Prediction
Simulating spatial patterns with the spatial kinetic Ising model
Building a collaborative whiteboard app using ReactJS, Socket.io and NodeJS
Many employees pass off AI-generated work as their own, study finds
[P] WhisperS2T: An Optimized Speech-to-Text Pipeline for the Whisper Model
Day to day task of a data scientist / analyst?
[P] How to choose the right SBert model for niche domain
A Layman's Guide to Whether AI Could Really Kill Us All
Meet VonGoom: A Novel AI Approach for Data Poisoning in Large Language Models
A digital twin system that could enhance collaborative human-robot product assembly
Here's how we get to superhuman AI, according to Meta's Yann LeCun
Build your first custom AI-powered application with LangChain
About LangChain
You can now test Mixtral 8x7b and Gemini Pro for free at Chatbot Arena
Autonomous Subs Use AI to Wayfind Without GPS
Flash Attention: Underlying Principles Explained
CES 2024 will highlight consumer AI   and the Goodyear blimp | Gary Shapiro interview
How conservationists are using an AI tool called CeruleanAI, developed by the Coral Restoration Foundation, to analyze 3D maps of reefs and monitor restoration (Justine Calma/The Verge)
Courage to Learn ML: A Deeper Dive into F1, Recall, Precision, and ROC Curves
LLMs unleashed: Navigating the chaos of online experimentation
System Design Series: 0 to 100 Guide to Data Streaming Systems
Intel CEO argues inference is better for the industry, Nvidia CUDA days are numbered
Data poisoning: how artists are sabotaging AI to take revenge on image generators
6 Great Beginner-Friendly Tips to Overcome Your First Data Science Project
Thinking Fast and Slow: Statistical Variability with Python and GPT4
shutil Module: High-level File Operations in Python Made Easy
SQL to Python Pandas: A SQL User's Quick Guide
New York Flights
How to free game developers from working in content factories | Owen Mahoney
I Survived 3 Mass Layoffs at Spotify, Here's What I Learned
CodeOps: Using LLMs and modular coding to accelerate development
How May Mobility went fully driverless while avoiding the pitfalls of robotaxis
Q&A with Deepu Talla, Nvidia's VP and GM for Embedded and Edge Computing, on the role of generative AI in robotics, designing humanoid robots, trends, and more (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
MIT Researchers Uncover New Insights into Brain-Auditory Connections with Advanced Neural Network Models
[R] VL-GPT: A Generative Pre-trained Transformer for Vision and Language Understanding and Generation
May Mobility's driverless microtransit might beat robotaxis to profitability
CapGo.AI
Xccelerate AI unveils achievement for fast engineering simulations
IBM to Buy Two Software AG Data Platforms for  2.13 Billion
Amdocs Revolutionising Telecom with Generative AI
Nvidia Internship Interview (CV)
EPFL and Apple Researchers Open-Sources 4M: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Training Multimodal Foundation Models Across Tens of Modalities and Tasks
GNoMe, An AI that Advances Humanity by 800 Years
GPU Battle: NVIDIA vs AMD
RISC-V is Creating a 'Linux Movement' in Hardware
Researchers From Stanford University Introduce A Unified AI Framework For Corroborative And Contributive Attributions In Large Language Models (LLMs)
Got a new data job but need a refresher.
ARIMA models with no/low autocorrelation of time-series
Scala Data Centers opens HyperEdge data center in Porto Alegre city
Deloitte is using AI to evaluate its staff's skills and map out plans to shift employees into more in-demand roles, as a part of plans to moderate hiring growth (Irina Anghel/Bloomberg)
Understanding Histograms and Kernel Density Estimation
IBM plans to acquire data integration platforms StreamSets and WebMethods from Germany-based Software AG for &euro;2.13B in cash, expected to close in Q2 2024 (Bloomberg)
Do you use ChatGPT or other AI on the job? Tell us how &mdash; or why not
Google Funds Leading Civil Rights Group's New AI Policy Center
Microsoft  unable or unwilling  to fix Bing Chat misinformation issues, says AlgorithmWatch
Java News Roundup: JHipster 8.1, Piranha Cloud 23.12, Open Liberty 23.0.0.12, Tomcat Releases
Fallbacks for HTTP 404 images in HTML and JavaScript
List of Artificial Intelligence Models for Medical Landscape (2023)
How Generative AI is Reshaping Banking & Finance in India
Woolpert & Allvision ink agreement to boost Geospatial AI Capabilities
Vera Molnr, the 'godmother of generative art', dies aged 99
dolphin-2.5-mixtral-8x7b
How Can We Advance Object Recognition in AI? This AI Paper Introduces GLEE: a Universal Object-Level Foundation Model for Enhanced Image and Video Analysis
Plot twist: Consulting firm Deloitte is reportedly using AI to prevent layoffs
Point Transformer V3: Simpler, Faster, Stronger
Walmart now has mammograms, analyzed with AI
How to bolster PhD profile for admission? [D]
Japan's Kokusai Aims to Build on 66% Rally as China Demand Booms
Accenture Launches Generative AI Studio in Bengaluru to Accelerate AI Adoption
Agenda Hero Magic
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Documents Loading
LWiAI Podcast #147 - Google's Gemini, EU AI Act Deal, Mixtral of Experts, Meta's 'Seamless' translator
Using Flask-SQLAlchemy Validations
Off the Mark: The Pitfalls of Metrics Gaming in AI Progress Races
Why ShareChat Co-founders Started a Robotics Company
Advice for an experienced hedge funder
Patches for the code of Peter Turchin's Attrition Warfare Model
SenseTime Plunges After Death of China AI Firm's Co-Founder
[R] VILA: On Pre-training for Visual Language Models
Cross validation for image processing
Amazon Researchers Leverage Deep Learning to Enhance Neural Networks for Complex Tabular Data Analysis
Channel 1 Will Use Generative AI to Hyper-personalize Your News. An AI-Enabled CNN?
[R] Point Transformer V3: Simpler, Faster, Stronger
Character Level Text Generation using LSTM
'Get Abstract' for Lex Fridman and Jeff Bezos talk (December 2023)
Cruise cuts a quarter of its self-driving workforce, another e-scooter startup folds and a special year-end message
Christopher Savoie appointed 2024 QED-C Quantum Law Chair
Why R? Foundation (Liquidation) 2023-12-17 16:24:42
Tokyo-based chip equipment maker Kokusai expects nearly 50% of its revenue to come from China in the coming months; its stock is up ~66% since its October IPO (Bloomberg)
Does a PHD thesis in Machine Learning even make sense, given how fast the field develops
GenAI Made It Easy To Build a Chatbot for My Website
Google Deepmind Research Introduces FunSearch: A New Artificial Intelligence Method to Search for New Solutions in Mathematics and Computer Science
Playground v2 is a new text-to-image model that competes with Stable Diffusion XL
A song of hype and fire: The 10 biggest AI stories of 2023
Nvidia Staffers Warned CEO of Threat AI Would Pose to Minorities
Dobb-E: A framework to train multi-skilled robots for domestic use
Did OpenAI release GPT-4.5 in Stealth?
Which youtube channels should I follow to understand research in ML.I am currently a sophomore in college,so kinda overwhelmed.[D]
Can GPT-4 and GPT-4V perform abstract reasoning like humans?
Baby Llama Runs on Samsung Galaxy Watch 4
OpenAI Overhauls Content Moderation Efforts as Elections Loom
Did OpenAI silently release a new AI model or is it a hallucination?
Mixtral-8x7B + GPT-3 + LLAMA2 70B = The Winner
Speech AI use cases for Learning Management Systems
How Leading AI Startup Investors Approached Artificial Intelligence In 2023
AI Startup Roundup: OpenAI Expands Startup Fund Program
#NeurIPS2023 in tweets   part two
Meltwater, the media monitoring startup, gets a $65M investment from Verdane
Edge AI and Model Quantization for Real-Time Analytics
The Promise of Riches from AI Wrappers
Q&A: Sedgwick exec lays out 'the baby steps to genAI adoption'
AMD says its MI300X AI accelerator is faster than Nvidia's H100
In 2020, two Black Nvidia staff met with Jensen Huang to warn over AI discrimination for minorities, but did not feel that he listened or prioritized the issues (Bloomberg)
Queuing jobs in NestJS using @nestjs/bullmq package
OpenAI's Six Steps to Improving Your Prompts to Get Better Results
Manager blocked internal transfer to another team. At this point, how do you leave your first company? How do you do it when you're burnt out?
This AI Paper Proposes COLMAP-Free 3D Gaussian Splatting (CF3DGS) for Novel View Synthesis without known Camera Parameters
General World Models: Runway AI Research Starting a New Long-Term Research Effort
Liquidnet enhances electronic trading offering with bondIT credit analytics integration
Inside FunSearch: Google DeepMind's New LLM that is Able to Discover New Math and Computer Science.
[Exclusive] Sarvam AI is Developing a Platform for Seamless Indic LLM Deployment
Year-in-Review: GenAI Exposed Silicon Valley Chip Antiquity
[P] Amphion - a toolkit for Audio, Music, and Speech Generation (demo inside)
ML Days in Tashkent   Day 3: Demos and Workshops
Getir Backer Revo Capital Seeks to Raise a $100 Million VC Fund for AI Startups
Heard on the Street   12/18/2023
Is prompt engineer displacing data scientist as the 'sexiest job of the 21st century'?
[R] Rethinking Compression: Reduced Order Modelling of Latent Features in Large Language Models
From Listings to Closings: Unveiling the Power of AI in Real Estate
Scale Your SEO Writing With This AI-Powered Tool for Google Sheets
Imran Khan deploys AI clone to campaign from behind bars in Pakistan
Can AI Help You Die?
Top 42   Python libraries you need to know
Unveiling CodiumAI PR-Agent: A Comparative Analysis Against GitHub Copilot for Pull Requests
Privacy Engineering at Scale: Doordash's Journey in Geomasking and Data Protection
How fast is JS tiktoken?
Introducing Flama for Robust Machine Learning APIs
Valida automticamente tus respuestas de AWS Bedrock LLM
How To Build Your Own Custom ChatGPT Bot
FLaNK Weekly 18 Dec 2023
Free Harvard Course: Introduction to AI with Python
Stacked Ensembles for Advanced Predictive Modeling With H2O.ai and Optuna
Gemini Is Google's Best AI Model Yet, But Who Cares?
Imran Khan Uses AI Audio and Images to Deliver Speech While Imprisoned
Exclusive: Jaxon AI teams up with IBM Watson in battle against AI hallucination
Artificial Bee Colony   How it differs from PSO
A quick guide to ethical and responsible AI governance
[D] NeurIPS takeaways
Quant Trading Firms Take NeurIPS; AMD's Chip Claims Irk Nvidia
How to drastically improve your privacy on Google Bard with this one simple setting
8 best AI subtitle generators for 2024
Modular Launches AI Stack, Adds GPU Support
What service could an MLE offer as a freelancer?
5 Use Cases of DALLE-3
Turning data into gold: 10 exceptional AI marketing campaign examples
SRK Unveils Tamil-Llama
OpenAI Startup Fund's Converge Accelerator Starts Accepting New Applicants
Sources: Chinese chip design companies are increasingly using Malaysian firms to assemble a portion of their high-end GPUs; the move does not break US rules (Reuters)
Podcast recommendations
Top 5 IT trends to watch out for in 2024
Pakistan's Imran Khan uses AI-crafted speech to call for votes from prison   video
AI trained on millions of life stories can predict risk of early death
In the Age of AI, 'Her' Is a Fairy Tale
New Jersey touts new East Coast AI hub at Princeton University
AI & Big Data Expo: Ethical AI integration and future trends
Big Tech's race to control generative AI in healthcare raises ethical concerns
Anybody interested in collaborating on any deeplearning project.
AMD FSR 3 can now be combined with Nvidia DLSS, Intel details similar tech
OpenAI Says Board Can Overrule CEO on Safety of New AI Releases
Elon Musk's Grok AI Accuses Him of Going to Court for Pedophilia
OpenAI's New Board Members Are Now the Boss of Sam Altman (If They Want to Be)
Sudowrite Review: Can AI Write a Novel That Sounds Human?
[D] LLMs: intelligence or data leakage?
Using AI-related technologies can significantly enhance human cognition, finds study
OpenAI says its board can hold back the release of an AI model even if OpenAI's leadership says it's safe, and announces a new internal safety advisory group (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
AI Frontiers: A deep dive into deep learning with Ashley Llorens and Chris Bishop
OpenAI announces 'Preparedness Framework' to track and mitigate AI risks
How Artificial Intelligence Can Personalize Education
The age of weaponized LLMs is here
Many AI governance tools include faulty AI fixes, report finds
Data analytics company Alteryx says it has agreed to be acquired by PE firms Clearlake Capital and Insight Partners, in a deal valued at $4.4B including debt (Yuvraj Malik/Reuters)
RAG 101: Demystifying Retrieval-Augmented Generation Pipelines
AI-screened eye pics diagnose childhood autism with 100% accuracy
Mamba: Redefining Sequence Modeling and Outforming Transformers Architecture
ChatGPT's insane rise in one graphic
Hooks in React
After Dave Willner's July exit from OpenAI as the head of the trust and safety team, OpenAI has broken up the team, whose vetting process some devs called slow (Erin Woo/The Information)
Many options for running Mistral models in your terminal using LLM
Filing: a cyberattack hit VF Corp., owner of Vans, Supreme, JanSport, and The North Face, stealing customer data and impacting order fulfillment; VFC drops 6%+ (Carly Page/TechCrunch)
Big Four  accounting firm looks to AI to curb future mass layoffs
Data poisoning: How artists are sabotaging AI to take revenge on image generators
IBM Set to Acquire Data Integration Platforms webMethods and StreamSets for $2.3B
The Newbie's Guide to HTML
Research finds people struggle to identify AI from human art, but prefer human-made works
New Galaxy S24 Ultra leaks reveal 3 big upgrades - including on-board AI - and 1 drawback
Llama poop sparked 57% more plant growth in a part of the Andes that was barren and ravaged by climate change
New York City council member-elect used AI to answer questions
2023: What were your most memorable moments with and around Artificial Intelligence?
New Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra leaks reveal 3 big upgrades and 1 major drawback
Creating Dynamic Choropleth Visualizations Using Plotly
The Ultimate Guide to Training BERT from Scratch: Final Act
A Quick Guide to Iframes, Meta Tags, & HTML Best Practices
Company dragging feet over a raise. Is it time to find a new job?
Google AI Proposes PixelLLM: A Vision-Language Model Capable of Fine-Grained Localization and Vision-Language Alignment
Weekly Top Picks #56
Web Development in 2023: JavaScript Still Rules, AI Emerges
RAG 101: Retrieval-Augmented Generation Questions Answered
Stable Diffusion: Mastering the Art of Interior Design
OpenAI buffs safety team and gives board veto power on risky AI
2023 in Review: Recapping the Post-ChatGPT Era and What to Expect for 2024
Open-source training framework increases the speed of large language model pre-training when failures arise
Unlocking the Future: AI-Generated 3D Models
A car dealership added an AI chatbot to its site. Then all hell broke loose.
AI's memory-forming mechanism found to be strikingly similar to that of the brain
Quoting Mike McCue, CEO of Flipboard
What I've Learned By Building DEV Analytics Dashboard
Pakistan's ex-PM Imran Khan, in jail since August for allegedly leaking classified documents, uses AI from ElevenLabs to clone his voice for a campaign speech (Agence France-Presse)
Teaching AVs the Language of Human Driving Behavior with Trajeglish
With AI upgrade, Salesforce's Einstein Copilot will handle unstructured data
IBM to Acquire Two Enterprise Data Integration Platforms From Software AG
Trey Doig, CTO & Co-Founder at Pathlight   Interview Series
Accelerate Quantum Circuit Simulation with NVIDIA cuQuantum 23.10
Major apparel supplier behind North Face and Vans hit by cyberattack, disrupting its holiday fulfillments
Caching Jupyter Notebook Cells for Faster Reruns
Beslogic and Mila announce a partnership to propel innovation in artificial intelligence
Simulating Exoplanet Discoveries with Python
Big Tech's Year of Partnering Up With AI Startups
Highlights and Contributions From NeurIPS 2023
UC Berkeley's transformer-based robot control system generalizes to unseen environments
What Will 2024 Bring to Advance Analytics?
ByteDance AI Research Introduces StemGen: An End-to-End Music Generation Deep Learning Model Trained to Listen to Musical Context and Respond Appropriately
Pakistan's former prime minister is using an AI voice clone to campaign from prison
Google DeepMind Researchers Utilize Vision-Language Models to Transform Reward Generation in Reinforcement Learning for Generalist Agents
[meta] we should train a model which detects and rejects  enhance!  requests
Phi-2 is available for chat through LM Studio Beta
Stability AI Brings Out Image-to-3D and a New Membership Model
Top 7 AI features released by Google in 2023
The AI Landscape With Jerry Liu: Bridging RAG Systems, Documentation, and Multimodal Models
[D] Waiting 6+ months for peer review normal?
'Clinical-grade' AI stress detector doesn't work, study suggests
The World's First Transformer Supercomputer Etched into Silicon
Clearlake and Insight reach $4.4B deal to take software maker Alteryx private
Indian Startups Love Cockroach Labs
Four trends that changed AI in 2023
7 Incredible Musicians and Their AI Compositions
OpenAI is giving its board veto powers over Sam Altman
Testing the biological reasoning capabilities of large language models
This OpenAI Paper Explores Weak-to-Strong Generalization: A Key to Unlocking Superhuman AI's Full Capabilities
AI Clips
IT Survey Finds Enterprises Identify Automation and Generative AI as Top Business Priorities
learning Linux beneficial for data science/data management roles?
[P] XetCache: Caching Jupyter Notebook Cells in GitHub for faster reruns
Can machines ever be like us? Prof Michael Wooldridge on the future of AI   podcast
AI steps in as Imran Khan's voice for a virtual rally while he's locked up
Mistral AI to Open Source GPT-4 Level Model in 2024
In this age of LLMs, what kind of side projects in NLP would you truly appreciate?
Navigating cloud concentration and AI lock-in
Unveiling the Quantum-Machine Learning Conundrum: Can Barren Plateau-Free Models in Quantum Computing Be Efficiently Simulated Classically?
[P] Interested in Joining an Open Source Research Lab?
These six questions will dictate the future of generative AI
How Nutanix is Handling Healthcare Challenges in India
Mixtral, OpenAI and the race to bottom
India's LLM Battle: Ola's Krutrim vs Zoho
From Mistral's monster rounds to Luko's downfall: What happened in French tech in 2023?
Facebook Is Being Overrun With Stolen, AI-Generated Images That People Think Are Real
Meet TorchExplorer: A New Interactive Neural Network Visualizer
Pakistani politician deepfakes himself to deliver a speech from behind bars
We've made more money than we ever dreamed of. More than we need : RELEX Solutions's Johanna Smros
AIhub blogpost highlights 2023
A source and document shows RAND Corporation, backed by $15M from Dustin Moskovitz's effective altruism-focused Open Philanthropy, helped craft Biden's AI EO (Brendan Bordelon/Politico)
Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service is 2x More Expensive than Google Vertex AI
Enhancing domain generalization in the AI-based analysis of chest radiographs with federated learning
Expedia Uses WebSockets and Kafka to Query Near Real-Time Streaming Data
Japanese brewery using generative AI to dream up new beverages
Inside the first 'SEO heist' of the AI era
Evaluation of Synthetic Time Series
2023 was the year of generative AI. What can we expect in 2024?
Running Uncensored Large AI Language Models locally on Your Mobile Phone: Unleashing the Potential of Dolphin Mistral 7B
Adobe Has $6 Billion for AI and Buybacks After Figma Deal Collapses
Korus
Kaiser Permanente sponsors demonstrations of AI, ML in health care
Google Bard now supports Japanese, Korean for extensions, and Replit export for 18 programming languages
A Guide to 21 Feature Importance Methods and Packages in Machine Learning (with Code)
An AI-driven influence operation is spreading pro-China propaganda across YouTube
Thai Tycoons Seen Ramping Up Overseas Investments Again
How OpenAI aims to prevent catastrophic AI risks
Gaudi3 is Intel's Last Hope
Microsoft Launches GPT-RAG: A Machine Learning Library that Provides an Enterprise-Grade Reference Architecture for the Production Deployment of LLMs Using the RAG Pattern on Azure OpenAI
Marissa Mayer on 2024: I knew AI was going to change everything, and I'm excited to see where it goes next
IDE Extension for AWS Application Composer
TomTom and Microsoft team up to bring generative AI to automobiles
Rask AI Breaks New Ground with Innovative Lip-Sync Multi-Speaker Feature: A Leap Forward in Digital Communication
AIM Top Ranked PG Data Science Programs (Online/Hybrid)   2023
The future is here! The future is AI powered Automation
Just cleaning, mam!
Adobe's failed Figma deals leaves the company with ~$6B in cash to invest in AI and stock buybacks, but upstart rivals still represent a threat to its growth (Bloomberg)
Edge 353: A New Series About Reasoning in Foundation Models
An AI Haunted World
Ethics, governance and data for good at the AI & Big Data Expo
Creating a University Data Science Club
Amazon Sellers Say Misleading AI Product Reviews Threaten Sales
AI Disruption in 2023: Navigating Enterprise Futures
Do you do data science work with complex numbers?
Top 10 Programming Languages on GitHub in 2023
10 universities in Ireland team up to foster medical breakthroughs
Visualizing AI and Tech Hype Using Google Trends
Startup Shutdowns and AI Showdowns: the 2023 chronicles
Fine-Tuning for Chat: Enhancing AI-Powered Conversations
How one simple metric could change computer vision forever
Tech to transform human-machine interaction with brain data wins  30M
Photonic Computing Startup Lightmatter Hits $1.2 Billion Valuation
People buy brand-new Chevrolets for $1 from a ChatGPT chatbot
Raw Data to Interactive Maps in the Blink of an Eye with GPT4 Prompting
7 Image APIs To Use On Your Product In 2023
An analysis of Amazon's AI review summaries shows they sometimes mischaracterize products or exaggerate negative feedback, which sellers say can threaten sales (Spencer Soper/Bloomberg)
Is Software and Hardware Ready for TinyML Tsunami?
Simulations illuminate the path to post-event traffic flow
The Download: the AI Edition
I tested the Whoop 4.0 band with its ChatGPT-like fitness coach, and the results blew me away
Nvidia workers warned CEO Jensen Huang that AI might be harmful to minorities. One was so dissatisfied with his response that she quit shortly after.
[D] What's your opinions on using prompt auto-tune tools
This Study from Meta GenAI Proposes a Groundbreaking Quantization Strategy for Enhancing Latent Diffusion Models Using SQNR Metrics
Knowledge Series #17: Payment terminology explained
Microsoft Announces Small Language Model Phi-2
Don't worry, Bill Gates hasn't fully figured out how to use AI at work either
A blueprint for equitable, ethical AI research
AI Policy Research That Matters   CAIDP Policy Clinic Review
AI-Automated Cybersecurity: What to Automate?
Jerry Liu on Mastering AI: Unpacking RAG and the Future of Multimodal Models
OpenAI OpenAI Grants Board Veto Power and Forms in Generative AI Safety Advisory Group
TomTom and Microsoft develop in-vehicle AI voice assistant
MIT Chemists Created a Machine Learning Model that can Predict the Structures Formed when a Chemical Reaction Reaches its Point of no Return
AI & Big Data Expo: Maximising value from real-time data streams
Bill Gates thinks AI will radically transform jobs, healthcare, and education. These are his predictions for the year ahead.
Improving a robot's self-awareness by giving it proprioception
8 predictions for AI in 2024
How many hours do you work a day? When do you and what time are you done?
Dog cancer treatment ImpriMed aims to expand its AI technology into human oncology
OpenAI Plays Catch-Up with Anthropic on Calculating Catastrophic AI Risks
I live in a Canadian town where hundreds of Hallmark movies are filmed. From roaming peacocks to fake snow, here's what it's like.
Boston-based Lightmatter, which uses light for AI computing, adds $155M led by GV to its $154M Series C at a $1.2B valuation, taking its total funding to $420M+ (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
Silicon Valley's Quest to Live Forever Has Many Warring Factions
Galaxy S24 series leak details RAM, storage, and more specs
19 Years of CP Gurnani
[R] ReST meets ReAct: Self-Improvement for Multi-Step Reasoning LLM Agent
Hitch integrates generative AI into Immutable Miniverse NFTs
5 Cheap Books to Master Data Science
What big data says about stakeholder management
AI Robot Outmaneuvers Humans in Maze Run Breakthrough
Indian AI Startups Rival Global Giants
AI adds new fuel to autonomous enterprises, but don't write off humans
Q&A with Andrew Ng, a Google Brain cofounder, Stanford professor, ex-Baidu executive, and investor, on AI models, training, regulation, Big Tech, and Biden's EO (Ryan McMorrow/Financial Times)
[D] Resources on MLE and MLOps?
Security first in software? AI may help make this an everyday practice
Microsoft's Semantic Kernel SDK Ships with AI Agents, Plugins, Planners and Personas
Microsoft's Copilot can now generate AI songs
[P] Kubernetes plugin for mounting datasets to speed up model training
Researchers from CMU and Microsoft Introduce TinyGSM: A Synthetic Dataset Containing GSM8K-Style Math Word Problems Paired with Python Solutions
Alteryx Set to Acquired for $4.4B by Private Equity Firms Clearlake and Insight Partners
Google plans to limit the types of election-related queries Bard and SGE can return responses for, starting in early 2024, to prepare for elections worldwide (Brady Snyder/Android Central)
Dutch Fintech Bunq Offers AI Chat Tool After Data Hiring Spree
Google DeepMind Unveils Imagen-2: A Super Advanced Text-to-Image Diffusion Technology
Rite Aid Banned From AI Facial Recognition by FTC After Misuse
How Do Inherently Interpretable AI Models Work?   GAMINET
Master Prompt Engineering with OpenAI
How AI can help journalists find diverse and original sources
How CISOs Can Enable Productization of Valuable Data Assets
Google Gemini is not even as good as GPT-3.5 Turbo, researchers find
Creating and Inputting YouTube video subtitles with Python
How to run most Gradio powered HuggingFace Space in Paperspace Notebooks
Running Airflow DAG Only If Another DAG Is Successful
Study explores how people perceive and declare their authorship of artificially generated texts
Master & Dynamic's new Headphones Will Use Neural Sensors to Help You Focus
AI-powered  SEO Heist : Copying website loses significant Google traffic
Rite Aid hit with five-year facial recognition ban over 'reckless' use
NewsGuard: since May 2023, websites hosting AI-created fake news articles have grown from 49 to 600+; some post  hundreds if not thousands of articles  per day (Pranshu Verma/Washington Post)
What Happens if Russia Catches Up in the AI Race?
Thai Bank Paves Way for Firms to Tap Digital Tokens for Funding
Least-Squares Concept Erasure with Oracle Concept Labels
How Airflow 2.8 Makes Building and Running Data Pipelines Easier
A Chevy for $1? Car dealer chatbots show perils of AI for customer service
The AI behind ChatGPT is bringing this toy to life
VideoPoet: A large language model for zero-shot video generation
Revolutionizing Physical Skills: AI Robot Surpasses Human Ability in Labyrinth Marble Game
Axel Springer and OpenAI license agreement is worth  tens of millions of euros  per year
Stability AI announces paid membership for commercial use of its models
Meet Finn   bunq's new GenAI chatbot
You can create your own AI songs with this new Copilot extension
Harvey, which builds generative AI tools for law firms, raised a $80M Series B co-led by Elad Gil and Kleiner Perkins at a $715M valuation (Isabel Gottlieb/Bloomberg Law)
Patronus AI finds 'alarming' safety gaps in leading AI systems
Magic: The Gathering Formally Bans the Use of Generative AI in 'Final' Products
Top 7 AI Predictions for 2024
How do you keep track of code used for one-shot experiments and analysis?
The US job market is so discouraging.
Q&A: Alexa, am I happy? How AI emotion recognition falls short
Gardin is using generative AI and synthetic data to drive plant growth &mdash; here's how
Cute carvings of dogs made by chainsaw artists are flooding Facebook Pages &mdash; turns out, they're AI-generated
I'd like to caution people against working for Home Depot
Can an LLM Replace a FinTech Manager? Comprehensive Guide to Develop a GPU-Free AI Tool for Corpo
Stimulus Keyboard Event Filter
Renv with Docker: How to Dockerize a Shiny Application with an Reproducible Environment
How to get a shareable link to a ChatGPT conversation
Behind the scenes: How AI is used at Amazon warehouses
[R] Frugal LMs Trained to Invoke Symbolic Solvers Achieve Parameter-Efficient Arithmetic Reasoning
Forging the Future of Blockchain Development (with Ruby)
Cory Doctorow Blasts AI as a Fraud-Filled Bubble
Parallax in Email with fallback - HTML Email Experiment
In search of the missing piece of generative AI: Unstructured data
Stability AI debuts Stability AI Membership, with free, $20/month, and custom pricing enterprise tiers, limiting the commercial use of models to the paid tiers (Emilia David/The Verge)
Will AI kill us? Or will it help us?
Breakthrough in Functional Annotation with HiFi-NN
Duet AI in Google Workspace can help with your holiday errands. Here's how
Seeking a New Paradigm in AI Benchmarking
Microsoft Copilot can now compose songs, due to a new integration with generative AI music app Suno (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Lenovo's 60% Rally May Extend as AI Adds to Optimism
EU to expand support for AI startups to tap its supercomputers for model training
Source: Google plans to reorganize a big part of its 30,000-person ad sales unit, as the company increases its reliance on ML to help customers buy more ads (Jon Victor/The Information)
Microsoft Copilot gets a music creation feature via Suno integration
Mistral AI's New Language Model Aims for Open Source Supremacy
Gaussian Head Avatars: A Summary
OpenAI unveils new safety plan for frontier AI models. How it'll impact future development
This Paper Proposes RWKV: A New AI Approach that Combines the Efficient Parallelizable Training of Transformers with the Efficient Inference of Recurrent Neural Networks
Runway launches two new video AI features and a  general world model  research initiative
Google Researchers Unveil ReAct-Style LLM Agent: A Leap Forward in AI for Complex Question-Answering with Continuous Self-Improvement
A look at South Korea's AI industry, one of the world's most competitive and diverse, as startups train on Korean language and culture to compete with US giants (John Yoon/New York Times)
New generative AI-powered SaaS security expert from AppOmni
AI Can't Be Named as Inventor for Patents, UK's Top Court Rules
Information Extraction with Google Gemini
AI Innovations with Swiss Ambassador, Swiss AI Companies, Fireside Chats
A Simple Guide to Running LlaMA 2 Locally
Standigm named as a Tech Innovator in Generative AI in Drug Discovery
Media monitoring and analytics firm Meltwater raises ~$65M from PE firm Verdane for an 11% stake at a $592M valuation, down from $1B+ valuation in December 2020 (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
This AI Paper Unveils Point Transformer V3 (PTv3): A Leap Forward in Efficient and Scalable Point Cloud Processing
Devfest Dijon 2023
Large AI Dataset Has Over 1,000 Child Abuse Images, Researchers Find
Apple Smoothly Crafts 'Mouse Traps' for Humans
ChatGPT and its AI chatbot cousins ruled 2023: 4 essential reads that puncture the hype
Stanford researchers: LAION-5B, a dataset of 5B images used by Stability AI and others, contains 1,008 instances of CSAM, possibly helping to create AI CSAM (Bloomberg)
Google Unveils VideoPoet, a New LLM for Video Generation
Beyond the Media's Hype: The Boring Mundane Task Being Revolutionized By AI
Linnk.AI
Cushman & Wakefield's CIO believes in embracing AI to manage buildings, serve landlords, and help tenants
AI cannot be named as patent 'inventor', UK supreme court rules
SquirrelML: Predicting Squirrel Approach in NYC's Central Park
Chinese Chip Gear Leader Achieves Key Breakthrough, Backer Says
Above the Trend Line    Your Industry Rumor Central for 12/20/2023
Praised for building good models yesterday but got fired today.
Certifications to get as an AI/ML Engineer
A high schooler's award-winning algorithm could help Elon Musk's company Neuralink and pave the way for neural implants that never need replacing
Microsoft Copilot users can now turn any idea into a song using AI
Researchers say AI robot CyberRunner outmaneuvers humans in the maze game Labyrinth, in a breakthrough for AI beating humans at direct physical applications (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
[P] A transformer-based network model for pitch detection
OpenAI Teases GPT-V
The UK Supreme Court rules that AI can't be a patent  inventor , rejecting a bid to register patents by US computer scientist Stephen Thaler, in a landmark case (Sam Tobin/Reuters)
AI beats humans for the first time in physical skill game
The top 12 people in artificial-intelligence policy, ethics, and research
Ensuring Correct Use of Transformers in Scikit-learn Pipelines
Apple Optimises LLMs for Edge Use Cases
You Can't Step in the Same River Twice
AI can't be patent 'inventor,' U.K. Supreme Court rules
Torii's Generative AI-Powered SMP named #1 by G2 Reports
Arrcus joins the Ultra Ethernet Consortium
Congressional candidate becomes the first in the world to use an AI robot to call voters
These minuscule pixels are poised to take augmented reality by storm
Breaking Barriers: Chat with PDF Made Easy with Walles.AI
LangChain, Redis Collaborate to Create a Tool to Improve Accuracy in Financial Document Analysis
Google Brain co-founder tests AI doomsday threat by trying to get ChatGPT to kill everyone
The Ultimate Satellite Internet Showdown: Kuiper vs Starlink
Hugging Face's Philipp Schmid on Rethinking AI Evaluation
Stability AI launches paid membership for commercial model use
Insulting promotion or should I be thankful?
Google Brain co-founder says he tried to get ChatGPT to 'kill us all' but is 'happy to report' that he failed to trigger a doomsday scenario
FICO EVP of Software: Building an AI Platform in Financial Services
[D] I don't understand why Physics Informed Neural Networks (PINNs) are an area of Research
The TRADE predictions series 2024: Artificial intelligence
Top 8 Vernacular Language Models Based on  Llama 2
Computational event-driven vision sensors that convert motion into spiking signals
Folding Paper.
AIhub monthly digest: December 2023   attending NeurIPS, generating 3d models of blood vessels, and the Wizard of AI
10 Windows 11 AI features you can use today
[R] Your Student is Better Than Expected: Adaptive Teacher-Student Collaboration for Text-Conditional Diffusion Models
Language I/O names Sheridan Orr CMO amid rapid growth
5 Interesting Startup Deals You May Have Missed This Year
hello world
TNW Podcast: Erika Cheung on ethics in entrepreneurship; AI hallucinations in EU politics; Axel Springer + OpenAI
LogoFast
2D Materials Show Promise in AI Chips of the Future
QR code attacks probably aren't coming for your scan-to-order menus
Researchers found child abuse material in the largest AI image generation dataset
5 Reason to Learn AI Risk Management in 2024
FTC bans Rite Aid from using AI facial recognition in stores for 5 years
From Raw to Refined: A Journey Through Data Preprocessing   Part 4: Data Encoding
Tech Mahindra Completes Project Indus, to Launch Soon
Unlocking the Power of Large Language Models with Kel: Enhancing Workflow and Productivity
How close are we to peak AI?
Windows get AI Music Copilot
Researchers from Nanyang Technological University Revolutionize Diffusion-based Video Generation with FreeInit: A Novel AI Approach to Overcome Temporal Inconsistencies in Diffusion Models
Reduce the costs of GPT-4 with prompt compression
How to create stickers on the iPhone with your photos on iOS 17
Cerence and Nvidia Debut Automotive Large Language Model CaLLM to Power New Generative AI Features
[D] Mistral received funding and is worth billions now. Are open source LLMs the future?
State-space LLMs: Do we need Attention?
How  Towards AI  detects AI Generated Articles
GFlowNets: AI at the service of scientific discovery
How to use AI for content creation and digital marketing, according to creators
Google Brain cofounder says comparing the risk of AI and nuclear weapons is 'insane'
Fairness in AI: Navigating Complex Ethical AI Dilemmas with Beena Ammanath
PowerInfer: 11x Speed up LLM Inference On a Local GPU
InfoQ Dev Summit in Boston: Two Days of Talks for Senior Developers
From prompt attacks to data leaks, LLMs offer new capabilities and new threats
Building AR face masks in React Native
AI Image Dataset is Pulled After Child Sex Abuse Pictures Discovered
7 Reasons Why You're Struggling to Land a Data Science Job
UK Supreme Court rules AI can't be a patent inventor, 'must be a natural person'
Stingy Banks Open Their Wallets to Microsoft's AI; Automation Comes For Google's Salespeople
Transformative achievements of deep learning have led several scholars to ask 'can AI think like a human?'
Auto Dealership Deploys AI Chatbot That Offers Chevrolets for $1 Each
The 10 AI Most Used by Devs in 2023 (by StackOverflow)
Top 10 for all developers
Codenotary introduces Trustcenter 4.0 with New ML Guided Search Engine
2023 at AssemblyAI - A Year in Review
Dense X Retrieval Technique in Langchain and LlamaIndex
A flexible solution to help artists improve animation draws on 200-year-old geometric foundations
VERSES AI's Breakthrough: A New Path to AGI Challenges OpenAI, Calls for Collaboration
AI Can Diagnose Childhood Autism From Eye Photos With '100% Accuracy'
Dealing with MRI and Deep Learning with Python
LLM in a flash: Efficient Large Language Model Inference with Limited Memory [R]
Do companies have ethical guidelines for AI use? 56% of professionals are unsure, survey says
Top 10 tech stories of 2023:
Financial Machine Learning
A guide to navigating the next-generation robotics wave
Large language models repeat conspiracy theories and other forms of misinformation, research finds
Scary AI Can Look at Photos and Figure Out Exactly Where They Were Taken
Database Powering Google's AI Pulled Down After It's Found to Contain Child Sexual Abuse
Using Server-less Functions to Govern and Monitor Cloud-Based Training Experiments
Connectivity Revolution: How 5G is Reshaping the Future of Manufacturing
Changing face of invention in the age of AI
Artificially intelligent 'Coscientist' automates scientific discovery
[Original Creation] A small meme-post about ReLu activation
Just Released: cuBLASMp
Research Focus: Week of December 18, 2023
Starlink rival Hughes introduces 100 Mbps satellite Internet service
New brain-like transistor performs energy-efficient associative learning at room temperature
AI image training dataset found to include child sexual abuse imagery
The UK Supreme Court's Landmark Ruling on AI and Patent Law
AI Cannot Be Inventors on Patents, UK Supreme Court Rules
Study shows AI image-generators being trained on explicit photos of children
Fear's Neural Hallmarks Make AI Drive More Safely
Nabla launched Nabla Copilot Spanish Language option
Rethinking Reproducibility As the New Frontier in AI Research
Anthropic extends copyright protection and improves API for customers
A Simple CI/CD Setup for ML Projects
A free AI image dataset, removed for child sex abuse images, has come under fire before
How to Use Guardrails to Design Safe and Trustworthy AI
[R] General Object Foundation Model for Images and Videos at Scale
Using AI, MIT researchers identify a new class of antibiotic candidates
Mixtral 8x7B, The New World's Best Pound-For-Pound AI
Jay Madheswaran, Founder & CEO of Eve   Interview Series
Open-source automated camera calibration in a GUI: pyxy3d
New Class of Antibiotics Discovered Using AI
The Best Data Science Resources, Bootcamp, and Courses to Learn Data Science in the New Year
echo3D Uses AI to Streamline 3D Asset Management
Not A/B Testing Everything is Fine
AI discovers new class of antibiotics to kill drug-resistant bacteria
I went to Microsoft to talk about AI. I'm still a little startled (but hopeful too)
Study uncovers presence of CSAM in popular AI training dataset
What's going on in the Zilliz Universe? December 2023
Open Source Advent
Watch an AI robot learn how to demolish humans at a marble maze game
AI image generators trained on pictures of child sexual abuse, study finds
With AI Advertising, Nothing Is Real | AI Unlocked
The year of Taylor Swift is ending, but a new era is just beginning - and it could be more powerful than AI
Americans May Be Taking on Too Much Pay-Later 'Phantom Debt'
Fulfillment is still hot, as GreyOrange raises $135M
Maximizing NLP Capabilities with Large Language Models
Intro to Docker Containers for Data Scientists
TikTok Users are Expanding Their Photos With AI
Using Vega-Lite for Data Visualization
Exploring the Unknown, Together: 2023 at Cohere For AI
This AI Research from Apple Unveils a Breakthrough in Running Large Language Models on Devices with Limited Memory
After analyzing 7.14M miles driven, Waymo claims its autonomous driving system had an 85% reduction in injury-causing crash rates compared to human benchmarks (Andrew J. Hawkins/The Verge)
Artificial intelligence is accelerating the recruitment process &mdash; but tech leaders warn of bias and other risks
Tech Shifts: Sasha Luccioni Critiques the Marketing Noise Around GenAI
We are safe for now...
How one construction company is using AI to make workers more safe
DeepMind's Highly Capable Multimodal Model Gemin Reaches Human-Expert Level
Anthropic in Talks to Raise $750 Million, Led by Menlo Ventures
Why Le Cam equation is not popular but very useful ? [R]
Generative AI: Security Risks and Strategic Opportunities
Django Query Expressions F()
Most big brands haven't yet created AI-specific roles despite many marketers fearing AI will change their jobs; Coca-Cola promoted two execs to new AI roles (Patrick Coffee/Wall Street Journal)
How would you go about the process of clustering something that looks like this?
Enterprise AI Governance
Cyber Security Trends to Watch in Australia in 2024
Fujitsu Will Quicken Aircon Sale to Power $5 Billion AI Push
Prompt Engineering with Serverless AI
What Is Data Analysis and How Can You Get Started?
Coding Excercise question
OpenAI competitor Anthropic seeks $15 billion valuation in new funding round
Rite Aid hit with a five-year freeze on facial recognition
Just got laid off as I was heading the management path
How does Deep learning on web work ?
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 11/12 to 17/12
Aprimorando as respostas do ChatGPT com prompts estratgicos
Apple's latest AI research could completely transform your iPhone
OpenAI Begins Tackling ChatGPT Data Leak Vulnerability
Getting Started with Prompt Engineering
CMU Study Shows Gemini Pro Trails GPT-3.5 and GPT-4 in Performance Benchmarks
Intel CEO laments Nvidia's 'extraordinarily lucky' AI dominance
Mystery of Raphael masterpiece may have been solved by Bradford-made AI
Transcript: Does Musk's AI Chatbot Have  the Woke Mind Virus?
The Impact of AI on Writing Code
A New Research from Google DeepMind Challenges the Effectiveness of Unsupervised Machine Learning Methods in Knowledge Elicitation from Large Language Models
E.U. Reaches Deal on Landmark AI Bill, Racing Ahead of U.S.
How will AI be used in education?
AI Models Are Tragic Slaves of Their Sublime Predictive Accuracy
Efficient Data Import into MySQL and PostgreSQL: Mastering Command-Line Techniques
Q&amp;A: Looking Back to When 1997's Quake II Got a Path Tracing Update
AI copyright debate continues as UK Supreme Court rules against AI inventor
Test and cover your code today!
AI bots lack human touch to be inventors, UK top court rules
Machine Learning is Not All You Need: A Case Study on Signature Detection
Apple AI researchers publish papers on using human gaussian splats to generate animated 3D avatars and deploying LLMs on devices with limited memory (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Q&amp;A: Real-Time Ray Tracing in a Cinematic Scene
Top 7 Cybersecurity Threats for 2024
Google Research Introduces VideoPoet: A Large Language Model for Zero-Shot Video Generation
Generative AI Playbook For Architects, IT Leaders & CXOs
The Simulation by Fable open sources AI tool to power Westworlds of the future
Anthropic to Raise $750 Mn in Series C from Menlo Ventures to Outshine OpenAI
Alexey Artemov: The Retail Industry Will Be Disrupted Thanks to Data Governance Solutions
State of the Art Prompt Builder with AiConfig
Next Frontier in Conversational AI: Large Language Models
11 Exciting Indian AI Startups to Watch Out for in 2024
Northwestern Researchers have Developed a Deep Learning Approach that is Capable of Identifying the Location where a Genetic Process called Polyadenylation Occurs on the Genome
Google's new  multimodal AI video generator VideoPoet looks incredible
VideoPoet: Google's latest large language model generates videos
Beyond English: Implementing a multilingual RAG solution
Anthropic to Raise $750 Million in Menlo Ventures-Led Deal
Dr. Change
Microsoft Copilot can write songs for you now. Here's how to try it
[P] I built an open SotA image tagging model to do what CLIP won't
[R] Experiments fine-tuning Mamba 130m on the SQuAD Question Answering dataset
AI discovers new class of antibiotics to kill drug-resistant bacteria: This could help in the battle against antibiotic resistance, which was responsible for killing more than 1.2 million people in 2019
Sources: Anthropic is in talks to raise $750M in a round led by Menlo Ventures at a $15B valuation, tripling from spring 2023; its final valuation may top $18B (The Information)
Playground for Generative AI
Worldcoin In, Captcha Out
A new group at Amazon is helping customers including PGA Tour and Bridgewater make generative-AI applications
Data Science Career Paths, Skills, and Special Projects: Our Best Reads of 2023
VCs Are Acting Strangely in OpenAI and Anthropic Deals
America's Big AI Safety Plan Faces a Budget Crunch
Meet Amphion: An Open-Source Audio, Music and Speech Generation AI Toolkit
How to Build Trust in Artificial Intelligence
Scrutiny of OpenAI and Microsoft relationship could affect how AI industry grows and innovates
Robust Intelligence selected as AI security partner for NEC's new LLM
Interviewing Tri Dao and Michael Poli of Together AI on the future of LLM architectures
Vivek Ramaswamy Belives that Human Response to AI Poses Greatest Risk
Salesforce's Newest Bull Predicts AI Will Send Stock to Record
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/21/2023
Waymo says data shows its robotaxis are much safer than cars driven by humans
UK Supreme Court rules AI cannot be recognized as an inventor in patent case
Unleashing Generative AI Capabilities: The Power of Large Language Models Explained
Why AI is Not a Job Threat, but a Catalyst for Professional Evolution
How to correctly use sklearn Transformers in a Pipeline
Teen Who Leaked 'Grand Theft Auto VI' as Part of Lapsus$ Gang Put in Secure Hospital by UK Judge
Backed by Schmidt Futures, Cloudline raises $6M to take aerial autonomy green and mainstream
OpenAI RAG vs. Your Customized RAG: Which One Is Better?
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #6
This Same Bizarre AI Image Keep Getting Shared on Facebook
I truly hate how toxic and condescending the Data Science industry is
Latvian medtech startup Sentante secures  6M  for its teleoperated robotics
An Influential AI Dataset Contains Thousands of Suspected Child Sexual Abuse Images
Opinion on X2Vec Papers[D]
Pulitzer-winning authors join OpenAI, Microsoft copyright lawsuit
Introducing GPT Crawler - Turn Any Site Into a Custom GPT With Just a URL
Meet G-LLaVA: The Game-Changer in Geometric Problem Solving and Surpasses GPT-4-V with the Innovative Geo170K Dataset
6 Common Mistakes to Avoid in Data Science Code
New York's attorney general says SiriusXM's annoying cancellation process is actually illegal
Apple wants AI to run directly on its hardware instead of in the cloud
Databricks Named a Leader in 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant  for Cloud Database Management Systems
Why Reskilling and Upskilling are Imperative in the AI Era
Lithuanian medtech startup Sentante secures  6M  for its teleoperated robotics
Humanoid Robots With Artificial Intelligence Have a Long Way to Go
Build AI developer that makes pull requests for you
Employers must help workers keep pace with the AI revolution
Run 2x Larger AI Models in Limited Memory
AI could improve your life by removing bottlenecks between what you want and what you get
2023 in Review: 10 Events that Transformed AI
Leveraging language models for fusion energy research
Mastering AVs' High Compute-Low Power Trick
The Download: recreating the early internet, and 2023 in climate data
Google Gemini Pro falls behind free ChatGPT, says study
Midjourney v6 is now available for alpha testing
Anthropic Builds Methods for Reducing Bias in Generative AI   But Doesn't Recommend AI for High-Stakes Decisions
Pushing ChatGPT's Structured Data Support To Its Limits
LangChain State of AI 2023
Evan Blass leaks an purported countdown to Galaxy Unpacked on January 17, which says  Galaxy AI is coming , and a spec sheet for the Galaxy S24, Plus, and Ultra (Jon Porter/The Verge)
Ask Sophie: Is it easier yet for AI founders to get green cards?
No, AI cannot be named as an inventor, UK Supreme Court says
Taking a Director of Data Science Position from First Company
Evaluating Methods for Calculating Document Similarity
What's the Current State-of-the-Art Model for Predicting Big Five Personality Traits from Text?
[D] Removed 50% of the weights from a top leaderboard LLM without negatively impacting the evals
Briefing: GA4 simplified, Spotify leaks, Copilot songs
Journalists Had 'No Idea' About OpenAI's Deal to Use Their Stories
This AI Paper from Alibaba Unveils SCEdit: Revolutionizing Image Diffusion Models with Skip Connection Tuning for Enhanced Text-to-Image Generation
Easily Integrate LLMs into Your Scikit-learn Workflow with Scikit-LLM
10 Best FREE AI Image Resizer Tools
The Machine Ethics Podcast: Work, wellness and creativity with Harriet Pellereau
Top 5 Vector Database Videos of 2023
Midjourney v6 Adds Text and Delivers More Realistic Results
A UK judge sentences Arion Kurtaj, the 18-year-old who leaked GTA VI code and hacked Nvidia, to a secure hospital until a mental health tribunal lets him leave (Katharine Gemmell/Bloomberg)
Announcing ODSC's Ai X Podcast, Starting With RAG for LLM-Powered Apps, and RAG vs Finetuning
[P] the Decimator, or how to plot a lot of points
How EU funded projects can help AI startups
EU Moves Forward With New Rules for AI
CrewAI Unleashed: Future of AI Agent Teams
Beginner's Guide to Pandas
Semrush Review: The Best SEO Tool to Increase Your Traffic?
There's no slowing the green transition in 2024
Streamlining Serverless ML Inference: Unleashing Candle Framework's Power in Rust
Google might already be replacing some Ad sales jobs with AI
Exploring Google DeepMind's New Gemini: What's the Buzz All About?
Socure eliminates more than 200K synthetic identities in 2023
Anthropic Could Be Headed for an OpenAI-Style Showdown
Thank you for the advice on my manager! I'm finally switching teams!
How Does the UNet Encoder Transform Diffusion Models? This AI Paper Explores Its Impact on Image and Video Generation Speed and Quality
Anthropic Reportedly In Talks To Raise $750M At $18B-Plus Valuation
I tried X's 'anti-woke' Grok AI chatbot. The results were the opposite of what I expected
AI-Driven Transformation in Clinical Document Parsing: Enhancing Heart Failure Diagnosis
[D] Deep dive into the MMLU ( Are you smarter than an LLM? )
Elden Ring has a  Symphonic Adventure  coming to Europe in 2024
Sensi.AI strengthens leadership with new Business Development Exec
Google Cloud's Cybersecurity Predictions of 2024 and Look Back at 2023
Propelled by 'science for humanity,' this Chinese AI startup sets sight on US
Scientists Say Their New AI Can Predict When You're Going to Die
My Amazon Economist Interview
Apple research reveals some dazzling AI tech could be headed to your iPhone
Quickly Evaluate your RAG Without Manually Labeling Test Data
Should notebooks follow software engineering best practices?
Against pseudanthropy
2024 is world's biggest election year ever and AI experts say we're not prepared
Business Analytics with LangChain and LLMs
AI-Powered Pull Requests: CodiumAI vs GitHub Copilot
AI study shows Raphael painting was not entirely the master's work
Gundam: Witch From Mercury Director Makes It Clear: They're Wives, Your Honor
Data Management Predictions for 2024
ChatGPT Ends The Year With A Long List of New Competitors
Creator Economy Year In Review 2023
ASML Ships First Parts of New High-End Machine to Intel US Plant
Mini book: The InfoQ Trends Reports 2023 eMag
Researchers find child abuse images in training data for AI image generators
Intel wants to run AI on CPUs and says its 5th-gen Xeons are ones to do it
MIT Researchers Leverage AI To Identify Antibiotic That Can Kill Drug-Resistant Bacteria
Here's How to Get Midjourney's Incredible V6 Upgrade Working Before It's Gone
Spatial Data and AI: The Next Frontier in Technological Innovation with Paul Copplestone
Levenshtein Distance: A Powerful Algorithm for String Comparison
Should India Regulate Foundational Models Akin to the EU?
Integrating NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM with the Databricks Inference Stack
Cultivating Data Integrity in Data Science with Pandera
The 11 Big Trades of 2023: From Market Busts to Career-Making Wins
Ignition's new funding fuels expansion of AI-powered sales and marketing platform
Researchers from Apple Unveil DataComp: A Groundbreaking 12.8 Billion Image-Text Pair Dataset for Advanced Machine Learning Model Development and Benchmarking
A Business Lens on Precision and Recall
Revisiting the Death of Data Science
How to build a contact centre for your startup   with AI
Need feedback on my CV
The 5 steps to master generative AI governance: Exclusive event for executives
Meta CTO Andrew Bosworth thinks people will get used to deepfakes
Revolutionizing Financial Services: Advanced Strategies for Product Optimization
How the Guardian covered 2023, with Kath Viner   Full Story podcast
The US and its allies are tinkering with AI to help do some of the most complex naval operations
How can I learn to write simpler code?
This AI Report Delves into 'Autonomous Replication and Adaptation' (ARA): Unpacking the Future Capabilities of Language Model Agents
Meta's LLM Llama Guard is now available via AWS
ImpriMed, which builds AI-powered drug response prediction tech to help treat cancer in dogs and cats, raised a $23M Series A led by SoftBank Ventures Asia (Kate Park/TechCrunch)
Prompt Engineering Could Be the Hottest Programming Language of 2024   Here's Why
This Week's Most Read: OpenAI's Tips for Writing Better Prompts
Researchers from Kyung Hee University and Nota Unveil MobileSAMv2: A Breakthrough in Efficient and Rapid Image Segmentation
Is Everyone in data science a mathematician
Chatty robot helps seniors fight loneliness through AI companionship
Chatbots may live in the cloud, but they're powered by massive concrete boxes   and they're coming to a town near you
OpenAI now lets you archive your ChatGPT chats
Inside Chain of Code: Google DeepMind Method that can Reason in Code
How to Build Your First Semantic Search System: My Step-by-Step Guide with Code
Be well, citizen
Stable Video Diffusion is now available through Stability AI API
This AI Research from Cohere AI Introduces the Mixture of Vectors (MoV) and Mixture of LoRA (MoLORA) to Mitigate the Challenges Associated with Scaling Instruction-Tuned LLMs at Scale
So Perplexity Ai is by far the most dangerous Ai platform today. It offers an 'uncensored' model for free, you don't even need to login. It can do some insane things. Here's detailed instructions for building a self optimizing spearfishing system u
Fireside Friday with. Broadridge LTX's Jim Kwiatkowski
Midjourney v6
8 Hyperrealistic Images using Midjourney V6
Understanding the Multiple Layers of Data Management Enabling Products
Accenture's Gen AI Numbers Signal Shift for Indian IT
Backpropagation
What are some of the most  confidently incorrect  data science opinions you have heard?
How to Create a Simple GIS Map with Plotly and Streamlit
What is UI 2.0? Netlify CEO Matt Biilmann explains
'Instability and Chaos': What SVB and OpenAI Taught Us
I'm torn between RL and CV, which one is better for finding research position at big companies?
How to Center Text, Build Buttons, and Create Mobile Responsive Images
Anthropic is in Talks for another $750 Million in Funding and a 4.5x Rise in Valuation
AI's meteoric rise: boundless opportunities ahead, but implementation is key
Trends to Watch: The Impact of AI on Startups Across Industries in 2024
The Future of Resumes: Craft Your Interactive Resume Web App
SAP CTO Juergen Mueller on 2024: The worst thing for AI would be if only a few know how to use it
Unveiling the Mysteries of GPT-3: A Deep Dive into Its Responses to Sensitive Topics, Misconceptions, and Controversial Statements
Q&A with Meta CTO Andrew Bosworth on how generative AI is reshaping Meta, facial recognition, regulations, open source, Llama, AGI, recruiting, and more (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
The top 5 people in artificial-intelligence sustainability
AI holidays 2023
Elon Musk said one of his goals for Grok is to make it the 'funniest' AI chatbot around
18-year-old hacker behind GTA VI leak sentenced to life in secure hospital facility
Hallmark-style holiday markets are tiny examples of how much better our cities could be
Dell expects quantum computing and generative AI to link in 2024
[News] Apple Researchers Unveil DeepPCR: A Novel Machine Learning Algorithm that Parallelizes Typically Sequential Operations in Order to Speed Up Inference and Training of Neural Networks
Avoid FOMO: 4 Key Steps to Implementing Generative AI
OpenAI's ChatGPT can help novice users write code. Here are the best prompts to use, according to experts.
Stanford Finds Abusive Child Imagery in LAION-5B, used by Stable Diffusion
[D] What are some cheap and OK devices for training on CUDA?
Have any of you ever paid for Streamlit/Dash (or equivalent) either personally or professionally?
How Not to Be Stupid About AI, With Yann LeCun
Image Labeling for Machine Learning: Important Consideration
[P] I tried to teach Mistral 7B a new language (Sundanese) and it worked! (sort of)
Beyond the Hype: A Pragmatic  Approach to Evaluating  Generative AI Suitability
AI News Roundup: US to Gauge American Companies' Reliance on Chinese Chips
Can Real-Time View Synthesis Be Both High-Quality and Fast? Google Researchers Unveil SMERF: Setting New Standards in Rendering Large Scenes
Midjourney v6 is amazing
How to Access and Use Gemini API for Free
P2H Co-Founder Talks About Conquering GovTech Challenges and Embracing AI
Researchers from Lebanese American University and UAE Present the Solutions of the Learning Language Differential Model by Applying the Deep Learning Approach
How to Check If Something Online Was Written by AI
Amazon's Cloud Business Looks Vulnerable in Wake of ChatGPT
Using ChatGPT with Your Own Data using LangChain and Supabase
Midjourney 6 has landed with a new prompt system, impressive new text-on-image capabilities
How AI is reshaping productivity norms
An In-depth exploration of Rotary Position Embedding (RoPE)
20 Most Popular TechRepublic Articles in 2023
Midjourney v6 Levels up AI Image Generation
Midjourney's V6 Brings New Era of AI Image Generation
ASML just shipped its first next-gen EUV machine to Intel
Zoom says AI features should come at no additional cost. Here's why
editGPT
Top KDnuggets Posts of 2023: Free Learning Resources and More
Arkon Energy raises $110M to grow U.S. bitcoin mining capacity, launch AI cloud service in Norway
Akron Energy raises $110M to grow U.S. bitcoin mining capacity, launch AI cloud service in Norway
Berkson's Paradox in Machine Learning
6 Open-Source Vector Databases to Power Your AI App
SkyMusic.AI
Breakthrough technology amplifies terahertz waves for 6G communication
Intel CEO says Nvidia was  extremely lucky  to become the dominant force in AI
AI made from Human Brain cells performs speech recognition
It's critical to regulate AI within the multi-trillion-dollar API economy
Child sexual abuse pictures are found in a database that's used to train AI image generators
Google's ChatGPT competitor Bard is nearly as good   just slower
AI in medicine: Researchers discover new class of antibiotics against MRSA
A Robot Chemist Driven by GPT-4 Made Its Debut in Nature: Autonomously Designs Reactions and Performs Complex Experiments
Data center infrastructure company Arkon Energy raised $110M to grow its US bitcoin mining capacity and plans to launch an AI cloud service in Norway (Jacquelyn Melinek/TechCrunch)
AI Sports Illustrated Article Scandal Rocks Arena Group With CEO Fired
AI Reskilling: Embrace the Change or Fall Behind
The Busy Person Intro to LLMs
Can LLMs Replace Data Analysts? Getting Answers Using SQL
Understanding Semantic Layers in Big Data
Meet VistaLLM: Revolutionizing Vision-Language Processing with Advanced Segmentation and Multi-Image Integration
OpenAI's Prompt Engineering Guide: Mastering ChatGPT for Advanced Applications
Research at Microsoft 2023: A year of groundbreaking AI advances and discoveries
Rite Aid's Facial Recognition Accused Innocent Shoppers of Theft
Computational Linguistics: Detecting AI-Generated Text
Leveraging language to understand machines
[D] Alignment Horseshoe
2023: A Year of Groundbreaking Advances in AI and Computing
Humane says it will begin shipping its Ai Pin in March 2024, starting with customers who placed priority orders (Jay Peters/The Verge)
Top robotics names discuss humanoids, generative AI and more
AI discovered satellite images of craters in Gaza, evidence that Israel is bombing civilian areas it said would be safe: New York Times
AI's World-Ending Capabilities Have Been Greatly Exaggerated
Putin's oldest ally was the mastermind behind the assassination of Wagner warlord Prigozhin: report
Google Reportedly Replacing Staff With AI
How LLMs made their way into the modern data stack in 2023
IBM's 2024 predictions show gen AI is the new DNA of cyberattacks
Get Down to Business with Finite Mathematics in Wolfram Language
Humane's AI Pin will start shipping in March
Apple is Working on Running AI on iPhones and iPads
Align Your Gaussians: Nvidia's new AI creates 3D animations from text
Chatbots Caught in the (Legal) Crossfire
The Dawn of a New Era in Creativity: GenAI as the Great Equalizer
Microsoft Azure AI Widens Model Selection with Llama 2 and GPT-4 Turbo with Vision
[R] Perseus: Removing Energy Bloat from Large Model Training
Introductory Notes on Stable Diffusion and Stable Video Diffusion
Synaptics is Open to Packaging its Chips in India
The crypto bros are coming for AI
[D] Extracting Gaussian noise from a time-series
Unleashing Creativity with DreamWire: Simplifying 3D Multi-View Wire Art Creation Through Advanced AI Technology
I tested Apple's new MLX framework against Torch on M2 Air
Can AI Be Both Powerful and Efficient? This Machine Learning Paper Introduces NASerEx for Optimized Deep Neural Networks
5 Questions Every Data Scientist Should Hardcode into Their Brain
Midjourney's v6 model draws close to copyright infringement with movie scene images
Is there somewhere online where developers discuss building things with AI that hasn't devolved into the typical AI hype debate?
Theme Park News From Disney, Universal Studios, and More Fan-tastical Destinations
Harnessing Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection in the Building Products Industry with Databricks
MIT Uses AI to Find New Antibiotics to Kill Superbugs
Apple Explores A.I. Deals With News Publishers
Sklearn Tutorial: Module 4
Doing a presentation on AI, need some  mind blowing  examples that will be a lightbulbmoment for an audience who aren't familiar with this technology
A Simple Solution for Managing Cloud-Based ML-Training
Sources: Apple discussed multiyear deals worth $50M+ with NBC News, Cond&eacute; Nast, IAC, and other publishers to train its generative AI systems on news articles (New York Times)
Tech Innovations We're Excited About for
Apple reportedly wants to use the news to help train its AI models
OpenAI seeks new funding at 100 billion valuation
MIT Researchers Find New Class of Antibiotic Candidates Using Deep Learning
AI is helping the healthcare industry and could transform the way patients get drugs and treatments
Antigranular: How to Access Sensitive Datasets Without Looking At Them
[P] OpenMetricLearning 2.0 is released!
Jobs in NLP
OpenAI in Talks to Raise Funds at Value of $100 Billion
Apple is reportedly looking to team up with news publishers to train its AI
To Make the Splunk Acquisition Successful, a New Approach to Storage is Needed
OpenAI Is in Talks to Raise New Funding at Valuation of $100 Billion or More
Taylor Series Attention [Discussion]
Generative AI News This Week - OpenAI's New Board Powers, Gemini v GPT-3 & 4, Copilot Music, Instagram, and More
ChatGPT? OpenAI? Nvidia? Deepfakes? Here's how to know what you're talking about when it comes to AI
MIT Researchers Introduce a Novel Machine Learning Approach in Developing Mini-GPTs via Contextual Pruning
All the new javascript array methods you missed in 2023
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse | The Film Score with Daniel Pemberton |  Start a Band
80 Percent of Americans Think Presenting AI Content as Human-Made Should Be Illegal
[R] Bypassing the Safety Training of Open-Source LLMs with Priming Attacks
Google AI discovers 2.2 million new materials for a host of technologies
Top 10 Stories of the Year: It's All About Generative AI
In your opinion how important is dev skills in DS?
Getting started with the Azure Content Safety API.
15 Leading Cloud Providers for GPU-Powered LLM Fine-Tuning and Training
Converting a flat table to a good data model in Power Query
AI companies would be required to disclose copyrighted training data under new bill
Excited to share my latest creations on AWS PartyRock!
This AI Paper from CMU Shows an in-depth Exploration of Gemini's Language Abilities
Understanding LoRA   Low Rank Adaptation For Finetuning Large Models
ESET Threat Report: ChatGPT Name Abuses, Lumma Stealer Malware Increases, Android SpinOk SDK Spyware's Prevalence
Researchers from Genentech and Stanford University Develop an Iterative Perturb-seq Procedure Leveraging Machine Learning for Efficient Design of Perturbation Experiments
qeML Example: Nonparametric Quantile Regression
[R] LLM Interpretability Research Repository
AI Startup Roundup: Anthropic Set to Raise $750 Million
[D] Why have Tensor Programs not received the same attention as Neural Tangent Kernels?
ServiceNow's chief digital information officer on why 2024 is going to be really fun
Anthropic in Talks with Menlo Ventures to Raise $750M
Apple Explores A.I. Deals with News Publishers
An interview with Meta Chief AI Scientist Yann LeCun on open source AI, why AI danger is overhyped, whether AI could produce artistic work that has soul, more (Steven Levy/Wired)
Wearables with powerful AI models would be a much more profound invasion of personal privacy than what we have today with digital assistants like Alexa and Siri (Parmy Olson/Bloomberg)
10 Feel-Good AI Movies You Must Watch
Proposed new rule: All AI output must rhyme
Sources: OpenAI is in early talks to raise funding at a $100B+ valuation, and discussed raising between $8B and $10B from Abu Dhabi-based G42 for a chip venture (Bloomberg)
Enhanced Large Language Models as Reasoning Engines
To Code and Beyond: A Neverland Adventure in Bash, Lua, Python, and Rust
How AI defense tech developer Rebellion Defense is struggling to survive after failing to win a US DOD contract, losing its founders, and shuttering its UK arm (Forbes)
The Pixel 8 Pro's videos get a whole lot brighter with video boost   if you use it right
Meet HOI-Diff: Text-Driven Synthesis of 3D Human-Object Interactions Using Diffusion Models
Apple quietly released an open source multimodal LLM in October
Building A Graph Convolutional Network for Molecular Property Prediction
US agency tasked with curbing risks of AI lacks funding to do the job
How Many Keys Are Enough to Play the Piano?
Why can't I transform a distribution by deducting one from all counts?
[D] Language of Vision: How LLMs generate images! (Google Gemini, Dall-E)
HTML Demystified: Unraveling the Foundations of Web Development
Introduction:
Run Kafka Locally using Docker
The most remarkable AI releases of 2023
A Beginner's Guide to Asset Performance Management (APM)
Seamless Data Analytics Workflow: From Dockerized JupyterLab and MinIO to Insights with Spark SQL
How Generative AI and Predictive Intelligence are Revolutionizing the Customer Support Experience
A world suffused with AI probably wouldn't be good for us   or the planet | John Naughton
Meet PowerInfer: A Fast Large Language Model (LLM) on a Single Consumer-Grade GPU that Speeds up Machine Learning Model Inference By 11 Times
A Comprehensive Overview of Gaussian Splatting
DeepSee Web: InterSystems Analytics Visualization with AngularJS. Part 1
Apple woos publishers with $50 million deals for AI training content
Build your first python flask App
Sam Altman hints at his chaotic ousting and return as OpenAI CEO in a new blog post
Watch amazing Meta AI translate language in near real-time
Machine learning can accurately predict death nearly 80% of the time, a new study found
The 10 biggest science stories of 2023   chosen by scientists
Inside GPT   II : The Core Mechanics of Prompt Engineering
Is this the best way to resize while maintaining input image proportions?
AI to help churches and castles fight wave of graffiti and vandalism
This week in AI: AI ethics keeps falling by the wayside
Python and IRIS in practice - with examples!
ChatGPT for Data Analysis   A Beginner's Guide
Building A Simple API For Your ML Model With FastAPI
Sam Altman's $480,000 watch, the Greubel Forsey Invention Piece 1, is so rare only 33 were ever made
Making a font picker and text designer tool in only 40 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS!)
Language models are a poor choice for answering financial questions, study says
Large Language Models in 2023: Tools and Assistants for Devs
[Project] MiniBoosts: A small collection of boosting algorithms written in Rust
Positioning Your Analytics Team on the Right Projects
Track Your Facebook Page's Success with Our Analytics Tool
Apple wants to partner with news publishers to train its A.I.
User Churn Prediction
2024 in tech: The true winners next year will be the companies that do this
[D] 24Gb budget GPU for Computer Vision?
AI System Coscientist Makes Groundbreaking Leap in Chemical Research
[P] Need advice selecting parents in neuroevolution algorithm
Neural Reactions to Fear Make AI Drive More Safely
A first look at Windows AI Studio
A look at the American Journalism Project's Product & AI Studio, launched with OpenAI in summer 2023 to explore how to apply emerging tech in local journalism (Trei Brundrett/American Journalism Project)
How do I go about learning the math needed for deep learning?
Apple is Courting News Publishers Hoping to Use Their Content to Train a New LLM
Prioritizing customers while chasing the bleeding edge of generative AI
NeurIPS 2023 Recap   Best Papers
Has anyone interviewed with Figma?
Jack of All Tasks, Master of Many: Designing General-purpose Coarse-to-Fine Vision-Language Model
[D] Flowchart of 2023 AI Research Internship Search as a US PhD Student
Using LangChain: How to Add Conversational Memory to an LLM?
Job hunt status: feeling defeated
Google Colab Revolutionizes Coding with AI-Powered Assistance for All Users
AI Is Telling Bedtime Stories to Your Kids Now
How we create an open-source alternative to v0.dev. But highly customizable and live in your Github.
New AI model can predict human lifespan, researchers say. They want to make sure it's used for good
People with LT/NLP/Comp Ling degrees: what should I look for in a master's degree in this field?
RAG in Action: Beyond Basics to Advanced Data Indexing Techniques
Decision Tree in Python Using scikit-learn: The Complete Guide with Code
[N] New book by Bishop: Deep Learning Foundations and Concepts
AI ChatMentor
Is famous argument that people need much less data to train is always true?
ChatGPT popularity
Microsoft Researchers Introduce PromptBench: A Pytorch-based Python Package for Evaluation of Large Language Models (LLMs)
Archive Projects
Math major struggling to get an interview for an entry level position.. any advice would be appreciated!
Apple GPT is Coming!
Unified diffs make GPT-4 Turbo less lazy
[D] Statistics of Learned Representations in Self-Supervised Learning?
I replaced Google Search with Opera's Aria AI feature and I don't miss the former one bit
Microsoft Researchers Introduce InsightPilot: An LLM-Empowered Automated Data Exploration System
[D] The Feature Store for Machine Learning in 2024
Elon Musk is fielding complaints about Grok giving liberal responses on diversity, transgender rights, and inequality, despite promising an  anti-woke  chatbot (Will Oremus/Washington Post)
Revolutionizing Agriculture with AI: A Deep Dive into Machine Learning for Leaf Disease Classification and Smart Farming
Google Researchers Unveil DMD: A Groundbreaking Diffusion Model for Enhanced Zero-Shot Metric Depth Estimation
Artists use tech weapons against AI copycats
Meet JoyTag: An Inclusive Image Tagging AI Model with Joyful Vision Model
Last Week in AI - A Weekly Unwind
[N] Meet CyberRunner, the fastest labyrinth marble game player.
AI 2023: The Year In A Nutshell!
Elon Musk's anti-woke chatbot  Grok  is too woke for its audience
Non-tech companies are seeking AI talent and offering 6-figure salaries. Here's who's hiring &mdash; including one role that pays more than $300,000.
Here's what users want from ChatGPT in 2024
I've created my first GPT specifically for ChatGPT's Mobile Voice capabilities. It's an orignal language creator & translator. The 'Language Inventor' GPT aids in creating or translating languages, focusing on essential elements like grammar, vocabul
Fanfuel
Data Machina #233
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/23/2023
Comparing Dense Attention vs Sparse Sliding Window Attention
Nvidia and its staff donated $15M to Israeli nonprofits helping civilians affected by the Israel-Hamas war, the largest humanitarian fundraiser for the company (Steven Scheer/Reuters)
Microsoft PHI-2 + Huggine Face + Langchain = Super Tiny Chatbot
Apple releases vicuna fork called ferret for visual analysis
AI art tools in 2023
Walk forward validation
Sam Altman reportedly returned to OpenAI with the help of his tech exec friends, interim CEO Emmett Shear and Airbnb's Brian Chesky
[R] Beyond Human Data: Scaling Self-Training for Problem-Solving with Language Models
Kilcher's Mamba explanation video[D]
A classy approach to solving Traveling Salesman Problems effectively with Python
1.5 Years of Spark Knowledge in 8 Tips
Reinforcement Learning: Multi-Agent Cooperation with MADQN  Part 5
Boletn AWS Open Source, Christmas Edition
Soft Skills Is What Sets You Apart in Your Data Science Interviews
[D] Yannic Kilcher - Another Hit Piece on Open-Source AI (reaction for Identifying and Eliminating CSAM in Generative ML Training Data and Models)
Patents should be shorter for AI discoveries
Introduction to TensorFlow for Deep Learning
Dynamic Maps and Plots With GPT-4 and Plotly Dash: A Story about UN Population Projections
LWiAI Podcast #148 - Imagen 2, Midjourney on web, FunSearch, OpenAI 'Preparedness Framework', campaigning voice clone
Building a Conversational AI Interface with AWS Bedrock and Claude 2.1
MS statisticians here, do you guys have good careers? Do you feel not having a PhD has held you back?
Researchers extract business and personal email addresses for 30+ NYT staff by fine tuning GPT-3.5 Turbo, bypassing the safeguards for privacy-related queries (Jeremy White/New York Times)
Creating Maps with QGIS
Researchers from Apple and Columbia University released Ferret, an open source multimodal LLM that can recognize and describe any shape in an image, in October (Sharon Goldman/VentureBeat)
[D] Similar books to ISL for time series?
Should I work over Christmas to fix my code, or is it ok to leave it and delay a project by a couple of weeks?
[P] Time-series GAN for generating trajectories
Which linear algebra book is right for me?
This Machine Learning Research Opens up a Mathematical Perspective on the Transformers
What Domain of DS will have most jobs in the future? And what skills to pursue?
Finetune LLaMa2 for any language
I created a Custom GPT that can build you games right from your chat session that you play with one click
Illuminating Insights: GPT Extracts Meaning from Charts and Tables
Word Level Text Generation using LSTM
Alibaba Researchers Propose I2VGen-xl: A Cascaded Video Synthesis AI Model which is Capable of Generating High-Quality Videos from a Single Static Image
[P] A Python library to do symbolic Matrix Calculus
The wonder-filled year of generative AI
The Most Read AIM Stories of 2023
[D] Do we really know how token probability leads to reasoning? For example, when we give GPT4 a riddle and it selves it using non-intuitive logic, how is that happening?
[D] Deep Dive on Mamba, Memory, and SSM
Making a 90s aesthetic word art text picker in only 20 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS!)
[R] Language Models, Agent Models, and World Models: The LAW for Machine Reasoning and Planning
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/24/2023
Weekly Entering & Transitioning - Thread 25 Dec, 2023 - 01 Jan, 2024
A look at Microsoft's Xbox partnership with Inworld AI, focused on using AI to let NPCs in games evolve beyond predefined roles and adapt to player behavior (Trevor Laurence Jockims/CNBC)
If you work with text do you apply any sort of spell-check function?
How Moreh is Making AI Software Better with AMD
This AI Paper Introduces the 'ForgetFilter': A Machine Learning Algorithm that Filters Unsafe Data based on How Strong the Model's Forgetting Signal is for that Data
Model quantization and the dawn of edge AI
Researchers: an updated Chameleon trojan uses an HTML page trick to disrupt biometrics on Android like Face Unlock to steal PINs and unlock the device at will (Bill Toulas/BleepingComputer)
New Year Resolutions AI
Tencent Researchers Introduce AppAgent: A Novel LLM-based Multimodal Agent Framework Designed to Operate Smartphone Applications
UC Berkeley Researchers Introduce StreamDiffusion: A Real-Time Diffusion-Pipeline Designed for Interactive Image Generation
Top 10 Videos of AIM in 2023: A Year of Data and Insights
The top 10 people in artificial-intelligence hardware
PyTorch LSTM for time series
This AI Paper from China Introduces Emu2: A 37 Billion Parameter Multimodal Model Redefining Task Solving and Adaptive Reasoning
Omdia Analysts' Take: Key AI Trends to Watch in 2024
AI in 2023: A Comprehensive Overview of Breakthroughs and Developments
The new era of ai chat platforms: comprehensive list of the best AI chat platforms
Figma to HTML: Convert designs to clean HTML code in a click
[D] Seeking suggestions and team members for an open-source project
How Pratik Desai is Sowing AI Seeds in India
New Data on LLM Accuracy
[Discussion] In this age of LLMs, What are the limitations of Transformer architecture and downside to it?
Meet LMDrive: A Unique AI Framework For Language-Guided, End-To-End, Closed-Loop Autonomous Driving
Responsible AI now has an ISO standard
Macabre Intelligence: AI Can Now Predict Your Death
Why Your Approach to AI Job Applications is Flawed
Last Week in AI #251: AI dataset scandal, Anthropic to defend users from copyright lawsuits, Midjourney V6 launches, and more!
[D] can I fintune Mistral 7B model on 8 * A100 40GB ?
4 High-Impact Time Series Forecasting Project Ideas
The KDnuggets 2023 Cheat Sheet Collection
Just weeks after its dramatic leadership crisis, ChatGPT owner OpenAI is in the market for fresh funding that may value it at over $100 billion, report says
[P] Don't have enough GPU to train Mixtral? Why not try LLaMA-MoE~
T'is the Time . for GenAI!
AI developer that works on your repo in cloud sandbox
Meet VectorLink: A Vector Database that is Part of TerminusCMS, Providing Semantic Data and Content Management Tools Using Vector Embeddings
Exploratory Data Analysis with F#, Plotly.NET, and ML.NET DataFrames
AI can now tell if your Louis Vuitton handbag is fake
This AI Paper Introduces InstructVideo: A Novel AI Approach to Enhance Text-to-Video Diffusion Models Using Human Feedback and Efficient Fine-Tuning Techniques
AI pioneer says public discourse on intelligent machines must give 'proper respect to human agency'
On-demand GPU that can be pinged to run a script
This AI Paper Unveils the Cached Transformer: A Transformer Model with GRC (Gated Recurrent Cached) Attention for Enhanced Language and Vision Tasks
This Paper Introduces PtychoPINN: An Unsupervised Physics-Informed Deep Learning Method for Rapid High-Resolution Scanning Coherent Diffraction Reconstruction
The 7 HTML Tags You Most Probably Do Not Know
[D] Now is the winter of our discontent.
ChatGPT gives better advice, but we'd rather hear it from someone with a pulse, study shows
[D] On-demand GPU that can be pinged to run a script
Running the Eigen GPU Tests
YOOOO Rob (GPT4) just recognized it's own reflection!?
Google May Replace Some Human Employees with AI
The Noonification: Holy   HackerNoons Web 2.5 Documentary is Out!   (12/25/2023)
How to Use an Uncensored AI Model and Train It With Your Data
The Hollywood Strikes Stopped AI From Taking Your Job. But for How Long?
OpenAI's Sam Altman said he's 'feeling good' about a 2021 prediction he made about a coming AI revolution driving down cost of 'energy and intelligence'
BeIntelli project goes live in Berlin: MAN and partners are working to deploy an autonomous bus on a digitalized test track
AI Learns and Operates Smartphones Like Humans
Nvidia Blackwell RTX 5000 GPUs may debut earlier than expected
The biggest tech stories of 2023   from cyber warfare to AI's 'existential risk'
Mozilla Launches MemoryCache: An On-Device Machine Learning Browser Add-On Bridging Personalized Web Experiences and Privacy
DreamBooth Training on SDXL Anime Model & Comparing Ground Truth Regularization Images Effect
Apple Quitely Unveils Open-Source Multimodal LLM, Ferret
Probability reference book for data science professionals
What kind of research can you do if you are GPU poor?[R]
Top 11 Must-use AI Tools for Designing
OpenAI investor Vinod Khosla predicts AI will deflate the economy over the next 25 years
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/25/2023
Instruction driven  State of the Artwork  with AiConfig
Shadows of Sorrow
How flood monitoring companies, like 7Analytics and Neara, are using AI to make real-time flooding predictions and help businesses minimize damage (Suzanne Bearne/BBC)
Meet MiniChain: A Tiny Python Library for Coding with Large Language Models
[D] Which software do you guys use for illustrating research frameworks/ideas ?
In which field do you think image generation is most likely to excel in the future?
The Best GPUs - Early 2024
The AI boom could force you to enter the gig economy
Can Machine Learning Predict Chaos? This Paper from UT Austin Performs a Large-Scale Comparison of Modern Forecasting Methods on a Giant Dataset of 135 Chaotic Systems
[R] Generalization in Deep Reinforcement Learning
Java News Roundup: Jakarta EE 11-M1, Payara Platform, Quarkus Release Plan, Spring Releases
[D] Most cost efficient way to run Whisper at scale?
A look at AI apps like Bluey-GPT, Oscar, Once Upon a Bot, and Bedtimestory.ai, which create stories for kids, and concerns over copyright, trademark, and safety (Nicole Kobie/Wired)
Have an upcoming interview for a data analyst role... what should I expect?
9 Gifting Ideas For Your Tech Bros 2023
This Paper Proposes Osprey: A Mask-Text Instruction Tuning Approach to Extend MLLMs (Multimodal Large Language Models) by Incorporating Fine-Grained Mask Regions into Language Instruction
2024 is the Year of AMD
OpenAI's Big Announcement: Why Enterprises Should Pay Attention
Researchers from the University of Washington and Allen Institute for AI Introduce Time Vectors: A Simple Tool to Customize Language Models to New Time Periods
From Sam Altman's ousting as OpenAI's CEO to ChatGPT entering the workforce, here's a look at the year in AI
I was shocked: my husband was using AI to write our children's bedtime stories | Sophie Brickman
BabyStoryAI
AI is one of 2023's hottest topics &mdash; but it's still a tiny part of most businesses, Accenture data show
What Happened to the $1.5 Billion Infosys Deal?
Drawing Prompt
A reward for 'I don't know'?
API Vs Web Scraping: Online Data Extraction Tools
7 Top AI Companies to Watch in 2024
8 Major Indian AI Events of 2023
Five bold cybersecurity predictions for 2024
Markdown in Substack, Medium, Dev.to; all from GitHub as VCS - v5
AutoGluon-TimeSeries: A robust time-series forecasting library by Amazon Research
Data Science Hiring Process at Lendingkart
Can Google's Gemini Rival OpenAI's GPT-4V in Visual Understanding?: This Paper Explores the Battle of Titans in Multi-modal AI
Want to collaborate in Computer Vision project.
Tech bros have been at war this year. Here's a roundup of the biggest fights.
All AI Advancements of 2023
AI expert warns against telling your secrets to chatbots such as ChatGPT
NumPy Ninja: Unleashing the Power of Python for Data Wizards
PERSONA AI wins First place in GenAI Solution Competition 2023
Textr AI
Midjourney will  find you and collect that money  if you infringe any IP with v6
Researchers from Tsinghua University and Zhipu AI Introduce CogAgent: A Revolutionary Visual Language Model for Enhanced GUI Interaction
OpenAI Passes the Hat; Midjourney Takes the Cake
Researchers Have a Magic Tool to Understand AI: Harry Potter
Anthropic Offers Legal Protection For Generative AI Users Ahead of Rumored $750M Funding Round
Microsoft's Copilot AI assistant arrives on Android
The best of the long read in 2023
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 18/12 to 24/12
Apple's AI Leap: Bridging the Gap in On-Device Intelligence
Generative AI: In 2023, GenAI Tools Became Table Stakes
OpenAI Pissed Off Developers by Phasing Out Plugins for GPTs
King's Head of AI: How AI Will Change Gaming in 2024
Microsoft launches Microsoft Copilot for Android, a free ChatGPT-like app that supports GPT-4 and DALL-E 3; sources: a Copilot iOS app is nearly ready (Mayank Parmar/Windows Latest)
Alberta cattle rancher says AI technology helps save time and money
FLaNK 25 December 2023
Building an AI Image Classification Tool with Next.js
This Paper Explores the Legal and Ethical Maze of Language Model Training: Unveiling the Risks and Remedies in Dataset Transparency and Use
The 5 AI stories I'm waiting for in 2024 | The AI Beat
Microsoft Copilot is now available as a ChatGPT-like app on Android
Google helps AI spam-infested corporate blog get millions of clicks
[R], [P] Self-Hosted GPU setup for AI Research
Google's VideoPoet: A Multimodal Model that Generates Video, Audio
Systematic Modern Artwork with AiConfig
Coscientist uses GPT-4 for automated chemistry lab experiments
DS org, decentralized or centralized?
What VCs are looking for in the next wave of cybersecurity startups
OpenAI Publishes GPT Prompt Engineering Guide
'Drama magnet': Elon Musk's biggest headlines of 2023
Anthropic Sets New Legal Standards in Generative AI
Story Telling with Visualization   Which Area Has the Highest Socio-Economic Score, and Why
[R]  Self-Predictive Universal AI  (Self-AIXI)
This Paper Explores Efficient Predictive Control with Sparsified Deep Neural Networks
Back to Basics Pathway
The Dark Side of GPT-4
Top 9 AI APIs you must try in 2024
How I use ChatGPT in Opera for far more efficient interactions (and why you should too)
CMU and Emerald Cloud Lab Researchers Unveil Coscientist: An Artificial Intelligence System Powered by GPT-4 for Autonomous Experimental Design and Execution in Diverse Fields
How to use Leonardo AI to generate stunning artwork and images
LLM Giants Need Openness, Transparency and Safety Engineering
Understanding Group Sequential Testing
Microsoft bet big on AI in 2023, but its AI future is still unclear
CES 2024 tips and tricks: A guide to tech's biggest trade show
AI forecasts life and death with newfound precision
Edge 355: A Taxonomy to Understand LLM Reasoning Methods
Open Source Multicamera Calibration in a GUI: pyxy3d
Microsoft Copilot app for Android released; here's how it works
How to Use OpenAI's ChatGPT to Create Your Own Custom GPT
[D] Which Transformer implementation do people typically use?
Python to Rust: Everything You Must Know About Virtual Environments
AI in 2024
OpenAI Set to Be Second Most Valuable Startup, After SpaceX
Apple Looks for News Media Partners to Train Generative AI Models: Report
Musk's xAI Incorporates as Benefit Corporation With 'Positive Impact' Goal
Major Law Firm Debuts AI Tool that Writes Contracts
Is AMD or Intel Arc a viable way to do deep learning these days?
Filing: xAI incorporates as a for-profit benefit corporation, allowing it to prioritize having a positive impact on society over its obligations to shareholders (Becky Peterson/The Information)
[P] microagents: Modular Agents Capable of Self-Editing Their Prompts and Python code
Linear Algebra and Multivariate Calculus
Patronus AI Finds Alarming Safety Gaps in Leading LLMs
ElevenLabs Review: The Most Realistic AI Voice Generator?
Sources: Anthropic projects annualized revenue to be $850M+ by 2024's end, or ~$70M/mo, an increase of more than 8x from its monthly revenue around Sept. 2023 (The Information)
[D] joining academia research lab while working full time as research engineer in industry.
DiffSeg : Unsupervised Zero-Shot Segmentation using Stable Diffusion
Making a 90s aesthetic text shadow design tool in only 30 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS!)
Is my plan good for a good future(any advice would be great)?
Anthropic Projects At Least $850 Million in Annualized Revenue Rate Next Year
Microsoft is training an AI to help get nuclear reactors approved
Sources: outgoing Apple exec Tang Tan to join Jony Ive's LoveFrom to work on AI hardware products; Sam Altman to provide software underpinnings for the project (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
I'd Buy That for a Dollar: Chevy Dealership's AI Chatbot Goes Rogue
Apple's iPhone Design Chief Enlisted by Jony Ive, Sam Altman to Work on AI Devices
How to copy table data easily with this Chrome Extension
AI flood prediction could save lives as increasingly dangerous flooding threatens a fifth of the world
What's next for generative AI in 2024?
Pika Labs' text-to-video AI platform opens to all: Here's how to use it
I made an Educational Autograd from scratch
AI isn't about shortening game development, but enhancing it
Create Github repository?
[D] Want recommendations for learning ML-oriented distributed systems
AI moves from theory to practice, zero trust gets real, and other 2024 predictions from Dell CTO
[D] Algorithm to find patterns in temporal sequences
2023 was a great year for open-source LLMs
Reconstructing Videos In Just 14 Seconds: Meta AI's Fairy Accelerates Video Synthesis by 44
Makers Conquer Generative AI Bottlenecks
Meta's chief AI scientist says terrorists and rogue states aren't going to take over the world with open-source AI
Convolution Explained    Introduction to  Convolutional Neural Networks
Face identification webapp developed by Qt6
Unlock the Django Way
How This Startup is Making You Eat Healthy with Generative AI
OpenAI competitor Anthropic projects $850 million in annualized revenue
A new sea drone that can travel almost 70 mph is now in use in the Black Sea, Ukraine says
As more high-performance computing chips pushed past 1 kW in 2023, like Nvidia's GH200 Superchips, many manufacturers embraced direct liquid cooling (Tobias Mann/The Register)
The Nordics pick climate tech over AI as the golden ticket in 2023
MyShell Open-Sources OpenVoice: An Instant Voice Cloning AI Library that Takes a Short Audio Clip from the Reference Speaker and Generate Speech in Multiple Language
The Good Robot Podcast: featuring Jess Wade on rewriting Wikipedia
PitchBook: Microsoft, Google, and Amazon made investments amounting to two-thirds of the $27B raised by AI startups in 2023, vastly outspending VC firms (George Hammond/Financial Times)
Pika Labs' powerful AI video generator is now open to everyone
Talking to Animals using Artificial Intelligence
Researchers are increasingly using the Harry Potter books to experiment with generative AI, citing the series' wide range of language data and complex wordplay (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
We're getting closer to OpenAI's first device
ChatGPT Plugins Are Dead and Developers Are Not Happy
The Key to Winning the Generative AI Race: Solve Real Problems
Alibaba Makes AI Agents Come to Life with Make-A-Character
AI chatbots will become smart enough to be your coworker
Create Generative AI assistant with Amazon Q
Chinese Spy Agency Rising to Challenge the C.I.A.
The Morning After: Microsoft's big bet on AI in 2023
New AI hardware: OpenAI project with former Apple designer Jony Ive moves forward
Apple Watch Series 9 and Watch Ultra 2 ban comes into effect in the US
Top Most Powerful 5 AI Chips Released in 2023
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/26/2023
Chat with any GPT right through your favorite text editor
Meet       Llama
Suno.ai
Top 5 Access Control Features You Should Implement in 2024
Oxford Researchers Introduce Splatter Image: An Ultra-Fast AI Approach Based on Gaussian Splatting for Monocular 3D Object Reconstruction
The creators of an NHS scheme to use AI sensors in kettles and fridges to monitor ~140 discharged patients say the program reduced unplanned readmissions by 77% (Laura Hughes/Financial Times)
Newton's Laws of Motion: The Original Gradient Descent
New Copilot app: use GPT-4 and DALL-E 3 on your smartphone for free
Anthropic Adds Legal Protections for Users
Meet OpenMetricLearning (OML): A PyTorch-based Python Framework to Train and Validate the Deep Learning Models Producing High-Quality Embeddings
Tesla Plans Revamp of Smash Hit Model Y From China Plant
AI Emoji Generator
Top Tech Movers and Shakers of 2023
Introducing GitLoop: Revolutionize Your Coding Workflow with AI - Join Our Beta!
The top 15 people in enterprise artificial intelligence
Habit Hero
This AI Paper Explores How Vision-Language Models Enhance Autonomous Driving Systems for Better Decision-Making and Interactivity
xAI follows OpenAI and Anthropic with benefit corporation structure
Apple's iPhone designer is leaving to work with Jony Ive and Sam Altman on AI hardware
OpenAI Finally Takes on Apple
From SVB And SBF To AI And IPOs, There Was A Lot Of Action (And Acronyms) In 2023
Hollywood unions resisting AI being used to recreate actors' performances sets a precedent for future labor movements on how to push back against automation (Angela Watercutter/Wired)
Atlassian Bets On Improving Developer Experience With GenAI
SuperAGI introduces SAM - A 7B Small Agentic Model that outperforms GPT-3.5 & Orca on reasoning benchmarks.
25 Free Courses to Master Data Science, Data Engineering, Machine Learning, MLOps, and Generative AI
Microsoft Copilot Comes to Android
Old Art, New Code: The Typesetter's Guide to Memoization
This AI newsletter is all you need #79
Researchers from the National University of Singapore Developed a Groundbreaking RMIA (Robust Membership Inference Attack) Technique for Enhanced Privacy Risk Analysis in Machine Learning
The NYT sues OpenAI and Microsoft for copyright infringement, alleging millions of articles were used in training, the first major US media organization to sue (New York Times)
The Times Sues OpenAI and Microsoft Over A.I.'s Use of Copyrighted Work
[D] Why MoE models target only feedforward layers?
Cohere AI Researchers Investigate Overcoming Quantization Cliffs in Large-Scale Machine Learning Models Through Optimization Techniques
I made my own batching/caching API over the weekend. 200+ tk/s with Mistral 5.0bpw esl2 on an RTX 3090. It was for a personal project, and it's not complete, but happy holidays! It will probably just run in your LLM Conda env without installing anyth
2024 GenAI Predictions: Part One
Apple iPhone designer will join Jony Ive and OpenAI boss Sam Altman to work on mysterious consumer AI device
AI Might Finally Make Windows 11 Usable
[P] I made an Educational Autograd from scratch
Spectrum's Top AI Stories of 2023
New York Times sues OpenAI, Microsoft for using its stories to train chatbots
You can now run Microsoft's AI-powered Copilot as a free Android app
Beware AI's hidden costs before they bankrupt innovation
Elon Musk's xAI Jumps on the Bandwagon of Rich Startups 'Benefiting Humanity'
Bill Gates predicts a 'massive technology boom' from AI coming soon
The New York Times is suing OpenAI &mdash; alleging it trained ChatGPT off its content
The New York Times is suing OpenAI and Microsoft for copyright infringement
Researchers from Microsoft and Georgia Tech Introduce VCoder: Versatile Vision Encoders for Multimodal Large Language Models
Generative Everything: An Exploration of Breakthroughs in 2023, Impacts, and Future Insights Across Industries with AI
Solving the How & When: Infusing Business Strategy into AI Adoption
The New York Times sues OpenAI, Microsoft
Interested in statistics not sure how to proceed
A New Olympics Event: Algorithmic Video Surveillance
Etsy Has Been Selling Deepfake Pornographic Images of Celebrities
Creating a Scrolling Logo Animation with Tailwind CSS
Microsoft, OpenAI  Sued by New York Times for Copyright Infringement
New York Times files lawsuit against OpenAI and Microsoft demanding destruction of ChatGPT
The New York Times wants OpenAI and Microsoft to pay for training data
New York Times sues OpenAI and Microsoft for copyright infringement
4 Steps for Building Event-Driven GenAI Applications
Big Tech is spending more than VC firms on AI startups
Safeguarding Your RAG Pipelines: A Step-by-Step Guide to Implementing Llama Guard with LlamaIndex
GPT-4 and Dall-E powered, Microsoft Copilot lands on Android
Omnicom is leveraging AI to optimize workflows with a virtual assistant
The Year's Top Moments and What We're Watching For Next Year
Researchers from MIT and Meta Introduce PlatoNeRF: A Groundbreaking AI Approach to Single-View 3D Reconstruction Using Lidar and Neural Radiance Fields
How Kleida Martiro went from associate to partner at Glasswing Ventures in 4 years by going all in on AI
Clue in the windscreen may be key in legal challenge to Queensland's AI traffic fine system
Content Credentials Will Fight Deepfakes in the 2024 Elections
Interconnects year in review: 2023
News/Media Alliance backs New York Times in AI copyright lawsuit against OpenAI and Microsoft
Apple research paper hints at LLMs on iPhones and Macs
Investigation: China's Ministry of State Security intel agency uses AI and other tech to challenge the CIA; US officials describe an AI system to track US spies (New York Times)
Jony Ive Poaches Lead iPhone Designer to Work on OpenAI Hardware Device
New York Times sues Microsoft, ChatGPT maker OpenAI over copyright infringement . If the NYT kills AI progress, I will hate them forever.
TechCrunch's favorite apps of 2023
Vesuvius Challenge: Can AI decipher these mysterious ancient scrolls?
Sloan's Inbox: Feeling like I'm not doing enough...
Dell's Windows Copilot concept shows what Microsoft failed to deliver
4 things experts say could happen with AI in 2024  &mdash; and why it could be bad news for OpenAI
This startup wants to track soil carbon with AI and satellites
Meet PostgresML: An Open-Source Python Library that Integrates with PostgreSQL and has the Ability to Train and Deploy Machine Learning ML Models Directly within the Database Using SQL Queries
OpenAI and Microsoft Sued by New York Times for Copyright Infringement
#15yearschallenge
Hugging Face CEO says he's focused on building a 'sustainable model' for the $4.5 billion open-source-AI startup
Glue Data Brew- Data Profiling & Data Quality
AI Artist of your choice with AiConfig
5 Books to Unlock AI in Your Kids
The EEC might have leaked unannounced RDNA 3 graphics cards
My First AWS Event Experience: AWS Summit Berlin 2023
How long untill there are no jobs.
Chinese VC and AI Founder Predicts Shakeout in China's AI Sector
Baidu CTO says the company's ChatGPT-like Ernie Bot now has 100M+ users, after launching the chatbot to the public in August, 2023 (Reuters)
As an AI dev: mods please enfort low effort/spam rules
Investor AI Email Generator
7 Must-Read Generative AI Books
Reliance Jio Partners with IIT Bombay to Build 'Bharat GPT'
Adani Group Forges AI Joint Venture with Middle East Backer IHC
TSMC Unveils Ambitious Roadmap for Trillion-Transistor Chips
Animal Shelter Analytics in Practice: The Impact of Shelter Animals Count
Generate Photos Of Yourself In Different Cities & Different Fancy Suits With SDXL DreamBooth Training For Free
Demystifying GQA   Grouped Query Attention
The Dumbest AI Moments of 2023
A.I. Can Make Art That Feels Human. Whose Fault Is That?
Party Pooper: Airbnb Taps AI to Block Unauthorized New Year's Eve Parties
UP to Build India's First AI City in Lucknow
LangChain, OpenAI's Alter Ego
[D] Workstation/Server Vendors
Bytedance Announces DiffPortrait3D: A Novel Zero-Shot View Synthesis AI Method that Extends 2D Stable Diffusion for Generating 3d Consistent Novel Views Given as Little as a Single Portrait
Walles.Ai in Education: The Role of AI in Learning and Tutoring
This AI Paper Unveils InternVL: Bridging the Gap in Multi-Modal AGI with a 6 Billion Parameter Vision-Language Foundation Mode
New York Times Co.'s OpenAI-Microsoft Suit Is a Negotiating Tactic
What the Paytm Layoff Saga Tell Us About AI
Is it possible that the internet might end up becoming half useless because AI has flooded it with convincing fake news/websites/profiles etc. that serious business will have to be moved back to a person to person basis?
[D] Solution to slow execution speed of torch.odeint (ODE solver)
Presentation: Needle in a 930M Member Haystack: People Search AI @LinkedIn
Researchers use AI chatbots against themselves to 'jailbreak' each other
Microsoft Copilot for Android
Heard on the Street   12/28/2023
Courage to Learn ML: An In-Depth Guide to the Most Common Loss Functions
10 Best AI Cartoonizer Tools (December 2023)
This AI Paper Introduces Ponymation: A New Artificial Intelligence Method for Learning a Generative Model of Articulated 3D Animal Motions from Raw, Unlabeled Online Videos
The New York Times Asks Court to Destroy ChatGPT
After a year of breathless hype, AI will face reality in 2024
ChatGPT Helps, and Worries, Business Consultants, Study Finds
Nvidia AI Research Unveils 'Align Your Gaussians' Approach for Expressive Text-to-4D Synthesis
Genie AI
The Algorithmic Bridge 2023 in 60 Memorable Sentences
Samsung's new AI-enabled smart fridge can design recipes based on your dietary needs
[D] Untrained Convolutional Neural Networks
Web Scraping with Python
Ambani Targets Completing Reliance's AI Transformation in 2024
The metaverse isn't dead (in fact its future in enterprise is promising)
Getting Started with Multimodality
In-depth Understanding of DBSCAN Clustering Machine Learning Algorithm with Python
25 Free Books to Master SQL, Python, Data Science, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing
Cybersecurity teams need new skills even as they struggle to manage legacy systems
[R] Open source LLMs are far from OpenAI for code editing
AI companion ElliQ: Reducing senior loneliness
OpenAI became the nexus of the technology world in 2023
How Artificial Intelligence Will Change in 2024
Why We Need Data Mesh Architecture To Cope With Exponential Data Growth
Generative AI is repeating all of Web 2.0's mistakes
AI Creates 3D Worlds from Text Prompts
Inside Orca 2: Microsoft's Small Language Model that Outperforms Models 10x Larger in Reasoning Capabilities
The New York Times files copyright lawsuit against OpenAI and Microsoft
Project Sunshine  takes ChatGPT personalization to the next level
Russell T. Davies Teases One of Doctor Who's New Mysteries
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 18/12 to 24/12
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/27/2023
16 Cybersecurity leaders predict how gen AI will improve cybersecurity in 2024
Resemble AI's open-source model transforms noisy audio into crystal-clear speech
This AI Can Geolocate Photos Faster and More Accurately Than Any Human
OpenAI and Microsoft may be in trouble
The Forest Amidst the Trees - The Takeaway from our AI Year [D]
Far AI Research Discovers Emerging Threats in GPT-4 APIs: A Deep Dive into Fine-Tuning, Function Calling, and Knowledge Retrieval Vulnerabilities
Microsoft uses AI to speed up small nuclear reactor approvals for AI training data centers
Hintscribe
Can large language models detect sarcasm?
2023 was the year that GPUs stood still
Self-healing code is the future of software development
From graphic design to visual workflows, Canva's new AI core is changing its business
The Year's 10 Biggest VC Funding Rounds: OpenAI, Stripe And Anthropic Top The List For Biggest Raises In 2023
DOP Deep: The world's top generative AI products 2023
11 data predictions for AI-centric enterprise growth in 2024
The Most Dangerous People on the Internet in 2023
Effortless API Documentation: Accelerating Development with FastAPI, Swagger, and ReDoc
2023's Mind-Bending Revelations in the Brain Sciences
Hebbian Learning: Neurons That Fire Together, Wire Together
The People With Power at AI Startup Cohere
How one of the world's oldest newspapers is using AI to reinvent journalism
Gemini Pro vs GPT-4V: Has Google Killed it This Time?
Turbo Paint : Realtime AI Drawing
Apple flash: Our smart devices will soon be smarter
Researchers from Meta GenAI Introduce Fairy: Fast Parallelized Instruction-Guided Video-to-Video Synthesis Artificial Intelligence Framework
LG's latest Gram laptops are predictably stuffed with AI features
MagicDance: Realistic Human Dance Video Generation
This is the future of generative AI, according to generative AI
Computer Vision: 2023 Recaps and 2024 Trends
AI journey in optimizing visual accessibility
Big Tech is winning over AI startups with more than just money
How fast-moving is theoretical machine learning? [Discussion]
The AI Conversations That Shaped 2023
The ROI of Applied AI: Shifting Business Into a New Gear
Android Auto Re-Centers Voice AI With Google Assistant Message Summaries, Maps Driving Mode Shutdown
The Top Large Language Models of 2023, 8 Python Libraries You Should be Using, and Why You Need an.
Amazon plans to make its own hydrogen to power vehicles
[R] Active Learning Pipeline for text generation models.
Automate the task of creating requirements.txt with pyreqs!
Apple's Leap into the AI Frontier: Navigating the MLX Framework and Its Impact on Next-Gen MacBook AI Experiences
Nvidia launches the GeForce RTX 4090 D in China, featuring ~10% fewer processing cores than the 4090 sold in other countries, to comply with US export controls (Ian King/Bloomberg)
More than 40 investors share their top predictions for 2024
This AI Paper from UCSD and Johns Hopkins Unveils the LAW Framework: A Leap in Machine Learning with Integrated Language, Agent, and World Models for Enhanced Reasoning
Purdue Researchers Utilize Deep Learning and Topological Data Analysis for Advanced Model Interpretation and Precision in Complex Predictions
Nvidia's China Customers to Get Hobbled Version of Gaming Chip
From Goldman to Bridgewater, here's everything we know about how Wall Street is embracing AI
NY Times Sues Microsoft, OpenAI for Copyright Breaches
OpenAI employee says prompt engineering is no different than effective human communication
Where Venture Capital is Going in 2024
The statistical theory behind why your Instagram posts have so few likes
A Data Science Course Project About Crop Yield and Price Prediction I'm Still Not Ashamed Of
Nvidia's CEO Was the Man of This Year, Next Year, and the One After That
Microsoft's next Surface laptops will reportedly be its first true 'AI PCs'
Google AI Introduces PixelLLM
[R] A Survey of Reasoning with Foundation Models
How come Reddit ads for AI do not make the news for copyright infringement?
The Year Ahead in AI: More Powerful Tools, A Little Less Hype
LG developed a two-legged AI-powered robot that can watch your pets for you
UK Court: AI Can't be Named as Inventor for Patents
If someone stopped you on the street for one of those interviews, And asked you what do you actually use from linear algebra in your job, What would you say?
Do More Games Mean More Wins?
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of December 22nd
Best AI Presentation Maker (I Tried the Three Best AI Presentation Tools!)
Midjourney starts training video models in January, v6 updates coming soon
Debugging and Tuning Amazon SageMaker Training Jobs with SageMaker SSH Helper
Sources: Microsoft readies AI-focused Surface Pro 10 and Surface Laptop 6 for spring 2024, in both Intel and Arm variants with improved designs and new features (Zac Bowden/Windows Central)
Introduction to Data Science
Into the Future: 24 Tech Predictions Shaping 2024
How the creator economy is evolving with AI | Jim Louderback
The AI Images That Shook the Photography World in 2023
[R] Pangu-Agent: A Fine-Tunable Generalist Agent with Structured Reasoning
Giga ML wants to help companies deploy LLMs offline
Sanna Marin, the popular former prime minister of Finland, on Putin, powerful women, and legislating in the age of AI
Grouped-Query Attention(GQA) Explained
Nice tools for MLOps but from a computer vision perspective?
Deepdub Debuts Voice Artist Royalty Program for Generative AI Voice Clones
Natural Language Processing in Python: 10+ Packages You Can't Miss (with Code)
Pinecone's CEO is on a quest to give AI something like knowledge
The New York Times' lawsuit against OpenAI and Microsoft relies on a false belief that copyright can limit the right to read and process data (Mike Masnick/Techdirt)
A New Programming Language For AI: Linear Regression, But With Mojo Language
Do Large Vision-language Models Understand Charts? We found that the answer is NO!
How To Make a Career in GenAI In 2024
LG debuts new Gram and Gram Pro laptops ahead of CES 2024; the processors in the Pro lineup include Intel's AI Boost NPU hardware for on-device AI tasks (Amrita Khalid/The Verge)
AI in Logistics: Optimizing Container Fill Rate with Computer Vision
New York Times sues OpenAI and Microsoft for copyright infringement [N]
5 Ways Programmers Can Use AI Tools to Improve Their Lives
AWS AI Research Proposes an Advanced Machine Learning Data Augmentation Pipeline Leveraging Controllable Diffusion Models and CLIP for Enhanced Object Detection
DreamWire: A Generative AI Enabling Everyone to Be Multi-View Wire Artist
Microsoft's AI Image Creator, part of Bing and Paint, can make violent images that look realistic, and Microsoft appears to lay much of the blame on users (Geoffrey A. Fowler/Washington Post)
Classifying Source code using LLMs   What and How
Why attackers love to target misconfigured clouds and phones
LLMs are not inventions, they are Discoveries. How That Fact Changes Adoption and Outlook.
LG's new ultra-lightweight Gram laptops include some OLED screens and AI Boost
How I Won Singapore's GPT-4 Prompt Engineering Competition
[R] CLadder: A Benchmark to Assess Causal Reasoning Capabilities of Language Models
From the C-Suite: How Generative AI Will Change Business in 2024
Python lib written in rust for fast bounding box manipulation
A Bird's Eye View of Linear Algebra: Systems of Equations, Linear Regression, and Neural Networks
Connect OpenAI with external APIs with Function calling
Adani Groups Set an AI Joint Venture with UAE's IHC
I feel like anyone who doesn't know how to utilize AI is gonna be out of a job soon
[Official] 2023 End of Year Salary Sharing thread
Margrethe Vestager says AI Act will  not harm innovation and research, but actually enhance it  as it  creates predictability and legal certainty in the market  (Javier Espinoza/Financial Times)
What's ISRO Doing in the Middle of Antarctica?
[D] Best model to summarize scientific papers
Researchers from Tsinghua University Introduce LLM4VG: A Novel AI Benchmark for Evaluating LLMs on Video Grounding Tasks
Quarkus LangChain4J Extension Allows Developers to Integrate LLMs in Their Quarkus Applications
Part 11: All You Need to Know to Master Web Development With HTML CSS and JavaScript
Google settles its $5 billion privacy lawsuit over Incognito Mode tracking
Chris Lattner on Ending AI Suffering
Researchers from Zhejiang University Introduce Human101: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework for Single-View Human Reconstruction Using 3D Gaussian Splatting
Zendesk Moves from DynamoDB to MySQL and S3 to Save over 80% in Costs
What is Intel's AI Plan for 2024
How Tata Technologies is Helping Automobile Companies Build AI-Powered Cars
Top 10 China's AI Stories in 2023: A Year-End Review
Insights 2023: from unheard voices and AI to the origin story of a very popular rabbit
Is theoretical machine learning used in industry? [D]
Thanks to AI, snowstorms won't stop Walmart delivering your presents this Christmas
Pycharm for Python Developers: A Beginners Guide
Presentation: Responsible AI: From Principle to Practice!
Microsoft Bing Image Creator generates images of politicians' mangled heads
AllegroGraph 8.0 Incorporates Neuro-Symbolic AI, a Pathway to AGI
An Introduction to GPT4All
Abercrombie's 300% Surge in 2023 Beats Even Sizzling-Hot Nvidia
Forecast: 5 Top Trends In Tech And Startups We're Watching In 2024, From AI To IPOs
Autonomous Vehicles Give People with Disabilities Hope for Independence
How Can AI Help Visually Impaired People See The World
CCP releases politically approved LLM dataset with 50 billion tokens
[R] Adaptive Message Passing (Graph Machine Learning)
2024 is all about AI Factories
The TRADE predictions series 2024: The future of growing datasets
ReST meets ReACT: improving ReAct with Self-Critique, AI Feedback, and Synthetic Data Generation.
Slack's Christina Janzer is counting on AI to help workers use their time more effectively in 2024
How machine learning might unlock earthquake prediction
[D] Transformers: Polynomial gated FFN is better than SwiGLU and reduces the number of parameters while improving model's performance
Meet ChatHub: An Artificial Intelligence-Powered Chrome Extension that can Allow You to Use ChatGPT, Bing, Bard, Claude, and more Chatbots Simultaneously
Amazon's sustainability push now includes on-site hydrogen production to fuel forklifs
This AI Paper Introduces SuperContext: An SLM-LLM Interaction Framework Using Supervised Knowledge for Making LLMs Better in-Context Learners
Top 10 AI Hackathons of 2023: Showcasing Ingenuity and Technological Mastery
Inside the News Industry's Uneasy Negotiations With OpenAI
Snowflake Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
Sources: OpenAI held talks with major news publishers including Gannett, News Corp, and IAC on the price and terms of licensing their content (Benjamin Mullin/New York Times)
The top 7 people in artificial-intelligence e-commerce
Nvidia's AI Chip Stands Out as Tech's Hottest Product
AI News Roundup: Elon Musk's xAI Files as a Benefit Corp
Top Illustrations of 2023 by AIM: Editor's Pick
This AI Paper Outlines the Three Development Paradigms of RAG in the Era of LLMs: Naive RAG, Advanced RAG, and Modular RAG
[R][P] Autogen + Langchain Tools + Local LLM doesn't work.
How AI shook the world in 2023
WIRED's 2023 Year-in-Review Quiz
ISRO's Missions to Watchout for in 2024
Usage shares of programming languages in economics research
Chrome incognito mode not so private: Google to settle in class-action lawsuit
Microsoft's next-gen Surface laptops could have  True AI  features
Your Android/Windows Devices Can Power Autopilot
CES 2024 Preview: Get Ready for a 'Tsunami' of AI
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/28/2023
Large Language Models: Open Source LLMs in 2023
2023: The Crazy AI Year
Shield AI expands massive Series F with another $300M in equity, debt, scaling valuation to $2.8B
Reversion to the Mean: Unraveling a Pervasive Misconception in Business and Beyond
The Information's 2024 Predictions
Meet BarbNet: A Specialized Deep Learning Model Designed for the Automated Detection and Phenotyping of Barbs in Microscopic Images of Awns
The hardest part of building software is not coding, it's requirements
Can GPT-4-based LLM agents become autonomous cyber weapons?
One real shot, many artificial environments (Generative Fill)
How common is solo theoretical research for PhD [D]
The biggest winners in tech in 2023
Bundle Adjustment Implementation for Structure From Motion
Brand New Streamlit Component: Token Key Mastery
A Killer Fix for Scrunched Axes, Step-by-step
New prompting method could improve understanding between humans and LLMs
DreaMoving: Alibaba shows off what is essentially a TikTok generator
Treading Carefully: Best Practices When Adopting AI
Mirror, Mirror: A 'Self Aware' AI Robot Just Recognized Itself
Nvidia and AMD Power Chipmaker Stocks to Best Year Since 2009
Nvidia releases slower, less powerful AI chip for China
Unlocking the Power of Incentives: 2023 Book of the Year
LG's new ultra-lightweight Gram Pro laptops include onboard AI processing
Getting started with Google's Multi-modal  Gemini Pro Vision  LLM with Javascript for Beginners
Baidu's ChatGPT Rival Ernie Bot Surpasses 100M Users in 4 Months
AI in human computer gaming: Techniques, challenges and opportunities
The New York Times Files Lawsuit Against OpenAI and Microsoft Over A.I. Usage
Half of parents think school is ready for AI, but only 16% know what it's all about
[D] Is this a bad career move ?
Meet LG's multitasking, pet-sitting, AI-powered home robot: more helper, less Terminator
Machine learning methods to protect banks from risks of complex investment products
Rising Impact of Small Language Models
AI-created  virtual influencers  are stealing business from humans
[D] Neural ODEs: is there a way to run it fast?
Michael Cohen used Google's AI to research legal cases to cite in his appeal. The AI hallucinated them.
GitHub makes Copilot Chat generally available, letting devs ask questions about code
[D] Who are some of today's leading AI researchers who also have philosophical interests?
NYT Lawsuit Against OpenAI and Microsoft Will Dictate Future LLM Development
Introducing the Crystal Bar Chart: Visualizing Sequential Differential Clustering
Editors' Picks: Our Favorite Opinions of 2023
Photos that defined tech and business in 2023
The Guardian view on the AI conundrum: what it means to be human is elusive | Editorial
On Noisy Evaluation in Federated Hyperparameter Tuning
How-To: Cross Validation with Time Series Data
Former Trump 'fixer' Michael Cohen admits using Google Bard to cite bogus court cases
Nvidia is releasing a slower RTX 4090 in China to comply with US restrictions
MLOps data camp course thoughts?
Donald Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen says he mistakenly used bogus legal citations from Google Bard in a motion seeking an early end to court supervision (Benjamin Weiser/New York Times)
NVIDIA nerfed its RTX 4090 graphics card for Chinese buyers, thanks to US export rules
Best LLMs cost calculator, share your favourite!
Game industry predictions for 2024 | The DeanBeat
Facing roadblocks, China's robotaxi darlings apply the brakes
Microsoft's  next-gen AI PCs  could rival Apple Silicon in performance and battery life
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Documents Splitting [Part 1]
The overlooked tech that kept cities moving in 2023
Michael Cohen Says AI-Created Fake Cases Mistakenly Used in Court Brief
Build a Locally Running Voice Assistant
Baidu's ChatGPT competitor Ernie-Bot reaches 100 million users
The Information's 2023 Exit Survey of Tech Leaders
[D] Best LLMs cost calculator, share your favourite!
Soon, every employee will be both AI builder and AI consumer
GitHub launches GPT-4-powered Copilot Chat in general availability for all users, in the sidebar of Microsoft's IDEs, Visual Studio Code and Visual Studio (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
New York Times Files Lawsuit Against OpenAI for Copyright Infringement in AI
Tech's biggest losers in 2023
How we managed GPT-4 API cost at scale
Microsoft's GitHub Copilot pursues the absolute 'time to value' of AI in programming
Michael Cohen accidentally gave his lawyer fake citations, court filing says
Optimizing Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) by Selective Knowledge Graph Conditioning
LLM Output   Evaluating, debugging and interpreting.
Former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen accidentally cited fake court cases generated by AI
This AI Paper from Harvard and Meta Unveils the Challenges and Innovations in Developing Multi-Modal Text-to-Image and Text-to-Video Generative AI Models
Michael Cohen Used Fake Cases Cited by A.I. to Seek an End to Court Supervision
Understanding Naive Bayes Algorithm
The recent OpenAI changes don't bode well for AI Safety: forensic breakdown + analysis
[D] RL based pathplanning
Dell demonstrates how Windows 11 Copilot can easily navigate settings
Mercedes-Benz adds special blue lights when its self-driving cars are  on
Microsoft's Copilot app is now available on iOS
Prompting with unified diffs makes GPT-4 write much better code
Deriving a Score to Show Relative Socio-Economic Advantage and Disadvantage of a Geographic Area
You Are Killing Your Greatest Ideas
After a 33% plunge in 2022, Nasdaq finished 2023 up 43%, its best year since 2020, led by Nvidia, which jumped 239%, and Meta, which climbed 183% (CNBC)
OpenAI and others face more copyright lawsuits as systems like DALL-E produce materials that infringe on copyright without giving attribution or informing users (Gary Marcus/Marcus on AI)
GitHub Starts a Coding Conversation With New Copilot Chat Generative AI Chatbot
Applications of Data Science
Ultimate Data Science Roadmap
Microsoft launches Microsoft Copilot for iOS and iPadOS, a free ChatGPT-like app that supports GPT-4 and DALL-E 3, three days after its Android launch (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Making a text-shadow wave animation design tool in only 30 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS!)
Prompting with unified diffs makes GPT-4 far less lazy
Any AI that can listen to and transcribe music?
Can we get a little bit less stuff generated by AI, and a little more stuff about AI?
Memory Cache: local AI for Firefox that you feed
The UK's NHS deploys an AI stethoscope from Mayo Clinic spinoff Eko in 200 GP surgeries to detect heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and valvular heart disease (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
Top 5 data stories of 2023: Microsoft's play in cloud war, Databricks' acquisition and more
Top 10 AR & VR Uses in Mobile App Development to see in 2024
Meta GenAI Research Introduces ControlRoom3D: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method to Generate High-Quality 3D Room Meshes Given a Textual Description of the Room Style
From Concept to Creation: My Story Behind Snoozle
Baidu's ERNIE Bot Surpasses 100M Users as its AI Portfolio Marks Strong Adoption
Lidar sensor tech is the latest flashpoint in the US-China trade war, as the US lidar industry mounts a lobbying offensive against Chinese companies like Hesai (Tanya Snyder/Politico)
[R] Large Language Models World Chess Championship
Precision Coding Redefined: Microsoft WaveCoder's Pioneering Approach to Fine-Tuned LLM Model Performance
Why training LLMs with endpoint data will strengthen cybersecurity
NYT, Doomed to Fail like its Predecessors?
This Paper from Cornell Introduces Multivariate Learned Adaptive Noise (MuLAN): Advancing Machine Learning in Image Synthesis with Enhanced Diffusion Models
Are CLIP Models 'Parroting' Text in Images? This Paper Explores the Text Spotting Bias in Vision-Language Systems
Some authors are embracing chatbots as the latest iteration of an ancient literary conceit: a  muse , or an extra intelligence, a supplemental mental database (A.O. Scott/New York Times)
I am not sure I got the backpropagation right
Connect-Four Game
The year in patriarchy: abortion bans, circumboob and deepfake porn | Arwa Mahdawi
For all the hype in 2023, we still don't know what AI's long-term impact will be | John Naughton
The market is tough in US even before the recession. Why should a guy with masters and 2 years work experience suffer this much to find a job? Something needs to change.
Boom in A.I. Prompts a Test of Copyright Law
Nextprep
Best AI girlfriend app??
Microsoft's Surface Laptop 6 and Pro 10 devices could be its first AI PCs
Top 10 AI trends for 2025
This AI stock trader engaged in insider trading &mdash; despite being instructed not to &ndash; and lied about it
OpenAI's Annualized Revenue Tops $1.6 Billion as Customers Shrug Off CEO Drama
3 Music AI Breakthroughs to Expect in 2024
MemeZoo
[R] InfoSHAP: Explaining Predictive Uncertainty with Information Theoretic Shapley Values
This Paper Unravels the Mysteries of Operator Learning: A Comprehensive Mathematical Guide to Mastering Dynamical Systems and PDEs (Partial Differential Equation) through Neural Networks
Microsoft Copilot for iOS and iPadOS released
Meet LLM Surgeon: A New Machine Learning Framework for Unstructured, Semi-Structured, and Structured Pruning of Large Language Models (LLMs)
NeurIPS 2023 Recap   Top Startups
An Artist in Residence on A.I.'s Territory
Instagram influencers, watch out: AI is already coming for your jobs
An Intuition for How Models like ChatGPT Work
[D] Competitiveness of CS PhD in ML for top programs (24 Fall)
Company executives can ensure generative AI is ethical with these steps
LLMs are biased and don't match human preferences when evaluating text, study finds
Orchestrating Efficient Reasoning Over Knowledge Graphs with LLM Compiler Frameworks
China releases first four politically approved language models
[Project] Temporal Augmented Retrieval (TAR) - Dynamic RAG
Un estudiante mantuvo en secreto una criptomina de 6 millones de dlares
Sources: OpenAI recently topped $1.6B in annualized revenue, up from $1.3B in mid-October; some OpenAI leaders believe OpenAI can reach a $5B ARR by 2024's end (The Information)
[D] Will Stability AI be the first Generative AI unicorn that will go bust in 2024?
Narcissistic and technically incompetent manager
Want Better AI? Get Input From a Real (Human) Expert
[D] Trying to explain how neural networks work
Ten Noteworthy AI Research Papers of 2023
Microsoft's Copilot AI chatbot app arrives on iOS
Can AI Really Understand Sarcasm? This Paper from NYU Explores Advanced Models in Natural Language Processing
Tributes pour in for 'standout' 15-year-old Australian surfer killed in a suspected great white shark attack
Can You Virtually Try On Any Outfit Imaginably? This Paper Proposes a Groundbreaking AI Method for Photorealistic Personalized Clothing Synthesis
How Figma is adding AI into its products, including launching FigJam AI in public beta in November to help improve meetings with summaries, next steps, and more (Ryan McCarthy/Fast Company)
DALL-E 3 can generate copyrighted motifs without explicit prompt
Astra Health AI
Understanding Deep Learning Optimizers: Momentum, AdaGrad, RMSProp & Adam
What would happen to open source LLMs if NYT wins?
Kolay ve Hzl PDF Sktrma: Ghostscript Kullanm
AI News in 2023: a look back
Curse of Dimensionality: An Intuitive Exploration
Dhruva Space to Launch LEAP-TD Mission Aboard ISRO's PSLV-C58
A Comprehensive Guide to Python Threading: Advanced Concepts and Best Practices
How Airbnb uses AI to weed out people trying to use its rental properties for New Year's parties
Chinese robotaxi companies are shifting to less advanced but more commercially viable smart-driving solutions, as funding dries up and losses continue to mount (Rita Liao/TechCrunch)
A look at the rise of AI-generated virtual influencers, with some charging thousands of dollars to promote products, leading to concerns from human influencers (Cristina Criddle/Financial Times)
datasette-plot - a new Datasette Plugin for building data visualizations
[P] Some practical results from using GPT4 vision for OCR
PM, not data science, owns the  what and the why  (cross post from PM subreddit)
Last weeknotes of 2023
UserWise
Confused by Artificial Intelligence?
With its emphasis on user privacy, Apple is one of the few tech companies that can develop new AI data usage paradigms, setting much-needed industry standards (Joan Westenberg)
Optimizing User Experience: Using Ajax for Dynamic Web Page Loading
People are burning out on dating apps for two reasons, Hinge CEO says
Zero-Shot Text Classification Experience with HuggingFace
This Paper Introduces TF-T2V: A Novel Text-to-Video Generation Framework with Impressive Scalability and Performance Improvements
[P] Multimodal Chat in 1.5 Billion Parameters
Techs I Will Be Side Learning in 2024
Neural Networks With Pound Cakes and a Little Math
AIhub interview highlights 2023
Meet LM Evaluation Harness: An Open-Source Machine Learning Framework that Allows Any Causal Language Model to be Tested on the Same Exact Inputs and Codebase
How ima.ge.cx works
Meet ML-SEISMIC: A Physics-Informed Deep Learning Approach for Mapping Australian Tectonic Stresses with Satellite Data
[D] How to build ML systems: from MLOps to Machine Learning Pipelines
Get more out of your presentations with AI-powered annotated slides
My Five Favorite AI Papers of 2023
Possible to build a GPU server at home with Nvidia H100/A100 cards?
OpenAI's revenue grows despite CEO drama
iSH: The Linux shell for iOS
Can Language Feedback Revolutionize AI Training? This Paper Introduces Contrastive Unlikelihood Training (CUT) Framework for Enhanced LLM Alignment
How effective altruism, described by some as a cult obsessed with AI doomsday, is influencing White House, Congress, and others' approach toward AI regulation (Brendan Bordelon/Politico)
AI-powered text-to-speech tool PlayHT offers custom voice cloning and collaboration features
AMD vice president says AI-powered computers will soon understand what users want
6 AI Models/Tools for Code Generation
Why AI might make us have fewer friends at work
Detect glasses on wet surface using python and opencv
ChatGPT builds games you don't even need to install or copy/paste code to play
Run Mixtral 8x7b on Google Colab Free
This Paper from Alibaba Unveils DiffusionGAN3D: Revolutionizing 3D Portrait Generation and Adaptation with Advanced GANs and Text-to-Image Diffusion Models
5 Free Practical Kaggle Notebook to Get Started With Time Series Analysis
Seonly
Nikon, Sony, and Canon are developing camera tech that embeds digital signatures in images so that they can be distinguished from realistic AI-generated fakes (Nikkei Asia)
Sony's Neal Manowitz: As AI advances, the creative community increasingly worries about authenticity
[P] Ten Noteworthy AI Research Papers of 2023
The 'Effective Accelerationism' movement doesn't care if humans are replaced by AI as long as they're there to make money from it
As a non-data-scientist, assess my approach for finding the  most important  columns in a dataset
Grow a Treemap with Python and Plotly Express
2023 in Review
Future of LLM Interaction
Meet Monster API: An AI-Focused Computing Infrastructure for Generative AI that Enables Simplified Fine-Tuning and Deployment of Open-Source Models
Enhancing Machine Learning Models: A Deep Dive into Feature Engineering
[R]  40 years of cognitive architectures: core cognitive abilities and practical applications  (2018)
Data Machina #234
[p] I trained an LLM to teach me to code better
[R] Researchers in Huawei,Oxford and UCL propose a new finetunable generalist agent to scale RL
[P] How much data is required for making a model text like me?
There's loads of AI girlfriend apps but where are the AI assistant / friend apps?
Dev Recap: A Look Back at 2023 in Coding and Open Source Development
This Paper Explores the Future of Diagnosing and Managing Chronic Painful Temporomandibular Disorders: The Revolutionary Role of AI and Neuroimaging
llama2.c running on galixy watch 4 (tiny 44m model)
Outsmarting the Masters: How Weak AI Trains Super AI
Laughter, Surprises, AI and Climate:  A Look Back at Tech Life 2023
Can Differential Privacy and Federated Learning Protect Your Privacy? This Paper Uncovers a Major Security Flaw in Machine Learning Systems
AI is saving sales professionals more than two hours of work each day
Chief Justice Roberts used his year-end report to ponder ethical uses of AI in law but didn't mention ethical questions circling the Supreme Court
A profile of Alexander Reben, who will become OpenAI's first artist in residence for three months starting January 2024, amid a debate over the use of AI in art (Leslie Katz/New York Times)
Microsoft Researchers Unveil CodeOcean and WaveCoder: Pioneering the Future of Instruction Tuning in Code Language Models
AI learns to recognise objects with the efficiency of a newborn chick
Integrating AI chatbot  into your application in 2024        is how easy?
This Paper Unveils 'Mach' (Make-A-Character): Revolutionizing 3D Character Creation with Machine Learning for the AI and Metaverse Era
How do you provide cost/time estimates for projects?
This AI Research from China Proposes YAYI2-30B: A Multilingual Open-Source Large Language Model with 30 Billion Parameters
Do Language Models Know When They Are Hallucinating? This AI Research from Microsoft and Columbia University Explores Detecting Hallucinations with the Creation of Probes
An Overview of Microsoft Fabric Going Into 2024
This Paper Explores AI-Driven Hedging Strategies in Finance: A Deep Dive into the Use of Recurrent Neural Networks and k-Armed Bandit Models for Efficient Market Simulation and Risk Management
LangSplat makes 3D environments searchable down to the smallest detail
Master in DS with newborn
The Noonification: Craig Wright is Satoshi Nakamoto (12/31/2023)
4 key devsecops skills for the generative AI era
Breaking LLMs' Limits: Upstage AI's SOLAR 10.7B Shines Bright with Simple Scaling Magic
Social Impact of Generative AI: Benefits and Threats
How to Install ChatGPT in VSCode for Better Productivity
Stuff we figured out about AI in 2023
socra | AI for Goals
Meet MathPile: A Diverse and High-Quality Math-Centric Corpus Comprising About 9.5 Billion Tokens
What's in store for AI in 2024: Collaboration, vision   and a manipulation crisis
Last Year in AI - An yearly Unwind
ChatGPT Guide: Use these prompt strategies to maximize your results
The top 10 people in artificial-intelligence healthcare
Meet Unified-IO 2: An Autoregressive Multimodal AI Model that is Capable of Understanding and Generating Image, Text, Audio, and Action
Generative AI News - OpenAI Hegemony, Copilots Everywhere, Unity, Picsart, Symphony AI and More - Voicebot Podcast 363
[R] TinyGPT-V: Efficient Multimodal Large Language Model via Small Backbones
This AI Paper from NVIDIA Proposes Compact NGP (Neural Graphics Primitives): A Machine Learning Framework Corresponding Hash Tables with Learned Probes for Optimal Speed and Compression
It's official: 2023 was the year of Microsoft's glow-up
The 10 biggest AI events of 2023
[D] Why don't we have more interesting activation functions?
Viral Paper Tested MagicAnimate: Temporally Consistent Human Image Animation using Diffusion Model
Interview Questions for Web Developer - HTML
Introduction to Gemini Pro Vision
MySQL Introduces Javascript Support in Preview
Introducing T.N.S. (Totally Not Skynet): A GPL-licensed Open Source Visual Workflow Platform Alternative to AutoGen
Big workplace changes are coming in 2024. Are you ready?
Cybersecurity guru Mikko Hyppnen's 5 most fearsome AI threats for 2024
Open Source in 2024: More Volatility, More Risk, More AI
[D] StrategyQA may contain far more errors than we previously thought
Developers GPTs Showcase Roundtable - Voicebot Podcast 362
[D] Will LLMs completely replace foreign language translation services?
Thanks to AI, you don't need a computer science degree to get a job in tech, IBM AI chief says
Text Generation with Transformers
This Paper Introduces InsActor: Revolutionizing Animation with Diffusion-Based Human Motion Models for Intuitive Control and High-Level Instructions
Any recommendations for a custom LLM system for a beginner?
How to Detect Hallucinations in LLMs
In his year-end report, US Chief Justice John Roberts says any use of AI  requires caution  and that the judicial system  will be significantly affected by AI  (John Kruzel/Reuters)
Prompt engineering is  a bug, not a feature
What a long, strange year it's been in enterprise tech news
Using generative AI to overhaul data integration? Start here
[D] Data scientists who made a passive income, what did you do?
[R] Generative AI for Math: Part I -- MathPile: A Billion-Token-Scale Pretraining Corpus for Math
I tried Google's AI-powered workplace assistant, Duet AI. It can help draft emails and edit documents, but I wouldn't trust it for anything important.
Generative AI's 'iPhone Moment': 3 Things Developers Need to Do
GPT Quiz Maker for Google Forms
Generative AI News Highlights - Gemini, Grok, Mistral, Microsoft, and More - Voicebot Podcast Ep 366
6 Security Measures: A Guide to Safeguarding AI Applications with API Gateway
5 years of r/datascience salaries, broken down by YOE, degree, and more
Open source needs to catch up in 2024
AI to Take Center Stage at CES 2024
How I build a chatbot for my OSS project, for free, without code!
Generative AI News This Week - ChatGPT Turns 1, Anthropic's and Inflection's New Models, SoapBox Labs Acquired, Amazon Q & More - Voicebot Podcast 365
A Subtle Bias that Could Impact Your Decision Trees and Random Forests
A look at AI chatbots modeled on real experts, like US psychologist Martin Seligman, that are often created without permission, highlighting a policy gray area (Mohar Chatterjee/Politico)
socra
Gender neutral and male roles can improve LLM performance compared to female roles
OpenAI Fallout Developer Panel - Voicebot Podcast 364
Griffin 2.0: Instacart Revamps Its Machine Learning Platform
Test your Code Efficiently using pytest Module
License-Free GeniCam & GigE Vision Library
Why 2024 will be the year of 'augmented mentality'
How to write text on ai generated images?
Sources: ASML canceled shipments of some machines to China at the request of the US, weeks before export bans on the chipmaking equipment came into effect (Bloomberg)
How ChatGPT is Transforming the Way We Teach Software Development
Coding Without Coding
What I do
AI's Memory-Forming Mechanism Found To Be Strikingly Similar To The Brain's
Tesla bear calls stock 'egregiously overvalued' and says it could plunge as much as 65%
US Pushed Dutch Maker of Chip Equipment to Block Chinese Sales Before Deadline
Revolutionizing 3D Printing: Generative AI's Role in Sustainable Design
All of the Microsoft and ODSC Partnership Offerings
Fine-tune a Mistral-7b model with Direct Preference Optimization
Best Ai GF But Not Just Chat...More...
MindsDB Docker Extension: Build ML powered apps at a much faster pace
[D] Large  action  models?
[R] The Tyranny of Possibilities in the Design of Task-Oriented LLM Systems: A Scoping Survey
Filing: Baidu's $3.6B deal to acquire Joyy's Chinese livestreaming business YY Live, announced in November 2020, expires as China didn't approve by December 31 (Bloomberg)
Memory-Efficient Embeddings
[R] LARP: Language-Agent Role Play for Open-World Games
Square Enix boss sees value of films, comics, XR, AI and embracing change
AI can find your location in photos
Prompt Engineering 101: Mastering Effective LLM Communication
Edge 357: Understanding Chain-of-Thought Prompting
[Research] Should I attend the Conference or Not?
TechScape: Cybercrime, AI supremacy and the metaverse   the tech stories that will dominate 2024
7 business leaders reveal how their companies are embracing AI in 2024
What does 2024 hold for AI in Europe? Founders and investors' predictions
FrequentlyAskedAI
This AI Research Introduces TinyGPT-V: A Parameter-Efficient MLLMs (Multimodal Large Language Models) Tailored for a Range of Real-World Vision-Language Applications
MosaicML Announces Beyond Chinchilla-Optimal for LLM Scaling Laws in Inference
This Paper from China Introduces 'Experiential Co-Learning': A Novel Machine Learning Framework that Encourages Collaboration between Autonomous Agents
Winning the Sales Pitch Tug of War with AI
The Times v. Microsoft/OpenAI: Unlawful Use of The Times's Work to Create AI Products (1)
This AI Research from China Introduces 'City-on-Web': An AI System that Enables Real-Time Neural Rendering of Large-Scale Scenes over Web Using Laptop GPUs
AI May Not Steal Your Job, but It Could Stop You Getting Hired
Creating a URL Shortener with FastAPI, ReactJs and TailwindCSS
5 Ways How eCommerce Businesses Can Use ChatGPT
Using AI Responsibly: U.S. leads efforts to develop ISO/IEC 42001
A US tech talent exodus, AI getting boring and a return to some sort of normalcy: Sifted journalists' predictions for 2024
Creating a computer vision app in minutes with just two Python functions
Meet 5 workers who quit their jobs to  work in AI &mdash; and find out how they pivoted into tech's hottest field
Integrate AI Chatbot into Your App in 2024
[D] Dataset used for OpenAI Whisper
Timeseries artificial features
I made a reddit posting script that uses AI to post to a subreddit as prompted, my thoughts about it.
Navigating the truth maze in a world of clever machines and cleverer marketers
A couple paid $80,000 after being told their teen son was kidnapped. He was found living in a tent outside Salt Lake City, police said.
Meet SD4J: An Implementation of Stable Diffusion Inference in Java that can Generate Images with Deep Learning
AI will reshape the law, but human judges will stay, says Chief Justice Roberts
Open Love
Sobel Operator In Image Processing
4500 spare GenderAPI credits for anyone that needs them
Why is The New York Times suing OpenAI and Microsoft?
Meet KwaiAgents: A Generalized Information Seeking Agent System based on Large Language Models LLMs
BrainChip awarded latest Patent for Event-Based Pattern Detection
Indian AI and Robotics Startup Claims to Achieve Level 5 Autonomy
Researchers from the University of Bordeaux, France Developed Pyfiber: An Open-Source Python Library that Facilitates the Merge of Fiber Photometry (FP) with Operant Behavior
Why is GitHub Bullish About AI in Cybersecurity?
HP Inc. Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
Helm.ai announced DNN Foundation Models
This company's AI FinOps serves Snowflake, Databricks & more
The chip industry is the new star on the political scene, bringing opportunities and challenges; Nvidia and others have rapidly built US lobbying operations (Wall Street Journal)
US reportedly halted ASML's chipmaking machine shipments to China weeks before ban
PyPy Shifts to GitHub
After ten years, it's time to stop making videos.
Indian AI and Robotics Startup Claims Level 5 Autonomy
Why ChatGPT has become Lazy?
Top Generative AI Search Alternatives for Google
Why Taking a Year Off to Build a Startup is a Bad Idea
[D] Preparing my first coding interview
AI and Machine Learning in the Cloud: Azure Migration   Your Innovation Accelerator
crewAI
While you holidayed, Microsoft brought Copilot to mobile devices, again
US chief justice warns of AI 'dehumanising the law'
Nobel Prize Winner Cautions on Rush Into STEM After Rise of AI
Role of Vector Databases in FMOps/LLMOps
Hebei Province released  Robot+  Innovation Demand List
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's daily routine: 15-hour fasts and low-dose sleeping pills
Mathematical Introduction to Deep Learning: Methods, Implementations, and Theory - Free eBook
8 On-Point AIM Forecasts of 2023
To Own the Future, Read Shakespeare
Top 9 Indian Personalities in AI
What European fintech has in store for 2024
This Paper from MIT and Microsoft Introduces 'LASER': A Novel Machine Learning Approach that can Simultaneously Enhance an LLM's Task Performance and Reduce its Size with no Additional Training
Ghostbuster: detecting text ghostwritten by large language models
Demo of Face Recognition Authentication in NextJS
[R] Parallelising Heirarchical Small World Graphs
This AI newsletter is all you need #80
Microsoft's Copilot AI app expands to iPhone, iPad - here's what you can do with it
Temasek backs GenAI legaltech startup Robin AI in 18m raise
SW/HW Co-optimization Strategy for LLMs   Part 2 (Software)
Valve's latest Steam survey shows the RTX 4000-series had a holiday boost
Quoting Salvatore Sanfilippo
FreeControl allows training-free spatial control of Stable Diffusion generations
How to train coding LLMs with small auto-generated datasets
3 big-money AI jobs in the U.S. tech industry to banish your January blues
Early-stage hard tech firm Countdown Capital shutting down
9 Effective Techniques To Boost Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Systems
Square Enix plans 'aggressive' use of AI to create new forms of content
Query Planning using Open Source LLMs and Function Calling
Exploring the Power of Language Models: Introducing the LLM RAG Chatbot Series
How To Capitalize On Conversational Search
Food Delivery Apps Get an AI Agent
Python   fullstack REST API app with Docker
Images altered to trick machine vision can influence humans too
[R] AI capabilities can be significantly improved without expensive retraining
Accepting multiple offers - is this common?
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/1/2024
Waymo Publishes Report Showing Lower Crash Rates Than Human Drivers
Generative AI: Transforming education into a personalized, addictive learning experience
MyHeritage Deploys Generative AI Tools to Discover and Tell Stories of Family History and Genealogy
AI versus copyright, and why you shouldn't count your NFT chickens before they hatch
[R] Stella Nera: Achieving 161 TOp/s/W with Multiplier-free DNN Acceleration based on Approximate Matrix Multiplication
Transforming Images into Text with Python
AI is killing the grand bargain at the heart of the web. 'We're in a different world.'
OpenAI's Revenue Climbs to $133M Per Month, Likely From 1 Million New ChatGPT Paid Users
Microsoft Edge: AI Browser is the browser's new name on Android and iOS
Saving Medical Ontologies with Formal Logic: A Tale of Caution and Hope for Classical AI
US-China chip war leads to restrictions on ASML exports
AI Jailbreaks: 'Masterkey' Model Can Bypass ChatGPT Safeguards
Why the New York Times' Case Against OpenAI is Stronger Than Sarah Silverman's
OpenAI moves to shrink regulatory risk in EU around data privacy
I'm eager to learn about the most promising AI project set to launch in 2024. Any suggestions, folks?
Meeting hate - is this common?
The Future Of Consumer Healthcare: Unleashing The Power Of AI For a Holistic Approach
[D] How much should I charge for a pytorch contract programming?
Build your own ChatGPT using Google Gemini API
Great, now we have to become digital copyright experts
Samsung announces that it will hold its next Galaxy Unpacked event on January 17 at 10am PT in San Jose, to showcase new mobile devices and Galaxy AI (Iyaz Akhtar/PCMag)
Shield AI Raises Valuation to $2.8B with New Funding
AI Model Makes Mickey Mouse Images as Disney Copyright Ends
Hybrid AI and apps will be in focus in 2024, says Goldman Sachs CIO
Is AI Code Generation An Age of Industrial Revolution for Software Enterprise?
[R] Self-Attention: Positional encoding with QK kernels using FFT
Beyond Predictions: Uplift Modeling & the Science of Influence (Part I)
Japan Goes All In: Copyright Doesn't Apply To AI Training | BIIA.com
Generative AI and CX: Companies Can Implement Generative AI to Address Evolving Customer Expectations and Become More Efficient
Sex, Drugs, and AI Mickey Mouse
IDC expects genAI spending to double in these areas in '24
A Gentle Introduction to Computer Vision
Supreme Court year-end report ponders the future of AI in the judiciary
Supreme Court supremo ponders AI-powered judges, concludes he's not out of a job yet
Unlocking Infinite Possibilities with LangChain
Election deepfakes and high-profile bankruptcies: Here's what AI will bring in 2024
Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked 2024 Will Hopefully Reveal the Galaxy S24's New AI Chatbot
This year, we get ready for the Apple of your AI
Pioneering ASD Diagnosis Through AI and Retinal Imaging
Nobel laureate warns younger generations against studying STEM because AI could take over
The Essential Guide to Prompt Engineering for Creators and Innovators
On-Sensor AI to be the Next Big Step for Smartphone Cameras
Cameras, Content Authenticity, and the Evolving Fight Against AI Images
GitHub's Chief Lawyer on the EU AI Act's Impact on Open Source
Meet Netron: A Visualizer for Neural Network, Deep Learning and Machine Learning Models
Tom Scott, and the formidable power of escalating streaks
[Discussion] Anyone researching ML from small amounts of high quality (fundamental) information?
Telco business models are gradually evolving   but major headwinds remain
ML experimentation workflow for the cloud
5 ways ChatGPT can save you time in the new year
Why NYT vs. OpenAI will be the copyright fight to watch in 2024 | The AI Beat
Driverless cars swerve traffic tickets in California even if they break the law
[D] Optimizing mean loss vs extremal loss
Web Dev 2024: Fediverse Ramps Up, More AI, Less JavaScript
Building an AI Game Bot  Using Imitation Learning and 3D Convolution ResNet
Mozilla pivots towards AI future as Firefox market share declines
Need Suggestions for MSc Research Project in Data Engineering
Basics of Statistics in Data Science
EvilDevOPS chatBOT is here (fork it!)
Geospatial Indexing Explained: A Comparison of Geohash, S2, and H3
Getting Started with Gemini API: A Comprehensive Practical Guide
From Apache Flink to GenAI: 5 Data Engineering Predictions
Five Predictions for the 2024 Creator Economy
A New Study from Korea Introduces a Deep Learning-Based Approach to Screen for Autism and Symptom Severity Using Retinal Photographs
[D] Landing an industry research scientist internship/full-time position with only one publication?
Navigating the AI Landscape of 2024: Trends, Predictions, and Possibilities
A Guide To Modular Prompting GPT-4 For Interactive Python Dashboards
A Surgeon's Reflections on Artificial Intelligence
Using great circle distance to determine Twin Cities
Unveiling FlashAttention-2
Building Your First Streamlit Application: A Beginner's Guide
Self-Attention Guidance: Improving Sample Quality of Diffusion Models
Why Virtual Meeting Companies Should Use Speech AI
2024 and the Danger of the Logarithmic AI Wave
Early Mickey Mouse is now in the public domain and AI is already on the case
Japanese camera makers will employ digital signatures to differentiate real photos from deepfakes
Google's SEO guru John Mueller comments on AI-generated images
Open source AI voice cloning arrives with MyShell's new OpenVoice model
Michael Cohen gave his lawyer fake citations invented by Google Bard AI tool
NPM: modele-social
What is the best and easiest-to-learn programming language in 2024?
Graph-Based Prompting and Reasoning with Language Models
The State: A Fortress of Gatekeepers Crushing Innovation
Moodboard Creator
I love Python/am good at it but I don't understand SQL
How This Pune-based AI Startup is Revolutionising Radiology Workflow
Leaked benchmarks reveal mid-range AMD Ryzen 8600G iGPU outperforming the GTX 1060
Neuchips to showcase Gen AI Inferencing Accelerators at CES 2024
A profile of Midjourney founder David Holz, who co-founded Leap Motion in 2008 before a $30M sale in 2019, as the AI art tool prepares for the 2024 US elections (Parmy Olson/Bloomberg)
Gemini: Bridging Tomorrow's Deep Neural Network Frontiers with Unrivaled Chiplet Accelerator Mastery
Meet UniRef++: A Game-Changer AI Model in Object Segmentation with Unified Architecture and Enhanced Multi-Task Performance
Recap: What's Ahead for Enterprise AI in 2024
Announcing the 2024 Data Engineering & Ai X Innovation Summits
SK hynix to exhibit AI Memory Leadership at CES 2024
Top 9 Generative AI Adoptions by Indian Consumer Companies
London-based Robin AI, which develops a free Microsoft Word add-in for creating and reviewing legal contracts using Anthropic's Claude, raised a $26M Series B (Paul Gillin/SiliconANGLE)
How Bangalore is Technologically Driving Uber Forward
Job Offer
[D] Why do the conferences and workshops still insist on using  LatinX  when it seems like the Latino community is largely against it?
[D] Cloud-based GPU rental service recommendations?
Samsung Galaxy Unpacked 2024 announced; S24 reservations open
OpenAI shifts EU data processing to its Dublin office
What is Retrieval Augmented Generation?
JPMorgan Announces DocLLM for Multimodal Document Understanding
This AI Paper Introduces a Groundbreaking Approach to Causal Reasoning: Assessing the Abilities of Language Models with CLadder and CausalCoT
Python  Tuple+ : Named Tuples
The top 6 people in artificial-intelligence edtech
AI in Modern Warfare   Explore the New Era of Advanced Military Technology
Have you ever cold emailed your way to get a job?
LLMs are just like Toothpaste
Masters in Language Technology at Gothenburg
AI-Related Entry-level Roles Offer 128% Higher Salaries
Samsung Places AI at Forefront as 2024 Phone Launches Kick Off
WordSnap - AI Flashcards Maker
Top execs from French AI unicorn Owkin are launching a new startup to build an LLM for biotech
Complex, unfamiliar sentences make the brain's language network work harder
Pet Booth: AI Pet Photos
Kerala to Transform Kochi into an AI Hub, Global AI Summit in 2024
Mapping Interest in Generative AI by Country
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/2/2024
Despite the focus on generative AI misinformation, much of the policy discourse ignores that politicians pose the gravest threat, ahead of big elections in 2024 (Rasmus Nielsen/Financial Times)
Researchers from the University of Oxford Developed a Deep Learning-Based Software for Precision Tracking of Fish Movement in Complex Environments
[P] Python package for multimodal data fusion: Fusilli
Inferring neural activity before plasticity as a foundation for learning beyond backpropagation
This AI Paper from Mete Introduces Hyper-VolTran: A Novel Neural Network for Transformative 3D Reconstruction and Rendering
A Nobel Prize-winning economist warned students against rushing into STEM to get AI jobs, saying they may sow their 'own seeds of self-destruction'
Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
Rapid artefact removal and H&E-stained tissue segmentation
CSS in Stylesheets
Atos Shares Drop After Airbus Deal Talks Disappoint Investors
ChatGPT Systems: Prompt Injection and How to avoid ?
How GPT-4 Fast-Tracked Novice Developers to Pros in Less Than a Year
Human perception can be subtly influenced by watermarked AI images, Deepmind study finds
In Rust for Python: A Match from Heaven
Beware the 'botshit': why generative AI is such a real and imminent threat to the way we live | Andr Spicer
EU lassos tech giants in bid to rein in the AI Wild West
Demystifying LLMs: A Quick Summary to Andrej Karpathy's Intro to LLM Course
Keeping Interview Ready
Run an LLM Locally with LM Studio
Samsung unveils its first robot vacuum-mop that uses AI to detect stains and can steam clean floors
[Exclusive] Bengaluru Developer Makes Alto Autonomous with Redmi
New insight into how brain adjusts synaptic connections during learning may inspire more robust AI
Future of Health: Hologram Sciences' Ian Brady's Leading Role in Gen AI and Precision Nutrition
Paracetamol.py | #09: Explica este cdigo Python
How SuperDuperDB delivers an easy entry to AI apps
MyShell releases OpenVoice voice cloning AI
Why Users Have to Compliment ChatGPT To Get the Most Out of It
Cyborg computer combining AI and human brain cells really works
[Exclusive] Ola Employee Makes Alto Autonomous with Redmi
Best Online AI Certification and Courses to Master AI Technology in 2024
'A piece of performance poetry': an absurd, decade-old Twitter account can teach us a lot about AI
TNW Podcast: Marjut Falkstedt on EIF's future; brain-computer utopia and autonomous cars
Leonardo.AI Raises $31 Million to Fuel Generative AI Art Platform
OpenAI Model Deprecation Guide
Developer Productivity in 2024: New Metrics, More GenAI
The Architect of Microsoft's Vaunted Cloud Bundle Turns His Gaze to AI
AI Agents in 2024
Mimicry or Transformation? Fair Use and Copyright Clash Over AI Training Methods
It's 2024 and they just want to learn
Microsoft Copilot is now available on iOS and Android
AI could make cities autonomous, but that doesn't mean we should let it happen
AI powered video summarizer with Amazon Bedrock and Anthropic's Claude
Enhancing Accountability and Trust: Meet the 'AI Foundation Model Transparency Act'
DNA Sequence Classification Using Naive Baye's Algorithm
What is 'expedited onboarding' and how will AI influence it?
Too Many Python Versions to Manage? Pyenv to the Rescue
Knowledge Series #18: Databases Explained
LG's 2024 OLED TVs put a bigger focus on AI processing than ever before
Full-Stack Toolbox  : Python  Edition
[D] Thoughts on Mamba Speech Synthesis?
Exploring AI's Future: 2024's Pivotal Trends and Ethical Challenges
AI is here   and everywhere: 3 AI researchers look to the challenges ahead in 2024
Pet Booth
Multimodal Chaining: GPT4 with ElevenLabs
Intel forms Articul8 AI, an AI company with backing from DigitalBridge and others; executives did not give the deal's value or say if Intel had a majority stake (Stephen Nellis/Reuters)
Harvard's president might not be the last to lose her job over plagiarism claims, thanks to the power of AI
A New AI Research Introduces LoRAMoE: A Plugin Version of Mixture of Experts (Moe) for Maintaining World Knowledge in Language Model Alignment
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) on Text Data with Python
2024 predictions: AI will help make Web3 usable in mainstream applications and Web3 will help us trust AI, Web3 regulatory clarity, flat VC investing, and more (Fred Wilson/AVC)
Improve Text Embedding with Simple Prompts
Microsoft's 'AI Browser' Edge Is a Precursor to the 'AI'-ification of Everything
It is raining Language Models! All about the new Small Language Models   Phi-2
Court Docs Reveal Midjourney Wanted to Copy the Style of These Photographers
Robin AI raises $26 million to take its AI-powered legal contract solutions global
[D] Putting kaggle competition on resume?
The Case for Decentralizing Your AI Tech Stack
Dell EMEA CTO on AI and Multi-cloud
Meet MobileVLM: A Competent Multimodal Vision Language Model (MMVLM) Targeted to Run on Mobile Devices
How Artificial Intelligence Might be Worsening the Reproducibility Crisis in Science and Technology
AI Basics: A Deep Dive into Activation Functions
LangChain's 1st Module: Model I/O
LG reveals new OLED TVs with high 144Hz refresh rates ahead of CES 2024
What the AI copyright fights are truly about: Human labor versus endless machines
Researchers develop a new method for path-following performance of autonomous ships
Roku announces new lineup of high-end TVs to launch this spring
Researchers use AI to identify suicide risk factors in adolescents
20 things to consider before rolling out an AI chatbot to your customers
Intel Launches Enterprise GenAI Company: Articul8
Samsung's New Robot Vacuum Is Scarily Intelligent
Meta Unveils Generative AI Debugging Toolkit HawkEye
Until now, Nintendo's Tetris had only been beaten by AI. Enter this 13-year-old kid from Oklahoma.
What Junior ML Engineers Actually Need to Know to Get Hired?
New export ban to China hits ASML's DUV lithography chip manufacturing tools
Can AI read and rate college essays more fairly than humans do?
AI can now attend a meeting and write code for you. Here's why you should be cautious
ChatGPT Meets Its Match: The Rise of Anthropic Claude Language Model
Study taps artificial intelligence to streamline the crowdsourcing of ideas
Police Say AI-Generated Article About Local Murder Is  Entirely  Made Up
How crowded are the oceans? New maps show what flew under the radar until now
Four tips for a healthy news diet in 2024, from an expert in media psychology
IDC predicts a 20% growth rate for the semiconductor market in 2024
Unveiling the Power of Window and Ranking Functions in SQL
We used AI and satellite imagery to map ocean activities that take place out of sight, including fishing, shipping and energy development
TerraMaster Challenges Synology With the 'Most Powerful 4-Bay NAS to Date'
LG's newest OLED TVs will use AI to look and sound better than ever
Introduction to Assistants API for Javascript Developers
Using TypeScript with WebGL to render graphics on the web
Europe to Launch its First Exascale Supercomputer in 2024
UK urged to get ready for disaster with new national crises plan   but our research reveals the dark side of prepping
Tidier.jl, Julia's tidyverse is fast and extensive
CLIP Model and The Importance of Multimodal Embeddings
Neural Networks Seem Magical? Here's Your Simple Mathematical Explanation
Announcing the ODSC East 2024 Pre-Bootcamp Primer Courses
Postgres Rolls Into 2024 with Massive Momentum. Can It Keep It Up?
Google's Gemini Pro and OpenAI's GPT-4V compete in visual capabilities
Fastest Way to Read Excel in Python
Buckle Up: Driverless Cars Can't Get Traffic Tickets In California
AI is our 'Promethean fire': using it wisely means knowing its true nature   and our own minds
Intel spins off AI software into Articul8 AI, tackles privacy and cost in generative AI
Most large fishing boats go untracked as 'dark vessels'
AI agents help explain other AI systems
What is Gemini? Everything You Should Know About Google's new AI model
2023 calendar of key AI releases and demos
Roku Claims New Pro Series 4K TVs Will Optimize Your Settings With AI
Researchers developed three AI models to analyze 2,000TB of maritime data and create the first global map of vessel traffic and offshore infrastructure (Justine Calma/The Verge)
Users to Google: Make Bard More Like ChatGPT
Intel GenAI For Yield, TSMC CFET & 3D Stacking, AMD 3D Device Modeling, Applied Materials Material Innovation, SK Hynix HBM 4, Micron 3D DRAM & FeRAM, Hybrid Bonding vs TCB - IEDM 2023
California senator files bill prohibiting agencies from working with unethical AI companies
[R] First authorship
Cryptocurrency Market Data in R
The NYT vs OpenAI Is Not Just a Legal Battle
Forrester identifies biggest barriers to generative AI success
LG NOVA teams with West Virginia to invest $700M in tech startups and other projects
Apple's Ferret Multimodal LLM Getting New Attention
The AI Revolution in Healthcare Is Here to Stay
Microsoft Copilot Add AI Music Creation
[R] ReCoRe: Regularized Contrastive Representation Learning of World Model
Microsoft Copilot app is a stealthy AI launch that you should pay attention to
Are You Being Seduced By ChatGPT?
Learning more python to understand modules
Dell EMEA's CTO on AI and Multicloud
Intel Appoints Outsider Hotard to Head Crucial Data Center Unit
What exactly is causal inference? How do you use it in your job?
In a letter to a group of victims of its October 2023 breach, 23andMe blames them, saying that  users negligently recycled and failed to update their passwords  (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Satellite imagery analysis shows immense scale of dark fishing industry
10 Cool CodePen Demos (December 2023)
Meet SPACEL: A New Deep-Learning-based Analysis Toolkit for Spatial Transcriptomics
Strategies for quantifying similarity between two data series?
AI Hallucinations Are a Boon to Creatives
Microsoft adds AI button to keyboards to summon chatbots
Microsoft's AI button for its Copilot tool marks its first major addition to PC keyboards in 30 years
Docker Essentials: A Beginner's Blueprint
Interview with Christopher Chandler: closed-loop robot reactive planning
How to think about LLMs and what are the different viewpoints out there? [D]
Intel spins out a new generative AI company
Level 50 Data Scientist: Python Libraries to Know
2024 will be the Year of Microsoft Copilot
Improving Azure AI Search results with semantic search
Yes, Some New Windows Keyboards Are Getting a 'Copilot Key' to Quick-Access AI
Study Shows that LLMs are Gender Bias
K Health & Mayo Clinic to develop Cardiac Clinical AI Solution
8 backend repos used by the top 1% of python devs
How do we find the repos used by the top 1% of devs?
Keyboard Gets Changed After 30 Years Thanks to Microsoft Copilot
Philosophy and data science   Thinking deeply about data
AI search startup Perplexity raises $74 million at $520 million valuation
There's only a 5% chance of AI making humans extinct, a study featuring 2,700 AI researchers has found
Art Meets Algorithm: Can AI Create True Beauty?
Researchers from UCLA and Snap Introduce Dual-Pivot Tuning: A Groundbreaking AI Approach for Personalized Facial Image Restoration
Meeranda selected to pitch at Microsoft Reactor
AI-powered search engine Perplexity AI, now valued at $520M, raises $70M
AI influencers are missing the one thing companies hire human influencers for
What's next for AI in 2024
10+ Open-Source Tools for LLM Applications Development
This Paper from MBZUAI Introduces 26 Guiding Principles Designed to Streamline the Process of Querying and Prompting Large Language Models
There's a 5% chance of AI causing humans to go extinct, say scientists
A Movie Recommendation System Using Nearest Neighbours and TensorFlow.
The era of the AI PC  begins  today  with a new Copilot button on PC keyboards, Microsoft says
Intel spins out a new enterprise-focused gen AI software company
Microsoft Adds AI Key in First Change to PC Keyboard in Decades
Q&A with Qualcomm CEO Cristiano Amon on generative AI moving from the cloud into mobile devices, AI changing the UX of smartphones, AI coming into VR, and more (Tim Bradshaw/Financial Times)
Is there an AI that simulates Civilization?
[D] Making a paper reading habit - what are your go to methods?
Kepler's Humanoid Robot makes grand debut at CES
SQL Efficiency Discussion
Microsoft's new Copilot key is the first big change to Windows keyboards in 30 years
Dell's Is Betting Big on AI With Its New XPS Laptops
Hold Onto Your Hats, Tech Voyagers: 2024's Mind-Bending Trends are Here!
Intel and DigitalBridge launch Articul8, an Enterprise GenAI company
Researchers use AI to spot humanity's hidden sea activity
On the statistical analysis of rounded or binned data
Microsoft is making its biggest change to Windows keyboards in decades
How do you detect when a data scientist is chasing a wild goose? And how do you prevent them from consuming company resouces unnecessarily?
Perplexity AI Secures $70 Mn, Reaches $520 Mn Valuation
5 Hard Truths About Generative AI for Technology Leaders
AI Drift In Retrieval Augmented Generation   AND   How To Control It!
As Robotaxis Hit City Streets, Local Officials Often Have Little Power Over Them
A Winding Road to Parameter Efficiency
Perplexity, which offers an AI-based  answer engine  used by 10M to compete with Google, raised $74M at a $520M valuation from IVP, Jeff Bezos, and others (Miles Kruppa/Wall Street Journal)
Serverless Computing In 2024: GenAI Influence, Security, 5G
The dark secret of LLMs: Task contamination could be fooling us, researchers say
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/3/2024
India Holds Ground as Hyperloop Hype Declines
AI will become our second brain. We must teach our kids how to use it.
Codium | AI Assistant for DEVs
From HumanForest to BrewDog: five firms to watch in a time of turbulence
Why Are Consulting Firms Building LLMs
Tutorial: Data-deidentification of Text in the Electronic Medical Records
Humanoid robot acts out prompts like it's playing charades
China Open Sources TinyGPT-V, Outperforms Larger MLLMs
Life's Good When AI does the Chores
After 30 Years, Windows Keyboard Gets a Copilot Upgrade
Conversational AI Startup Coqui Shuts Down
How UCaaS Will Meet Business Collaboration Demands by Leveraging AI and AR/VR   by Wayne Gratton, Chief Commercial Officer   Nuvias UC
The Download: what's next for AI, and quantum computing challenges
BostonGene named Leading Innovator in AI-Driven Drug Repurposing
Intel appoints HPE executive Justin Hotard to lead its data center and AI group, a crucial unit to its turnaround, replacing veteran Sandra Rivera on February 1 (Ian King/Bloomberg)
[D] Current job market?
ISRO, SpaceX Partner for GSAT-20 Satellite Launch
[D] Which tech skills will make you a standout in ml job market?
Edge 358: Inside AGENTS: An Open Source Framework for Autonomous Language Agents
Heard on the Street   1/4/2024
Microsoft wants to add a Copilot key to your PC keyboard
Anyone else B2B finding the tech recession is messing w their models?
Microsoft Researchers Introduce an Innovative Artificial Intelligence Method for High-Quality Text Embeddings Using Synthetic Data. introduce a novel and simple method for obtaining high-quality text embeddings using only synthetic data
Sources: OpenAI offered some media companies as little as between $1M and $5M per year to license their news articles for use in model training, a tiny amount (The Information)
This AI Paper Introduces DL3DV-10K: A Large-Scale Scene Dataset for Deep Learning-based 3D Vision
The Rising Era of AI: How Artificial Intelligence is Taking Over the Coding World and Transforming Programming Jobs
Alibaba Researchers Unveil Unicron: An AI System Designed for Efficient Self-Healing in Large-Scale Language Model Training
Mobileye Plunges as Full-Year Revenue Forecast Falls Short
Google Bard Advanced is coming, but it likely won't be free
Diffusion Light: AI light probes for more realistic virtual objects
Prompt Engineering, Agents, and LLMs: Kickstart a New Year of Hands-On Learning about AI
Checking For Train, Test, Split Success
OpenAI Offers Publishers as Little as $1 Million a Year
How will AI affect the employee experience in 2024?
Accelerating Inference on End-to-End Workflows with H2O.ai and NVIDIA
Google OAuth secrets exposed as account-hijacking MultiLogin vulnerability discovered
This AI Paper from CMU Unveils New Approach to Tackling Noise in Federated Hyperparameter Tuning
What to know about open-source alternatives to GPT-4 Vision
Unleashing the Power of Full-Stack Development with Python  : A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners
How Multimodality Makes LLM Alignment More Challenging
Microsoft reveals new Copilot key for Windows keyboards
Shaping the future of advanced robotics
Paracetamol.py | #12: Explica este cdigo Python
This Legal AI Startup's Approach Won It Attention from Singapore
All LLM improvements are just task contamination?
Microsoft is adding a dedicated Copilot key to Windows keyboards
Happy Puppies and Silly Geese: Pushing the Limits of A.I. Absurdity
How to specify the data format when saving Excel via Python?
Can AI provide better customer service?
Mobileye stock drops 25% after the self-driving tech company warned that customer orders may fall in Q1 as automakers stocked up during chip shortages (Rohan Goswami/CNBC)
Scientists Say This Is the Probability AI Will Drive Humans Extinct
Asking for tips on doing masters in Germany (non-cs background)
Asynchronous Data Pulling From Web APIs in JavaScript
Theory Venture's Tomasz Tunguz unveils 2024 predictions: AI dominance, resurging Web3, and the new normal of tech investments
Microsoft Installs Copilot Key on PC Keyboards for Generative AI Assistant Access
AI could change how we obtain legal advice, but those without access to the technology could be left out in the cold
AI's Biggest Challenges Are Still Unsolved
OpenAI will open its custom ChatGPT store next week
OpenAI to Launch Online Store for Custom Versions of ChatGPT Next Week
Google outlines new methods for training robots with video and large language models
Custom Object Detection: Exploring Fundamentals of YOLO and Training on Custom Data
How Real-Time Vector Search Can Be a Game-Changer Across Industries
Promotion Forecasting: Case Study with a Retail Giant
Using Lightning AI Studio For Free
Viewpoint: AI could make cities autonomous, but that doesn't mean we should let it happen
Apple is a big-noise no-show at CES 2024
Generate AI Images in Seconds with New Model from Hugging Face
Python & OpenAI beginner journey 7 | Bot working & JavaScript for front-end
Methods for generating synthetic descriptive data
OpenAI's app store for GPTs will launch next week
Bard Advanced could be Google's answer to ChatGPT-4
How LinkedIn Uses Machine Learning to Address Content-related Threats and Abuse
Spotify's Editorial Playlists Are Losing Influence Amid AI Expansion
API Authorization and Authentication
Optimization or Architecture: How to Hack Kalman Filtering
Researchers develop AI-driven machine-checking method for verifying software code
[D] Results from Deploying Quantized version of SOLAR 10.7B-Instruct
A look at the current AI philosophy landscape, with existential pessimism and accelerationism, and the need for a balanced, enterprising optimism as a third way (Brendan McCord/Cosmos Institute)
Researchers Say There's a 5% Chance That AI Will Cause Human Extinction
All Science journals will now do an AI-powered check for image fraud
ChatGPT, Copilot, and Bard: How AI is rewriting the internet
AI-Powered Customer Support App: Semantic Search with PGVector, Llama2 with an RAG System, and.
The Man Who Made Robots Dance Now Wants Them to Think for Themselves
What Makes A Strong AI?
[D] Dropping out ML PhD - advice?
The Top Large Language Models Going Into 2024
Intel Spins Off Enterprise Generative AI Deployment Firm Articul8
Google Deepmind shares its latest AI research for everyday robots
Is this mysterious 700W Nvidia GPU a new H200 chip or an RTX 4090 Titan?
Encoding Categorical Data with One-hot Encoding
Where do the non-stupid people work?
Apple reportedly outbids OpenAI in race to secure AI deals with media companies
Things No One Tells You About Testing Machine Learning
Google and MIT Researchers Introduce Synclr: A Novel AI Approach for Learning Visual Representations Exclusively from Synthetic Images and Synthetic Captions without any Real Data
Trending Data Engineering Topics, the Top AI News from 2023, and Mapping Out the Top Open-Source.
A More Intuitive Way To Understand Graph Neural Networks With a Code Example
Why Do Data Teams Fail at Delivering Tangible ROI?
What are the best deep learning papers of 2023?[D]
Google appears to be working on an 'advanced' version of Bard that you have to pay for
StreamDiffusion: A Pipeline-level Solution for Real-time Interactive Generation
Memo: OpenAI plans to launch its GPT store next week; the store was originally slated to open in November, but it was delayed after OpenAI's leadership crisis (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Bayesian Inference: A Unified Framework for Perception, Reasoning, and Decision-making
AI is our 'Promethean fire': Using it wisely means knowing its true nature and our own minds
Harnessing AI: The Future of Social Media Content Creation
Microsoft Adds AI to PC Keyboard   First Change in 30 Years
Until now, sellers have used AI to get the best deal for themselves   those tables are about to turn
ChatGPT Has Been Given a Face And It's Super Weird
AI is here, and everywhere: Three AI researchers look to the challenges ahead in 2024
Update half a year into my first data science job...
What Next? Exploring Graph Neural Network Recommendation Engines
Applying for Data Analyst Roles as Data Scientist: A Wise Career Move?
Watch an autonomous robot cook shrimp, then build it yourself
OpenAI reportedly lowballing news partners for licensed data
The Secret To Creating Successful Data Stories, Not Trashboards
Meet Vald: An Open-Sourced, Highly Scalable Distributed Vector Search Engine
Splitwise improves GPU usage by splitting LLM inference phases
Anthropic Will Not Train Its AI on Clients' Data
Google Gemini: The AI model by Google
MLOps end-to-end tutorial in Snowflake/Streamlit including Model Registry and Deployment
100 Days of AI Day 2: Enhancing Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT
Late model: OpenAI GPT Store may debut next week
OpenAI's Plan to Give Everyone Custom Chatbots Drops Next Week
Samsung and Hyundai are teaming up to add SmartThings to cars
NIST Creates Cybersecurity Playbook for Generative AI
Needed career advice in 2024 in the era of AI
CES 2024: 3 trends to watch to see what's next in tech
Google wrote a 'Robot Constitution' to make sure its new AI droids won't kill us
My blog's year archive pages now have tag clouds
Resurrection consent: It's time to talk about our digital afterlives
OpenAI Board Has Discussed Seats With Scale AI's Wang, Investor Friedman
Alleged Groomer to Get the AI Hologram Treatment
100 Days of AI Day 3: Leveraging AI for Prompt Engineering and Inference
Microsoft's New AI Button Marks First Windows Keyboard Addition in Three Decades
how to get more views
100 Days of AI Day 1: From Newsletter to Podcast, Leveraging AI for Audio Transformation
New report identifies types of cyberattacks that manipulate behavior of AI systems
Dell Reveals New XPS 13, 14 and 16 Laptops With Microsoft's Copilot for Windows
CES 2024: How to watch as Nvidia, Samsung and more reveal hardware, AI updates
Midjourney Plans to Introduce a Text-to-Video Model
OpenAI In Talks With Dozens of Publishers to License Content
Why One Venture Capitalist Decided to Call it Quits
OpenAI Says It's In Talks With Dozens of Publishers About Licensing Content
OpenAI WIll Debut GPT Store for Custom Generative AI Apps Next Week
DeepMind Robotics researchers outline new methods for training robots, like AutoRT, which can leverage a visual language model for better situational awareness (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
[D] What are the latest breakthroughs in RL + LLMs
Top 30 GitHub Python Projects At The Beginning Of 2024
Practical Nuances of Time Series Forecasting   Part II  Improving Forecast Accuracy
Practical Guide to Trunk Based Development
OpenAI to launch GPT Store next week
This Week's Most Read: AI Takes Center Stage at CES 2024
Why are high-end Apple Silicon CPUs hardly better than low-end CPUs with Core ML inference ? [Discussion]
Harness the Power of R for Survival Analysis: Join Our {ggsurvfit} Webinar!
What 2024 Has In Store for Indian CMOs
OpenAI's GPT Store Set to Open Next Week After Delayed Rollout
Exclusive: Databricks research confirms that Intel's Gaudi bests Nvidia on price performance for AI accelerators
How Truly Sustainable is the GenAI Business?
MosaicML Proposes Modifying Chinchilla Scaling Laws to Account for Inference Costs when Determining Optimal LLM Size
Qualcomm Unveils Mixed Reality Chip for Google, Samsung
Is knowledge of Gaussian processes methods useful?
Perplexity Hits 10 Million MAUs and Closes $73.6M in Funding for its Answer Engine
This AI Paper from UT Austin and Meta AI Introduces FlowVid: A Consistent Video-to-Video Synthesis Method Using Joint Spatial-Temporal Conditions
IIT Patna Releases Multimodal Hindi-English Medical Dataset
This Paper Explores Deep Learning Strategies for Running Advanced MoE Language Models on Consumer-Level Hardware
AI For DevOps   Concepts, Benefits, and Tools
OpenAI Offers Publishers a Mere $1 Million for News Licensing
Everyone wants better web search   is Perplexity's AI the answer?
Leveraging Big Data for Advanced Fraud Detection and Robust Risk Management
[D] Setting up a small HPC for orchestrating a small teams AI research
Untether AI enters 2024 positioned for growth
A survey of 2,778 researchers shows how fragmented the AI science community is
[D] Training LLM with A100 vs 4x4090?
Globant reveals its 2024 Tech Trends
$2 Bn Design Startup InVision Shuts Down Amidst Industry Rivalry
Meta's AI chief says he turned down a job as a Google director in 2002 partly because of low pay
Amazon Bedrock: Game-changing disruption in 4 sectors
FriendliAI announced the launch of Friendli Serverless Endpoints
These AI-powered apps can hear the cause of a cough
Data Science Hiring Process at Bosch
Get an AI Education in 2024 for Just $20
[R] SOLAR 10.7B: Scaling Large Language Models with Simple yet Effective Depth Up-Scaling
[D] ArXiv alternatives (or is there possible for more  on hold  transparency)?
Teradata Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
DeepMind is trying to train robots for real-world activities
What to Expect from Indian IT in 2024
JPMorgan AI Research Introduces DocLLM: A Lightweight Extension to Traditional Large Language Models Tailored for Generative Reasoning Over Documents with Rich Layouts
2024 will be 'The year of AI glasses'
What is TensorFlow? The machine learning library explained
I moved to Dubai from the UK and love it. Life is safer and easier here.
Current and former employees detail Baidu's difficulty incubating new businesses including CEO Robin Li's leadership style and most talented staff leaving (Financial Times)
Meet LLama.cpp: An Open-Source Machine Learning Library to Run the LLaMA Model Using 4-bit Integer Quantization on a MacBook
The top 7 people in artificial intelligence  defense
BrainChip takes Vegas to the Edge with 'All Things AI' at CES 2024
Nvidia GeForce RTX 4090 vs. AMD Radeon RX 7900 XTX: Is the GeForce Premium Worth It?
ChatGPT Is Accused of Copying. It'll Be Scarier When It Doesn't Need To
Unveiling the Commonsense Reasoning Capabilities of Google Gemini: A Comprehensive Analysis Beyond Preliminary Benchmarks
Samsung partners with Tesla and Hyundai to offer deeper smart home and EV controls
The Humane touch: More MVNOs are being minted than ever
Continuous monitoring of KMeans model post production
E/acc is Silicon Valley's response to all your negativity
Lisa P. Young appointed to Valo's Board of Directors
AppWeaver
Why is Samsung Selling AI?
What's next for AI regulation in 2024?
Foxconn Expects Sales to Fall as iPhone Doubts Grow
Is imposter syndrome in data analytics/science common?
How the GenAI Revolution Reminds Us of 1990s Computing
Gonna Doomer for a moment: The worst thing AI is going to inflict on us will be the emotional manipulation.
6 ways AI can make your life easier in 2024
Meet CLOVA: A Closed-Loop AI Framework for Enhanced Learning and Adaptation in Diverse Environments
How This Coimbatore-based AI Lab is Helping Developers Build LLMs
Instagram AI Glitch
[P] Training a Quantized Video Compression Autoencoder
More deals with publishers could be a sign that Big AI is softening its stance on fair use
PSPDFKit acquires Integrify
This is 2424, people have to carry a bag with plants producing oxygen due to severe air pollution
What's next for generative AI in enterprises?
GPT-4 Drives WHOOP's Personalised Fitness Coaching
Intellicheck introduces Identity Platform Advancements
OpenAI GPT Stores to open next week
Aurora and Continental pass first major hurdle in commercial self-driving trucks deal
The EU's antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager plans to meet with the CEOs of Google, Apple, Nvidia, and Broadcom in the US next week (Foo Yun Chee/Reuters)
In 2024, AI Will Spark an Indie Video Game Renaissance (and Nightmare)
Engadget Podcast: Gearing up for CES 2024
5 steps to ensure startups successfully deploy LLMs
Aurora finalizes design of self-driving trucks it will make with Continental
AI breathes new life into old trends at CES gathering
Google DeepMind has new rules to make sure AI robots behave when tidying your home
AssemblyAI's New Integrations & Latest Tutorials
Data Cleaning in SQL: How To Prepare Messy Data for Analysis
Where 2024's  open GPT4  can't match OpenAI's
App Store for GPTs Coming Next Week
Factor Analysis in R workshop
Is This The End of Cell Towers?
The Download: producing rare earth minerals, and future AI regulation
Paris-based AI startup Nabla raises $24m Series B to boost US expansion
OpenAI's Make or Break Lawsuit and the Golden Idol of AGI
Researchers from Google Propose a New Neural Network Model Called 'Boundary Attention' that Explicitly Models Image Boundaries Using Differentiable Geometric Primitives like Edges, Corners, and Junctions
Nvidia, Databricks investments value generative AI search startup at $520M
The annotated S4.[D]
(New Approach) LLMs + Knowledge Graph : Handling Large documents and data for any industry  .
Legacy of The Titan of Programming
In the name of science
This Paper Introduces LARP: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Role-Playing Language Agents Tailored for Open-World Games
Stable Diffusion Phenomenon: from core principles to real-world applications
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: January 5th, 2024
TFT: an Interpretable Transformer
Nabla raises another $24 million for its AI assistant for doctors that automatically writes clinical notes
Briefing: Spotify Confidence, Pinterest predictions, Airplane acqui-hired
In Defense of AI Hallucinations
Enroll in a 4-year Computer Science Degree Program For Free
Prediction of DNA-Protein Interaction using CNN and LSTM.
How to Train a Custom Faster RCNN Model In PyTorch
How Microsoft is building an AI moat with Copilot
Criando modal/popover sem JS e CSS em 1 min!
Dublin's Luna joins Qualcomm in micromobility venture
Solving AI's ethical challenges with responsible innovation
Brent Crude Oil Price Forecasting using GRU.
OpenAI's GPT Store to launch next week after delays
LLM Agents   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
Inside MemGPT: An LLM Framework for Autonomous Agents Inspired by Operating Systems Architectures
I Tried Data Analysis ChatGPT Plugin: Every Analyst's Dream or a Nightmare in Disguise
KissanAI Partners with UNDP to Launch CoPilot for Farmers
Cybersecurity expert weighs in on AI benefits and risks
SEC rules Apple and Disney can't dodge AI disclosure votes at shareholder meetings
Hey Siri, where will you be after the genAI bubble pops?
Keep Track of Your Backtests with DVC's Experiment Tracking
+200 ejercicios JavaScript resueltos
Voice cloning tech to power 2024 political ads as disinformation concerns grow
Cerebras Systems appoints Shirley Li as General Counsel
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman posts statement supporting Palestinians and Muslims in tech
Pro Weekly: Google Is the Training Ground for Other AI Companies
31 Open-Source Libraries to kickstart your journey
AI Favorites :
5 Predictions About How AI Will (and Won't) Affect the 2024 U.S. Election
Stas Tushinskiy, CEO & Co-Founder of Instreamatic   Interview Series
When AI Meets User Experience: Challenges Linger, Opportunities Shine Ever Brighter
Google Wrote a 'Robot Constitution' So Its Machines Won't Kill You... Hopefully
AI sheds light on the ancient origins of England's place names
Three Use-Cases for Generative AI in ITOps
How Broad Is Your Database's Data Ecosystem? Gartner Takes a Look
Tesla Reverses on Bold Claims of Range and Full Self-Driving
8 of the Top Python Libraries You Should be Using in 2024
ChatGPT Says It's Reached the Limit of How Silly It Can Make the Goose
Apple Outclasses ChatGPT with Ferret
AutoGluon-TimeSeries: Every Time Series Forecasting Model In One Library
LLMs for Everyone: Running the LLaMA-13B model and LangChain in Google Colab
The Truth about AI   2023 Royal Institute Christmas Lectures with Mike Wooldridge
VCs are optimistic that AI investing will move beyond the hype in 2024
Can We Align LLMs to Honesty via Instruction Fine-Tuning? Addressing Hallucination in Large Language Models with Refusal-Aware Instruction Tuning
See the First Images From Japan's X-Ray Space Telescope
A developer finds that Google seems to be working on an upgraded version of Bard called Bard Advanced that will be available through a Google One subscription (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Hey Siri, Does ChatGPT Have Code to Replace You in Its New Update?
Top 5 High Demand Programming Languages in 2024
Build Your First AI Project With a RaspberryPi: An Introduction to Computer Vision and ML Models Wit
Kohler's voice-controlled bidet seat turns your dumb toilet into a luxurious smart-throne
How to Learn AI on Your Own (a self-study guide)
Exploring Numeric Data in Python: Integers, Floats, and Operations
Untether AI Appoints New CEO At 'Transition Point'
Boosting Algorithms in Machine Learning, Part I: AdaBoost
I am unimpressed with Meta AI
Think Your Home Is Smart? Think Again.
Low Quality Image Detection
How much detail is too much? Midjourney v6 attempts to find out
Learning Discrete Data with Harmoniums: Part I, The Essentials
China sets ethical standards for generative AI in science
Video Encoding at 8K60 with Split-Frame Encoding and NVIDIA Ada Lovelace Architecture
Clinical Generative AI Assistant Nabla Raises $24M
Develop ML and AI with Metaflow and Deploy with NVIDIA Triton Inference Server
Now Anyone Can Build an Uncensored ChatGPT
Data Science Better Practices, Part 2   Work Together
Uncle Sam will pay for your big ideas to end AI voice-cloning fraud
Sony, Nikon and Canon Partner to Fight Deepfakes
TinyLlama: The Mini AI Model with a Trillion-Token Punch
This AI Paper from UCLA Introduces 'SPIN' (Self-Play fIne-tuNing): A Machine Learning Method to Convert a Weak LLM to a Strong LLM by Unleashing the Full Power of Human-Annotated Data
[R] GPT-4V(ision) is a Generalist Web Agent, if Grounded - The Ohio State University 2024 - Can successfully complete 50% of the tasks on live websites!
Prompting GPT-4 For Map Creation: Testing 4 Terrific Python Libraries
We Tested 40 Python Courses. Here Are the Best.
Demystifying Graph Neural Networks
The first human born after the Singularity
Perplexity AI Raises $74M To Take Valuation to $520M
NIST: If someone's trying to sell you some secure AI, it's snake oil
AI's Impact on Hiring and Huawei Laptop Teardown | Bloomberg Technology
Microsoft Picks Dee Templeton as OpenAI Board Observer
The Accidental AI Canvas - with Steve Ruiz of tldraw
Transformer-Based LLMs Are Not General Learners: A Universal Circuit Perspective [R]
What to expect from a  Follow up Call
Recreated Samantha from the movie  Her
Android users could soon replace Google Assistant with ChatGPT
How I Improved My English Speaking Skills With AIs That Should Work For You Too
How to Use Function Calling with OpenAI's new Tools Feature to Solve Word Problems
Stop Trying to Make AI Work for You
Improving CUDA Initialization Times Using cgroups in Certain Scenarios
Quoting Nicolas Bouliane
The Simple Principle Behind Retrieval Augmented Generation in Large Language Models
[R] A Survey Analyzing Generalization in Deep Reinforcement Learning
Looking for love in 2024? There's an AI for that
A survey of 2,778 AI researchers: 38.4% support faster development and 34.7% support slower development, AI development's pace will keep accelerating, and more (Matthias Bastian/The Decoder)
[D] How to stay updated with latest paper in ML ?
Amazon Managed Streaming Summary
Top Stock Pickers Seek Gains in China Energy, Japan Real Estate
Stanford Introduces Mobile ALOHA, Teaching Robots How To Cook
As 2024 Begins, Silicon Valley Wants You To Be Optimistic About AI
Solving Reasoning Problems with LLMs in 2023
Milvus Adventures Jan 5, 2023
This AI Paper Tests the Biological Reasoning Capabilities of Large Language Models
Advice on using LLMs wisely
Meet Fusilli: A Python Library for Multi-Modal Data Fusion in Machine Learning
Adversarial Machine Learning: A Taxonomy and Terminology of Attacks and Mitigations
mdka: Rust crate to convert HTML to Markdown
[D] BioAI research roles in Paris?
Unleash the Power of AI with Menu Generator
Hyundai and Kia car thefts surged by more than 1000% since 2020 after viral TikToks exposed key security flaw, report says
US Chief Justice: AI is Here to Stay, But So Are Judges
Meet Eff-3DPSeg: A Deep Learning Framework for 3D Organ-Level Plant Shoot Segmentation
Let's do some decorating!
Signs and Portents
Django Stripe Tutorial
Acute ischemic stroke prediction and predictive factors analysis using hematological indicators in elderly hypertensives post-transient ischemic attack
Is DS actually dying?
Synthetic Data: Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
GANs 101: Unraveling the Wonders of Generative Adversarial Networks
Plot Streaming Data with Python and Plotly Express
What to expect at CES 2024: laptops with Intel's new Core Ultra chips, TVs with AI processing, AI-powered smart home devices and appliances, and more (The Verge)
Legal experts offer mixed opinions about how earlier copyright and fair use cases could affect The New York Times' case against OpenAI and Microsoft (Washington Post)
Microsoft's mini LLM Phi-2 is now open source and allegedly better than Google Gemini Nano
This AI Paper Explores How Code Integration Elevates Large Language Models to Intelligent Agents
JavaScript 2 | Random Quote
Exercise: Display a Random Quote of the Day
6 AI Predictions for 2024 from Industry Experts
More non-fiction authors are suing OpenAI and Microsoft
Microsoft Research relicense Phi-2 as MIT
Create a custom cursor
The New York Times Wants ChatGPT Gone Nice Try
[D] Is there any interesting mathematical theory of machine learning?
All the Ways AI Could Suck in 2024
OpenAI claims New York Times' prompting strategy violates its terms of service
NIST just released a comprehensive report on adversarial machine learning and AI security
Microsoft and OpenAI hit with another copyright lawsuit over AI training using authors' books
Data from the Department of Labor shows the US IT sector grew by only 700 jobs over 2023, down from 267,000 jobs added in 2022, despite the AI boom (Belle Lin/Wall Street Journal)
LLM+RAG-Based Question Answering
[R] The Expressive Power of Transformers with Chain of Thought
GPT Builder is just a GPT
Google's SMERF streams entire homes in 3D on your smartphone in real-time
Daniel Stenberg, founder of open-source project curl, says easy access to LLMs is resulting in junk AI-assisted bug reports, wasting developer time and energy (Daniel Stenberg/daniel.haxx.se)
Capturing Grandma's Journey Through Images: Dad told me it was Grandma's life, and I vividly remember the days after Grandma
Meet Astraios: An AI Model Suite Consisting of 28 Instruction-Tuned OctoCoder Across Scales and PEFT Methods
The AI Election Apocalypse Isn't Here Yet
Advice from FAANG: Experimental Design
Are there any up and coming careers that also use a lot of math?
Eerily, AI Can Now Do Your KYC !
Build, Collaborate, Learn: Remote Projects V46 Showcase
Recipe Hub
ReciPick
Can We Transfer the Capabilities of LLMs like LLaMA from English to Non-English Languages? A Deep Dive into Multilingual Model Proficiency
Midjourney v6 and new website get major updates
AI Might Actually Enforce All Our Stupid Laws, Expert Warns
Best Youtube Channel for Paper Reading
What Self-Driving Cars Tell Us About AI Risks
Afraid of AI? I confronted it for you and its responses were fascinating
Create your own GenAI Image Generator App like MidJourney or DALLE-2
in praise of dzmitry bahdanau, who in 2014 discovered the attention mechanism that became the blueprint for today's transformer ai revolution.
ByteDance Introduces the Diffusion Model with Perceptual Loss: A Breakthrough in Realistic AI-Generated Imagery
Fight with AI. When I had a 'fight' with GPT bot, C.ai, PlayMe Pals.
This AI Paper Presents A Comprehensive Study of Knowledge Editing for Large Language Models
Generative AI Has a Visual Plagiarism Problem
Microsoft Business Copilot costs at least $108,000 per year and is aimed at larger companies
Imaginary Boyfriend Series 1
New Tech from Camera Makers Tries to Prove Photos Are Not AI Fakes
This week in AI: Microsoft's sticks an AI ad on keyboards
Ramblings on HTML Page Structure and Bootstrap
10 Best AI Resume Builders & CV Makers
Future-Proof The Value Of Your Data Science Capability
[D] Incredible results with Long Agent Tree Search with open source models
2024: The year of the value-driven data person
Can ElevenLabs create custom voices?
What if the metaverse had legs?
Does Using an LLM During the Hiring Process Make You a Fraud as a Candidate?
Visual Guides to understand the basics of Large Language Models
Language Model Training and Inference: From Concept to Code
How I Became A Data Scientist   No CS Degree, No Bootcamp
Lead Data Engineer Career Guide
[R] Hieros: Hierarchical Imagination on Structured State Space Sequence World Models
Hands-on with Midjourney v6: generates highly detailed images that sometimes seem unrealistic, a different approach to prompting compared to v5, and more (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
Comparing CodiumAI PR Agent To GitHub Copilot
Deep Learning Architectures Demystified: A Python-Focused Approach
How to get started as a complete dirt beginner
Salesforce Research Proposes MoonShot: A New Video Generation AI Model that Conditions Simultaneously on Multimodal Inputs of Image and Text
System for starting out in DL
GPT in 500 lines of SQL
Meet Q-Align: The All-in-One Visual Scorer Based on Large Multi-Modality Models
Meet GPT4Free: An Artificial Intelligence-Based Software Package that Reverse-Engineers APIs to Grant Anyone Free Access to Popular AI Models like OpenAI's GPT-4
A defense of AI hallucinations, which can spur human creativity and, by forcing users to fact-check, act as a firewall in the transition to superintelligent AI (Steven Levy/Wired)
[D] How does our brain prevent overfitting?
Specialized models: How AI is following the path of hardware evolution
How Will GPT Evolve in 2024?
Optimizing the parameters of the spatial kinetic Ising model to simulate spatial patterns
It's OK to call it Artificial Intelligence
Gaussian Processes from Scratch
[D] Trying to understand the argument that proprietary hardware manufacturers will re-org the industry and cause OpenAI enterprise value to drop
[D] JPMorgan drops DocLLM for multimodal documents!
Compositional LLMs - Paper from Deepmind introduces CALM
[D] How can I gain experience in AI/ML for research positions
Build It Or Buy It? Generative AI's Million Dollar Question!
Sources: Alibaba, Tencent, Baidu, and ByteDance aren't keen on buying Nvidia's lower-powered AI chips and are shifting some orders to Huawei's China-made chips (Raffaele Huang/Wall Street Journal)
[D] So, Mamba vs. Transformers... is the hype real?
Career doubt
Is it worth getting a Masters in DS anymore?
This AI Paper from Victoria University of Wellington and NVIDIA Unveils TrailBlazer: A Novel AI Approach to Simplify Video Synthesis Using Bounding Boxes
OpenAI GPTs: 9 Problems That Make Them NO-GO For Businesses
Researchers from UT Austin and Meta Developed SteinDreamer: A Breakthrough in Text-to-3D Asset Synthesis Using Stein Score Distillation for Superior Visual Quality and Accelerated Convergence
How Midjourney v6 and DALL-E 3 produce  plagiaristic outputs , even when not directly asked to do so, which could expose users to copyright infringement claims (IEEE Spectrum)
Generate High-Quality Thumbnails with an AI Tool
Chinese companies aren't interested in Nvidia's slower AI chips
Data Machina #235
Active Learning [D]
This AI knows where you took which photo
'Constantly monitored': the pushback against AI surveillance at work
AWS to Shut Down Aurora Serverless v1, Their Sole Relational Database with Scaling Capacity to Zero
The Transformer Robots are Here, Just a Different Kind
China's cloud companies reportedly consider local alternatives over Nvidia's downgraded AI chips
[R][P] Are denoising autoencoders out of style?
Google Bard Code Leaks Point to New Features and a Paid Version with Gemini Ultra
From Raw to Refined: A Journey Through Data Preprocessing   Part 6: Imbalanced Datasets
Microsoft Veteran Dee Templeton Takes Seat on OpenAI Board as Non-Voting Observer
Face Hop animation using CSS and Js
[P] Mamba and S4 Explained: Architecture, Parallel Scan, Kernel Fusion, Recurrent/Convolution formulation, Math derivations from first principles, HiPPO theory visually explained, Math visually explained
Robotics Expert Says AI Hype Is Due for a Brutal Reality Check
[R] VCoder: Versatile Vision Encoders for Multimodal Large Language Models
Nvidia's latest open-source speech recognition models beat OpenAI's Whisper v3
What is AI Hallucination? Is It Always a Bad Thing?
As AI becomes standard, watch for these 4 DevSecOps trends
OneTrainer Stable Diffusion XL (SDXL) Fine Tuning Best Presets
How To Analyze Data Like a Pro Without Coding?
A better all-in-one AI app is finally here
Mamba and S4 Explained: Architecture, Parallel Scan, Kernel Fusion, Recurrent/Convolution formulation, Math derivations from first principles, HiPPO theory visually explained, Math visually explained
Xreal's new AR glasses are aimed at the Apple Vision Pro
Apple's Biggest Challenges in 2024 Have Little to Do With the iPhone
Exploring Julia Programming Language: Application Programming Interface (API)   Part 2
[Discussion] Can I use LORA/QLORA to fine-tune BERT?
Please provide an explanation of how large language models interpret prompts
Building a viable pricing model for generative AI features could be challenging
Unveiling Multi-Attacks in Image Classification: How One Adversarial Perturbation Can Mislead Hundreds of Images
AI 2024: A Philosopher's Dream Trip
The Future of AI: Multimodal AI Models
Meta's video model  Fairy  gives a foretaste of AI-supported video editing
Music industry insiders reflect on the waning influence of popular, human-curated Spotify playlists, as the company shifts towards AI-driven personalization (Ashley Carman/Bloomberg)
Generative AI models can now create replicas of trademarked characters with prompts as simple as 'videogame Italian'
Leverage KeyBERT, HDBSCAN and Zephyr-7B-Beta to Build a Knowledge Graph
DeepMind spinout Isomorphic Labs partners with Eli Lilly and Novartis on AI-based drug discovery, receiving $82.5M upfront and $2.9B in performance incentives (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Defying obsolescence, AMD's 22-year-old Radeon GPUs get new Linux drivers
Why do we need more Explainable AI?
Weakness of Current AI image generators
An interview with Arizona Secretary of State Adrian Fontes about the state's efforts to curb AI-manufactured deceptions ahead of the upcoming 2024 US elections (A Mart&iacute;nez/NPR)
Image Classification using Swin Transformer
Streamline Data Pipelines: How to Use WhyLogs with PySpark for Data Profiling and Validation
Learning NLP: Text Similarity Analysis
Weeknotes: Page caching and custom templates for Datasette Cloud
Google Gemini: Everything you need to know about the new generative AI platform
A look at Apple's preparations for the Vision Pro's US launch and main challenges in 2024, like lagging in generative AI, reviving revenue growth, and antitrust (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Data Diaries: Unveiling Weekly Insights Chapter by Chapter   | #DataScience #DataAnalysis #DataEngineering #LearningJourney
Watch AMD's CES 2024 press conference focused on AI in personal computers
Inspecting Neural Network Model Performance for Edge Deployment
12in24 - One language a month
Algorithmic Alchemy with The Fast Fourier Transform
LWiAI Podcast #149 - Reflecting on 2023, Midjourney v6, Anthropic Revenue, Unified-IO 2, NY Times sues OpenAI
How to watch Samsung's CES 2024 press conference focused on 'AI for all'
Machine Learning in Business: 5 things a Data Science course won't teach you
CodeBehind 2.1; aspx Back to ASP.NET Core
Isomorphic inks deals with Eli Lilly and Novartis for drug discovery
How To Create Multiline Synthetic Images Using Synthtiger
Why Are Advanced RAG Methods Crucial for the Future of AI?
How to watch NVIDIA's CES press conference
LangSplat: Turbocharging 3D Language Fields with a Mind-Blowing 199x Speed Boost
What is integration testing in UI/Front End?
The Noonification: Archway Users Now Have Access to Balanced (1/7/2024)
1 in 3 people are lonely. Will AI help, or make things worse?
[D] Why are almost all probabilistic derivations so hard to follow in ML?
How to watch the Hyundai CES 2024 press conference
How to do  know  if your daily work is contributing to building domain knowledge? And, how do you identify and seek domain knowledge?
alacritty-themes not working any more!!!
Acer announces Intel Core Ultra-based Swift laptops, including the Swift X 14 with Nvidia RTX 4070 and 120Hz OLED display, starting at $1,399 (Ben Schoon/9to5Google)
537 Stories To Learn About Data Science
Govee debuts new versions of AI Gaming Sync Box, Neon Rope Light
How do you propose controlled experiments at work?
Java News Roundup: Spring Shell, Micronaut, JReleaser, JobRunr
[R] V*: Guided Visual Search as a Core Mechanism in Multimodal LLMs (SEAL) - New York University 2023 - 25% better than GPT-4V in search of visual details!
Merge Large Language Models with mergekit
[D] Faster way to read ML papers?
Govee's chatbot programs your smart lights for you
The Flappie AI cat door stops your pet from gifting you dead mice
Samsung's 2024 TV lineup at CES 2024 includes AI aplenty and a 'glare-free' OLED model
Generative AI is a Gamble Enterprises Should Take in 2024
Texas Instruments' New Chips are Designed to Propel Automobile Innovation
Building Lifelike Digital Avatars with NVIDIA ACE Microservices
Unified-IO 2 shows what GPT-5 could look like
Volkswagen is bringing ChatGPT into its cars and SUVs
Python Water Quality   Baseline Classification Model
NVIDIA reveals RTX 40 Super GPUs at CES 2024, including the $999 4080 Super
My  hot  take on the future of humanity with rising AI
Phi-2: Small LMs that are Doing Big Things
Apple Has AI Plans, Without the Marketing Noise
BMW turns inward for CES, announcing new gaming, streaming, AR, and AI features
Rely.io
Researchers from Tsinghua University Unveil 'Gemini': A New AI Approach to Boost Performance and Energy Efficiency in Chiplet-Based Deep Neural Network Accelerators
'Magic: The Gathering' artist quits after publisher admits to using AI art in recent images
What's next for AI and industry-academia relations?
OpenAI is Slowly Turning into a Healthcare Company
Getty and Nvidia bring generative AI to stock photos
A New MIT Research Announces a Vision Check-Up for Language Models
Adversarial Learning with Keras and TensorFlow (Part 1): Overview of Adversarial Learning
Getting to Know You - Speeding up Developer Onboarding with LLMs and Unblocked
Struggling to get a job in Data Science
Nvidia makes the case for the AI PC at CES 2024
[R] How to guess a gradient
Spotlight: Convai Reinvents Non-Playable Character Interactions
Nvidia Rolls Out New Chips, Claims Leadership of AI PC Race
Amazon turns to AI to help customers find clothes that fit when shopping online
Deploying LLM Apps to AWS, the Open-Source Self-Service Way
AMD launches Ryzen 8000G desktop CPUs, with updated iGPUs and AI acceleration
Nvidia unveils the RTX 4080 Super for $999, slightly faster than the RTX 4080 for $200 less, coming Jan. 31, alongside the RTX 4070 Super and RTX 4070 Ti Super (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Tuning-Free Longer Context Lengths For LLMs   A Review of Self-Extend (LLM Maybe LongLM)
FLaNK Weekly 08 Jan 2024
Re:  Data Roomba  to get clean-up tasks done faster
Nvidia launches the $1,000 RTX 4080 Super, $800 RTX 4070 Ti Super, and $600 RTX 4070 Super
Isomorphic Labs, a digital biology company and Alphabet subsidiary, partners with two major pharmaceutical companies to use the next generation AlphaFold for AI-driven drug discovery
SentinelOne acquires Peak XV-backed PingSafe for over $100 million
$329 Radeon 7600 XT brings 16GB of memory to AMD's latest midrange GPU
AMD debuts the Radeon RX 7600 XT at CES for entry-level 1440p gaming
Will 2024 be the Year of Terminator?
This One-Year-Old Startup Is Hoping to be the Next Google Can They Succeed?
Supercharging LLM Applications on Windows PCs with NVIDIA RTX Systems
Q&A with University of Michigan researchers about their research into the effectiveness of using prompts to assign interpersonal and professional roles to LLMs (Sisi Wei/The Markup)
AMD brings AI to Ryzen 8000G desktop chips at CES 2024
Volkswagen thinks ChatGPT integration will make its in-car voice assistant good
Conditional Variational Autoencoders with Learnable Conditional Embeddings
Nvidia's GeForce Now is getting cloud G-Sync support and streaming day passes
A Long-Term Demand Forecasting Model Implementation Case Study with a Major Retailer
[P] Is there an equivalent of Bayesian optimization that works only with comparative results?
Can Large Language Models Handle Longer Contexts Without Additional Training? This AI Paper Proposes SelfExtend to Stimulate LLMs' Long Context Handling Potential
LangChain: Develop LLM-powered applications using LangChain, Hugging Face, and Facebook AI.
'Impossible' to create AI tools like ChatGPT without copyrighted material, OpenAI says
How will AI and automation impact businesses in 2024?
How many of you are the only DA/DS employed at your job?
AMD's Ryzen 8000-series chips get an AI upgrade
Membuat Web To-Do List dengan HTML, CSS, dan JavaScript
Contest: Build Generative AI on NVIDIA RTX PCs
Experimenting With OneTrainer - OneTrainer vs Kohya - Realism vs Stylization - Reg img effect
[D] 3090 vs the new 40 series equivalent
Agent Teaming in Mixed-Motive Situations   an AAAI Fall symposium
Galaxy S24 Ultra may get better zoom despite missing 10x lens
Sources: Nvidia plans to begin mass producing its chips designed for China, the H20, L20, and L2, in Q2 2024, after the original November 2023 goal was delayed (Reuters)
CES 2024: Nvidia promotes GeForce RTX 40 SUPER GPUs with strong AI performance
How to use LLMs to create custom embedding models
Photographer Recreates Simpsons Characters Using Latest AI Technology
AI firms' pledges to defend customers from IP issues have real limits
Nvidia's RTX 4080 Super arrives on January 31st at a more reasonable $999
New Stable Diffusion Models Accelerated with NVIDIA TensorRT
Get Started with Generative AI Development for Windows PCs with NVIDIA RTX
During Off-Hours, The AI Takes Over Customer Service
Volkswagen says it's putting ChatGPT in its cars for 'enriching conversations'
Everything we know about Apple's Vision Pro headset
12 ways to get better at using ChatGPT: Comprehensive prompt guide
A New Look at the Central Limit Theorem
Changed My Mind After Reading Larson's  The Myth of Artificial Intelligence
Nvidia's H20 chip production begins amid customer complaints over tech downgrades
Avoiding AI-capable PCs will be impossible by 2027
AMD's new $329 Radeon RX 7600 XT is 'ready to take on 1440p'
New paper finds all LLM improvements are just task contamination
LangChain v0.1.0
Getty Images and Nvidia launch Generative AI by iStock, a text-to-image service that generates stock photos and is aimed at SMBs (Emilia David/The Verge)
HP unveils the 2024 Spectre x360 14, and the first reviews are in
[D] Human brain FLOPs estimate, is it lower than we thought?
AI's New Frontier: Training Trillion Parameter Models
LLMs are an Index Into the Library of Babel
CES brings us another wave of overpriced 'smart' cookware
Nvidia debuts GeForce Now day passes, starting at $8 for Ultimate, which includes RTX 4080 access, and Priority for $4; GeForce Now will soon support G-Sync (Tom Warren/The Verge)
A/B Testing: A Comprehensive Guide
AI-generated bug reports are becoming a big waste of time for developers
Vital Lessons Burgeoning Technologies Can Learn From the Open Source Movement
Despite free access to GPT-4, Microsoft's Copilot app hasn't impacted ChatGPT installs or revenue
Volkswagen is adding ChatGPT to its infotainment system
They're not cheap, but Nvidia's new Super GPUs are a step in the right direction
'Magic: The Gathering' Publisher Denies, Then Admits, Using AI Art In Promo Image
How fast is AI growing in 2024?
Publicly Available API's to Use as Data Sources for Projects
[D] Interview with Rich Sutton
CU Boulder's MSDS. A Review. (Honest)
Magic: The Gathering Posts, Defends, and Then Backtracks From Obviously AI Art
Only 700 new IT jobs were created in the US last year
Panasonic Made a New Super Accurate In-Camera Subject Recognition AI
Nuvoton unveils New Production-Ready Endpoint AI Platform for ML
Duolingo Cuts 10% of Contractors as It Uses More AI to Create App Content
Unlearning to Build Great AI Apps
Ablation Testing Neural Networks: The Compensatory Masquerade
Last Week in AI #252: DeepMind's real-world robots, NYT sues OpenAI, Baidu's Ernie bot hits 100M users, AI art generator controversy, and more!
Introducing AI Tutor Bot   a RAG App Created with TowardsAI & Activeloop
Mojawa put an AI running coach in its bone-conducting headphones
6 AI Trends To Watch in 2024
Expedera NPUs run Large Language Models natively on Edge Devices
The economy is entering a new 'super cycle' driven by AI and decarbonization, Goldman Sachs analyst says
ThinkAndor is Top Reviewed Digital Health Solution by AVIA Marketplace
Quoting OpenAI to the Lords Select Committee on LLMs
AMD announces new processors with neural processing unit
Watch the AMD keynote from CES 2024 in 7 minutes
How to safely use dangerouslySetInnerHTML in React
AI Startup Roundup: Perplexity Gets Jeff Bezos' Backing
How NVIDIA Is Accelerating Drug Discovery with Generative AI
OpenAI Claims New York Times Isn't 'Telling the Full Story' in Suit
5 More Snowflake Query Tricks You Should Be Using
Nvidia Unveils New Chips to Boost AI Use
OpenAI and journalism
NVIDIA is bringing day passes and G-Sync to GeForce Now
New Models MolMIM and DiffDock Power Molecule Generation and Molecular Docking in NVIDIA BioNeMo
AWS Cancels Serverless Postgres Service That Scales to Zero
OpenAI claims NY Times copyright lawsuit is without merit
The best robots and AI innovations we've seen at CES 2024 so far
America's offices are in 'uncharted territory' as vacancies hit an all-time high
Misinformation: how fact-checking journalism is evolving   and having a real impact on the world
Is AI the Future of Green Energy?
YouTube is cracking down on AI-generated true crime deepfakes
Biotech companies Amgen and Recursion expand collaboration with Nvidia
Writesonic Review: Can AI Get My Article to #1 on Google?
Categorical Encoding for Time Series: Embracing Dynamic and Meaningful Techniques
OpenAI responds to the NYT lawsuit, says training is fair use and there is an opt-out,  regurgitation  is a rare bug, and NYT is not telling the full story (OpenAI)
Duolingo cuts 10% of its contractors, partly attributing the move to its use of more AI to create app content (Bloomberg)
Gen AI could make KYC effectively useless
Kahun and ViTel Net Join Forces to Supercharge AI-Powered Clinical Assessment
Google, MIT's SynCLR: Model Training Using Only Synthetic Data
OpenAI claims The New York Times tricked ChatGPT into copying its articles
Timekettle's $699 translation hardware handles multiple languages at once
How I Won a $10,000 Essay Writing Contest
Exploring Electron.js with GitLoop's AI Assistant: A Use Case Example
Technique could efficiently solve partial differential equations for numerous applications
Getty Images and Nvidia introduce  commercially safe  AI tool for stock photos
Watch NVIDIA's CES 2024 keynote in 10 minutes
Source: Perplexity, a generative AI search engine with a Pro tier for file upload, choice of model, and unlimited queries, has doubled ARR since October to ~$6M (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
AI News Roundup: Elvis Returns via AI-powered Hologram
Unveiling of Large Multimodal Models: Shaping the Landscape of Language Models in 2024
LinkedIn Shares Its Developer Productivity Framework
Apple reportedly eyeing generative AI push and Siri overhaul for the iPhone
YouTube updates its cyberbullying policy to ban AI-generated content that  realistically simulates  deceased children or victims of crimes or deadly events (Mia Sato/The Verge)
CES 2024: Everything revealed so far, from NVIDIA and AI to Samsung to foldable screens
Multiple AI models help robots execute complex plans more transparently
I chatted with a hologram at CES 2024, and it was as cool as it sounds
OpenAI: GenAI tools can't be made without copyrighted materials
Jeff Bezos is Betting This AI Startup Will Dethrone Google in Search
Logistic Regression's Journey with Imbalanced Data
This robot window cleaner from Ecovacs is what CES is all about
Can AI make art more accessible? One museum models a safe way forward
This smart mirror uses AI to boost your confidence and mood
OpenAI says the New York Times' lawsuit is  without merit  - here's why
Get Producti AI Pro content generator for life for just $50
'Generative AI by iStock' lets users create images without copyright-infringement worries
OpenAI Pleads That It Can't Make Money Without Using Copyrighted Materials for Free
Gartner on Generative AI, thoughts on timelines?
I know people love to hate AI, but...
YouTube cracks down on AI content that 'realistically simulates' deceased children or victims of crimes
Hyundai says hydrogen will play a 'prominent role' in going carbon neutral
[P]Retri-evals: Retrieval Evaluation Pipelines
[P] I built marimo   an open-source reactive Python notebook that's stored as a .py file, executable as a script, and deployable as an app.
Weekly Top Picks #57
The Four Wars of the AI Stack (Dec 2023 Recap)
CES 2024: HP's New 2-in-1 Laptops Offer AI Features
This AI Paper Reveals the Superiority of Generalist Language Models Over Clinical Counterparts in Semantic Search Tasks
Former Twitter CEO's AI Startup Raises $30 Million in Khosla-Led Deal
Waymo's 70-MPH Robot Roadrunners Hit Desert Highways This Month
OpenAI: 'Impossible to train today's leading AI models without using copyrighted materials'
Is DS becoming a Dev Specialty?
Build a Text-to-Image Generator Web App: Flask and Streamlit
Samsung brings back Ballie, its home robot, at CES 2024   with a few upgrades
Magic: the Gathering maker admits it used AI-generated art despite standing ban
Tencent releases LLaMA-Pro-8B-Instruct Chat Demo on Hugging Face
Sources: former Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal's new AI startup, which is making software for LLM developers, raised ~$30M led by Khosla Ventures (Kate Clark/The Information)
Lenovo Yoga Pro 9i and Yoga 9i 2-in-1 now have have AI chips and a generative art suite
CES 2024: Expect Lots of 'AI-washing' in Gadgets
[P] NeuralRad: First FREE to use Organ and Tumor segmentation cloud
Razer upgrades Blades: new chips, new displays, and a smidge of AI
Responsible AI at Google Research: User Experience Team
The Acer Predator Helios 18 has the most mesmerizing hinge on a laptop at CES 2024
Lenovo announces new gaming laptops at CES that feature proprietary cooling tech and performance-enhancing AI chips
LG goes gaga for AI and even unveils a product or two at CES 2024
Understand Data Warehouse: Query Performance
MSI upgrades its Stealth gaming laptop and more with new chips and AI features
Intel reveals its full 14th-gen CPU family at CES, including a powerful 24-core laptop chip
Samsung's new smart home features include household maps with 'AI characters'
A Swift Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch and TensorFlow
Pre screening assessments are getting insane
The ASUS ROG Zephyrus G14 and G16 offer a more sophisticated take on gaming laptops in 2024
Razer updates the Blade 16 with a 240Hz OLED display and new Intel and Nvidia chips, and previews a new Blade 18 with a 4K 165Hz display and Thunderbolt 5 (Andrew E. Freedman/Tom's Hardware)
Tech Predictions for 2024: Taking A Peak Into a Senior Developer's Crystal Ball
How to Use Backdoor Criterion to Select Control Variables
[R] WikiChat: Stopping the Hallucination of Large Language Model Chatbots by Few-Shot Grounding on Wikipedia - Achieves 97.9% factual accuracy in conversations with human users about recent topics, 55.0% better than GPT-4! - Stanford University 2023
Volkswagen plans to integrate ChatGPT into its cars to control basic functions and answer  general knowledge questions , starting in Europe in Q2 2024 (Andrew J. Hawkins/The Verge)
Moving Earth, Word, and Concept
In the race for AI supremacy, China and the US are travelling on entirely different tracks | Manya Koetse
Diffusion Models: Midjourney, Dall-E Reverse Time to Generate Images from Prompts
Asus announces its first mini-PC, the ROG NUC, featuring Intel Core Ultra CPUs, up to an Nvidia RTX 4070 GPU, quad 4K display support, and Wi-Fi 6E (Hassan Mujtaba/Wccftech)
Former X VP of Trust and Safety Ella Irwin joins Stability AI to oversee its strategy and implementation of safeguarding around issues like child safety and IP (Ben Goggin/NBC News)
Asus' latest gaming phone is thinner, lighter, and sprinkled with AI
Using ChatGPT to be More Productive: 100 Days of AI - Day 4
From Adaline to Multilayer Neural Networks
SK Hynix CEO Expects AI Memory Boom to Double Company's Value
The Mayo Clinic partners with Cerebras to use Cerebras' computing chips and systems to develop its own AI models based on anonymized medical records and data (Stephen Nellis/Reuters)
[D] Choosing a pdf processing package in Python
Siemens' CES showcase: Transforming industries with mixed reality, AI, and more
Mixtral of Experts
OpenAI Says New York Times Lawsuit Against It Is 'Without Merit'
The Perfecta grill uses AI to help cook a steak in 90 seconds
OpenAI Adopts Preparedness Framework for AI Safety
Duolingo lays off 10% of its contract workers as the company puts more faith in AI
Artificial Buildup: AI Startups Were Hot In 2023, But This Year May Be Slightly Different
GPT-4 Custom Instructions To Optimize Python Code Creation
The EU begins investigating whether Microsoft's OpenAI investment is reviewable under its rules, and asks for feedback on generative AI and virtual worlds (Samuel Stolton/Bloomberg)
This Paper Proposes a Novel Deep Learning Approach Combining a Dual/Twin Convolutional Neural Network (TwinCNN) Framework to Address the Challenge of Breast Cancer Image Classification from Multi-Modalities
Researchers from the University of Tubingen Propose SIGNeRF: A Novel AI Approach for Fast and Controllable NeRF Scene Editing and Scene-Integrated Object Generation
8 takeaways from Data Science interviews
Researchers from UCSD and NYU Introduced the SEAL MLLM framework: Featuring the LLM-Guided Visual Search Algorithm V   for Accurate Visual Grounding in High-Resolution Images
Microsoft showcases new approach to high-quality AI training data generation
Solve the GPT Branching Problem with an Artifact Pipeline
Meet the AI Expert Building Indic LLMs with IITs
Meet aMUSEd: An Open-Source and Lightweight Masked Image Model (MIM) for Text-to-Image Generation based on MUSE
A profile of OpenAI VP of Global Affairs Anna Makanju, who helped transform Sam Altman from a startup darling to an AI ambassador and worked in Obama's admin (Cat Zakrzewski/Washington Post)
GeForce Now cloud gaming gets G-Sync, Day Pass option - also: G-Sync Pulsar tech introduced
AI fuelling dating and social media fraud, EU police agency says
The Download: what to expect in AI in 2024
A.I. Giant Tied to China Under Scrutiny
Microsoft Phi-2: Tiny Mighty Open Source Model with Verbal Diarrhea
Out of job - how to keep up SQL practise?
Duolingo lays off contractors as it starts relying more on AI
Time Series Forecasting with TiDE
Building an online image compressor
Out-of-Office Emails Are Boring: Making Them Pop with Generative AI
Lidar Maker Aeva Wins Multiyear Contract for Daimler Trucks
The AI features in MSI's new monitor give you an (unfair?) advantage in League of Legends
ChatGPT Will Not Make Your Cars Smart
AI Weather Forecasting Can't Replace Humans--Yet
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 01/01 to 07/01
Fast and Efficient Model Finetuning using the Unsloth Library
How Wall Street Firms Are Warming to AI With Help From Silicon Valley
Ex-Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal reportedly raises $30 million for his AI startup
The Need for Transparency and Explainability in EU AI Regulation
Announcing Ray Autoscaling support on Databricks and Apache Spark
Generative AI by iStock
A look at the rising subscription prices of dating apps, as competition intensifies and growth slows; data.ai says consumers spent $5B+ on dating apps in 2023 (Financial Times)
Kao Data appoints Doug Loewe as Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Courage to Learn ML: A Detailed Exploration of Gradient Descent and Popular Optimizers
AI Basics: What is a feedforward neural network?
Apple M3 Machine Learning Speed Test
Mixtral 8x7B is currently the best open-source LLM, surpassing GPT-3.5
What Temperature Means in Natural Language Processing and AI
AI is everything - everything is AI
We open sourced our AI gateway written in TS
Neuchips' Demos Low-Power AI Upgrade For PCs
Edge 359: Understanding Tree-Of-Thoughts in LLM Reasoning
X's Grok chatbot has no reason to exist
Instacart Introduces Griffin 2.0: It's Next-Gen Machine Learning Platform with Advanced Features
Mixtral MoE 8x7B details are out
[D] Are Custom LLM RAG apps going to become redundant?
Can LLMs Replace Data Analysts? Learning to Collaborate
This is what AI will produce during the next decade and beyond
Can Data Governance Address AI Fatigue?
New York Times' blockbuster suit could decide the fate of genAI
I tried Getty's new AI image generator, and it doesn't really compare to DALL-E
It's already time to think about an AI tax
Bringing breakthrough data intelligence to industries
Microsoft's $10 billion partnership with OpenAI faces possible probe by EU watchdog
Lockly's Visage smart lock can unlock doors by scanning your face
AI Image Generators Are Spitting Out Copyrighted Characters, Raising Possibility of Catastrophic Lawsuit
Top 6 Skill Assessment Platforms
We really need a standard definition of AI before it gets even more abused by marketing teams behind every company who can write an if statement in some software.
OpenAI says it's  impossible  to train state-of-the-art models without copyrighted data
[R] Inferring neural activity before plasticity as a foundation for learning beyond backpropagation
Microsoft's OpenAI Ties Face Potential EU Merger Investigation
AI Safety Research Only Enables the Dangers of Runaway Superintelligence
OpenAI admits it's impossible to train generative AI without copyrighted materials
EU checking if Microsoft's OpenAI investment falls under merger rules
OpenAI owes its copyright woes to Silicon Valley's famous mantra: 'Move fast and break things'
Create a Carousel with Progress Indicators using Tailwind and Vue
Nice to Meet You! Speeding up Developer Onboarding with LLMs and Unblocked
What are weaknesses of the field currently? [D]
Mayo Clinic Platform & Techcyte to Transform Pathology Global Practice
Xiaomi's foray into automotives anticipates Technology Foresights model
Cyber resilience in the era of Artificial Intelligence
How Adobe is managing the AI copyright dilemma, with general counsel Dana Rao
AI comes up with battery design that uses 70 per cent less lithium
Luma, which is building AI models that generate 3D models from text prompts, raised a $43M Series B, a source says at a valuation between $200M and $300M (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Examining the Influence Between NLP and Other Fields of Study
The Dark Side of AI: Unraveling the Harms and Ethical Concerns
Microsoft's investment in OpenAI may face EU scrutiny, officials say
Microsoft finds a material that could replace ~70% of lithium in a battery, by using Azure Quantum Elements HPC resources to run simulations and AI models (Harry McCracken/Fast Company)
Agiloft launches Generative AI Capability
The five biggest artificial intelligence trends for banking in 2024
Knowledge Series #19: How the web actually works
How Microsoft found a potential new battery material using AI
X promises peer-to-peer payments, AI advances in 2024
Microsoft Says AI Service Will Accelerate Scientific Discovery
The ElliQ eldercare robot gets a hardware upgrade, generative AI for improved conversations
75 Stories To Learn About Datasets
7 Mistakes Beginner ML Students Make Every Year
Kodiak Robotics reveals its best shot at making self-driving trucks a business
Luma raises $43M to build AI that crafts 3D models
Meet GPT-Engineer: An Open-Source Artificial Intelligence Framework that Leverages the Power of GPT-4 to Streamline Software Development Process
What are this year's biggest cybersecurity trends?
Review
This AI newsletter is all you need #81
Swarovski's AX Visio Binoculars Are Also an AI-Powered 13MP Camera
5 Coding Tasks ChatGPT Can't Do
CES 2024: Everything revealed so far, from Nvidia and AI to Samsung's Ballie robot
European startups concerned in the wake of EU review of Microsoft/OpenAI ties
OpenAI: Copyrighted data 'impossible' to avoid for AI training
How to Use LLMs in Unity
Volkswagen will rollout a ChatGPT voice assistant to their vehicles by mid-year
Amazon's Alexa gets new generative AI-powered experiences
[R] Self-Play Fine-Tuning Converts Weak Language Models to Strong Language Models
The Twelve Startups Battling For a Slice of Nvidia's Pie
How will AI alter the HR tech space in 2024?
Mobileye Unveils Customizable Operating System for Self-Driving Cars
Wizards of the Coast Denies  Magic: The Gathering  Art Was AI-Generated, Then Admits It Was
Artists are making creative companies apologize for using AI
Enhancing Phone Customer Service with ASR Customization
Telly's free ad-supported TV will use ChatGPT for its voice assistant
Elon Musk's X Unveils Video Shows With Don Lemon, Tulsi Gabbard
Intuition Robotics is giving its social bot a generative AI upgrade, and it makes so much sense
Lamborghini will measure your heart rate as you burn rubber around the track
EU Commission probes Microsoft's investment in OpenAI
10 Data Engineering Topics and Trends You Need to Know in 2024
Researchers at Stanford Use Brain Signals to Control Intelligent Robots
Be Honest, What Sucks About Being a CV Engineer? [D]
Nvidia's G-Sync Pulsar is anti-blur monitor tech aimed squarely at your eyeball
Amazon and BMW are replacing the driver's manual with AI
OpenAI Claims it is Impossible to Train AI Without Using Copyrighted Content
I Can't Handle How Cute Samsung's New Soccer Ball Sized Robot Is
How this startup uses AI to give speech-impaired people their voice back
Hey Google: If AI is replacing Google Assistant, I have two questions
Can a striking design set rabbit's r1 pocket AI apart from a gaggle of virtual assistants?
Rabbit R1 AI Assistant: Price, Specs, Release Date
Alphabet quantum spin-out Sandbox AQ acquires Good Chemistry
Don Lemon, Tulsi Gabbard, and Jim Rome are pivoting to Twitter videos
A Detailed Explanation of Mixtral 8x7B Model
Integrating AI Into Healthcare RCM: Why Humans Must Remain in the Loop
[D] Picking the right LLM model.
Mercedes-Benz's best-in-class voice assistant is getting an AI boost
Can a Single Model Revolutionize Music Understanding and Generation? This Paper Introduces the Groundbreaking MU-LLaMA and M2UGen Models
Making Our Tasks Classy
AI Acquisitions: Who's Leading the Charge and Why?
Putting AI to Work: Systems of Intelligence and Actionable Agency
This AI startup made a $199 pocket toy that replaces apps with 'rabbits' - and it might just work
Duolingo cut 10% of its contractor workforce as the company embraces AI
Landed my first data analyst job.
IBM Report Highlights Consumer Interest in AI-Driven Shopping
How to add AI analytics to a Langchain agent?
Hollywood Actors Union Signs First Big Deal for AI in Voice-Over Work
[P] Does Google sunset their off-the-shelf models as well as their apps?
SAG-AFTRA strikes deal for AI voice acting in video games at CES 2024
AI comes up with battery design that uses 70 per cent less lithium: Artificial intelligence can accelerate the process of finding and testing new materials, and now researchers have used that ability to develop a battery that is less dependent on the
Be Honest, What Sucks About Being a CV Engineer?
AI aides nation-state hackers but also helps US spies to find them, says NSA cyber director
Duolingo Fires Translators in Favor of AI
The Rabbit R1 is an AI-powered gadget that can use your apps for you
YouTube Bans True Crime Videos That Reanimate Dead Children With AI
Hyundai says its four-passenger eVTOL will be ready for 2028
Siemens, Sony to Bring Mixed Reality to Industrial Development, CES 2024
Leap AI wants to help businesses build and integrate AI workflows
LLMs Are Dumber Than a House Cat
AI will unleash the next level of human potential. Here's how it happens - and when
Regulators aren't convinced that Microsoft and OpenAI operate independently
University Enrolling AI-Powered  Students  Who Will Turn in Assignments, Participate in Class Discussions
Hyundai Debuts Air Taxi Ahead of Test Flights Later This Year
AR and VR apps for Vision Pro are  spatial computing  apps, Apple says
Rabbit R1 is AI-first hardware featuring a large action model that learns to use apps
Buckle Up: It's Time for 2024 Security Predictions
Elections and disinfo are colliding like never before in 2024, as social networks reduce protections and state influence campaigns and AI-fueled disinfo ramp up (New York Times)
AMD, Nvidia to Bring AI to Consumer PCs, CES 2024
Towards more accurate 3D object detection for robots and self-driving cars
The Plagiarism Problem: How Generative AI Models Reproduce Copyrighted Content
This AI startup made a $199 gadget that replaces apps with 'rabbits' - and it might just work
Nvidia Demos AI-Powered Avatars, Image Generation at CES 2024
Pennsylvania government workers will start using ChatGPT in test program
How to use Google's AI-powered NotebookLM to organize your research
WikiChat: Stopping the Hallucination of Large Language Model Chatbots by Few-Shot Grounding on Wikipedia
The Eight Golden Rules of Interface Design
OpenAI says it's  impossible  to create useful AI models without copyrighted material
Researchers are developing AI to make the internet more accessible
What I should have said about the term Artificial Intelligence
Europe's monopoly cops suddenly rather curious about Microsoft's $13B for OpenAI
Python 3.13 gets a JIT
The Rabbit R1 is a standalone, AI-powered gadget that can mimic human app usage
Tack One launches an improved version of its location tracker for children and seniors
ChatGPT poem regurgitation raises ethical questions
Don't Block entire Python Thread: Use Asynchronous Programming Instead
Network combines 3D LiDAR and 2D image data to enable more robust detection of small objects
Watch Qualcomm's CES 2024 keynote on its highly anticipated AI-powered chip
PennsylvaniaGPT Is Here to Hallucinate Over Cheesesteaks
ooh.directory: A page for every blog
Not even Notepad is safe from Microsoft's big AI push in Windows
Adobe's Head of Legal Explains the Company's Confidence in Firefly
Sources: PhotoRoom, the AI photo editing app, is raising $50M-$60M at a $500M-$600M valuation
ExtraHop, which uses ML to help companies prevent, detect, and eliminate threats on their networks, raised $100M and says it ended 2023 with ~$200M in ARR (Lisa Stiffler/GeekWire)
EU to review Microsoft's investment in OpenAI
Walmart is betting that AI can help you shop faster   and maybe do your shopping for you
[R] Testing MAMBA architecture KV-Retrieval and RAG capabilities
Walmart debuts generative AI search and AI replenishment features at CES
RTX Remix open beta will let modders add ray tracing to classic games later this month
Can Large Language Models Retain Old Skills While Learning New Ones? This Paper Introduces LLaMA Pro-8.3B: A New Frontier in AI Adaptability
Why should I not drop my CS major for a DS major?
Startup Rabbit Inc. debuts the R1, a $199 handheld AI device meant to be a virtual assistant to complete tasks without a smartphone, shipping in late March (Julian Chokkattu/Wired)
Intel: 'We are bringing the AI PC to the car'
No senior data scientist at company
Q&A with Adobe General Counsel and Chief Trust Officer Dana Rao on generative AI, IP issues, cloud security, the Figma deal, regulation, antitrust, and more (Nilay Patel/The Verge)
Pennsylvania becomes the first US state to use ChatGPT Enterprise in a pilot with OpenAI, in which state employees will use AI tools for daily operations (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
Hyundai says its electric air taxi business will take flight in 2028
The Story Continues: Announcing Version 14 of Wolfram Language and Mathematica
Can Large Language Models Learn New Tricks? This Machine Learning Research from Google Introduces 'CALM': A Novel Approach for Enhancing AI Capabilities Through Composition
Getty Images launches a new gen AI service for iStock customers
Gatsby Site Search Plugin
The Future of Applied AI in 2024: Transforming Healthcare, Energy, and Supply Chain with Tangible Outcomes
Character encoding
An overview of the rsi R package for retrieving satellite imagery and calculating spectral indices
ai says that if it goes to court, the nyt v. openai and microsoft case will probably not be settled before 2029
Rabbit R1 is an adorable AI-powered assistant co-designed by Teenage Engineering
Humane lays off 4 percent of employees before releasing its AI Pin
Rabbit is here for $199. It can go online, recreate basic UI for apps, and even see the world with a camera.
Group Equivariant Self-Attention
Quora raised $75M from a16z to grow Poe, its AI chat bot platform
How to Build a Semantic Search Engine for Emojis
Probabilistic Data Structures Decoded: Enhancing Performance in Modern Computing
Stanford's Renowned AI Experts Agree, Clash on State of AI at CES 2024
Sklean Tutorial: Module 5
Visualizing Everest Expeditions
Rabbit Launches R1 Device for GenAI-Enabled Experiences and Adds $10M in New Funding
With OpenAI GPT Store imminent, apps are already being ripped off by copycats
CSS and the Browser's Hardware acceleration
X announces new shows with former CNN host Don Lemon, former Hawaii congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, and sports commentator Jim Rome, amid a push into video (Alex Weprin/The Hollywood Reporter)
DS with 5 YOE here. I fucking hate my lacking in how I communicate data. Having more meetings to do practice isn't a possibility. Any alternatives tips?
Beyond Behemoths: How Blended Chat AIs Outshine Trillion-Parameters ChatGPT with Elegance
SAG-AFTRA signs a deal with AI voiceover company Replica Studios, requiring consent to create voice replicas for use in video games and safe storage of assets (Gene Maddaus/Variety)
Why is the IAF-VAE model called  inverse  autoregressive flow (IAF)? [D]
At CES 2024, Walmart unveils a generative AI search tool and says it is developing a tool to help InHome users quickly add commonly ordered items to their carts (Siddharth Cavale/Reuters)
Researchers Revolutionizing Navigation With Twisted Ringbots
How would you fine tune on 10 positive samples
[D] An idea for an interactive website that helps people explore and discover new ML concepts
LLMs and Transformers from Scratch: the Decoder
Trends that will shape the Modern Data Stack in 2024
Using Jina Embeddings v2 with Haystack 2.0 pipelines to summarize legal documents
Announcing the First Sessions for ODSC East 2024
ChatGPT's Latest Invasion: Cars; A Threat to OpenAI's Nonprofit Status
USPTO Director: 'Sufficient' Human Contribution Needed for IP Protection, CES 2024
Deploying high-performance, energy-efficient AI
Quora's AI platform could likely come to dictate the company's future
Valve opens the door to more Steam games developed with AI
How AWS Responded to the Generative AI Wave of 2023 (and What IT Pros Should Expect in 2024)
Human Brain on a Chip
Palantir Supplying Israel With New Tools Since Hamas War Started
OpenAI's New App Store Could Turn ChatGPT Into an Everything App
8 React components with LLMs
Basics of Foundation Models
Mastering GPT-4 Code Prompts With Guardrails and Custom Instructions
Write Cleaner, Consistent Code: Can ChatGPT and Autoformatters Help?
How to Design a Batch Processing?
This Paper Unveils How Machine Learning Revolutionizes Wild Primate Behavior Analysis with DeepLabCut
Bengaluru-based Impact Analytics, which offers retail, grocery, CPG, and supply chain planning and merchandising software, raised $40M led by Sageview Capital (The Economic Times)
Walmart wants to use AI to restock your fridge automatically
Navigating the World of LLM Agents: A Beginner's Guide
OpenAI launches ChatGPT Team, a new subscription plan for teams up to 149 people, for $30 per user per month, or $25 per user per month billed annually (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Urtopia's Fusion e-bike has fully integrated ChatGPT
7 Guiding Principles for Working with LLMs
The Power of Click Probability Prediction
Advancing transparency: Updates on responsible AI research
OpenAI Cares About NYT a Little Too Much
OpenAI Unveils App Store for Customized Versions of ChatGPT
With half of the world's adults set to vote in 2024, the WEF's Global Risks Report 2024 ranks AI mis- and disinformation ahead of war, climate change, and more (Karen Gilchrist/CNBC)
HPE to acquire Juniper Networks to accelerate AI-Driven Innovation
Singapore keeping its eye on data centers and data models as AI adoption grows
Chartpack: Consumer and social trends Q1 2024
This Paper Explores How Deep Learning Enhances Osteoporosis Screening with Routine CT Scans
Normalizing Grafana charts with window functions
Federal Trade Commission issues open warning to AI companiesc
It's extreme weather &mdash; not AI or disinformation &mdash; over the coming decade that's worrying business leaders and politicians the most
ActiveFence Forecast: Key Generative AI Threats for 2024
OpenAI debuts ChatGPT subscription aimed at small teams
Particle Swarm Optimization
Pennsylvania partners with OpenAI to pilot ChatGPT Enterprise for its workforce, leading a program in which state employees will begin using generative AI to assist with their work
Research Focus: Week of January 8, 2024
TIER IV announces the initiation of the Co-MLOps Project
8 Open-Source Tools for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Implementation
How to Build an AI-Enabled Service Company
One ring, one app: Amazfit's new smart ring integrates sleep and fitness data
Top AI Predictions for 2024   Part 1 (Free Download)
IBM Report Suggests Early Adopters Driving Enterprise AI Adoption But Barriers to Adoption Remain
The Rabbit R1 & Humane AI Pin Will Probably Fail, but Apple and Google Can Pick Up the Slack
Valve tightens review process for games with generative AI content on Steam
The Amazing, Fun and Downright Zany Gadgets at CES 2024
What's the most inefficient way to plot something you've ever seen? I'll go first.
Advanced Query Transformations to Improve RAG
OpenAI's custom GPT Store is now open for business
OpenAI launches a store for custom AI-powered chatbots
US lawmaker wants probe of UAE firm with ties to OpenAI, Microsoft
Sam's Club will stop checking receipts at the door &mdash; and instead use AI to snap photos of your shopping cart
[D] Is On-Device AI the Future? NVIDIA Throws Down the Gauntlet at CES
Hyundai shows off its updated S-A2 air taxi at CES 2024
How to increase Grafana refresh rate frequency
OpenAI Launches New Store For Users to Share Custom Chatbots
Every Indian Company is Starting to Look Like an AI Company
Linux devices are under attack by a never-before-seen worm
OpenAI launches GPT Store, where users can share their custom chatbots, says users made 3M chatbots so far, and it will launch a revenue sharing program in Q1 (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
[R] AdamL: A fast adaptive gradient method incorporating loss function
Valve now allows the  vast majority  of AI-powered games on Steam
How AI and ML Are Scaling Data Collection to Transform Medical Monitoring
4 Steps to Become a Generative AI Developer
AI hardware, fintech woes and venture capital's shedding phase
Microsoft Debates What to Do With A.I. Lab in China
[D] Best Time Series models for Forecasting (alternative to TimeGPT)?
Cappella's AI translates baby cries to help sleep-deprived parents
Using ChatGPT to Search Online Products. Walmart Collaborates with Microsoft.
AI Fever at CES Infects L'Oreal and Walmart
Samsung Revolutionizes Home Tech With AI, CES 2024
Valve's new guidelines will allow for more AI content in games
4 careers where workers will have to change jobs by 2030 due to AI and shifts in how we shop, a McKinsey study says
CES 2024: Intel Expands Intel Core 14th Gen Line for Efficient Performance in Desktops and Laptops
Automation driving AI adoption, but lack of right skillsets slowing down returns
82 Stories To Learn About Neural Networks
Career doubts
PASQAL Joins Forces with Mila to Enhance Generative Modeling in Quantum AI
Large Language Models with Scikit-learn: A Comprehensive Guide to Scikit-LLM
AI alone is not enough. Here's how to unlock its true business value
great_tables - Finally, a Python package for creating great-looking display tables!
These smart binoculars can identify birds and animals for you
OpenAI Launches ChatGPT Team
The New York Times' lawsuit against OpenAI could have major implications for the development of machine intelligence
AI discovers that not every fingerprint is unique
Wacom Enraged Customers by Using AI Art, But Says It's Not To Blame
Is AI a Job Killer? AI-Driven Development Tools Offer Clues
Scientists identify security flaw in AI query models
OpenAI Launches the GPT Store, a Marketplace for AI Tools
How ChatGPT changed my writing
Programming Languages used for Game Development
OpenAI Launches GPT Store, Offering ChatGPT Users Access to Custom AI Models
A Comprehensive Guide to Data-Driven Customer Lifecycle Management
Q&A: Language models a guide for the perplexed
OpenAI Launches GPT Store for Custom ChatGPT Apps
Experience Real-Time Audio and Video Communication with NVIDIA Maxine
A Volkswagen with ChatGPT told me a story about dinosaurs at CES 2024
New Hadoop and Flink Hacks Leveraging Known Configuration Vulnerability
Psychological profiling study finds that language-based AI models have hidden morals and values
Among Hundreds of AI Tools for VS Code, GitHub Copilot Chat Explodes
OpenAI Strikes Back Against New York Times Copyright Infringement Lawsuit
Spotting Spatiotemporal Patterns in Earthquake Data
Demystifying Python Loops: A Beginner's Guide to Crafting a Multiplication Table
OpenAI launches GPT Store and ChatGPT for Teams
Knowledge-Enhanced Agents for Interactive Text Games
How to build the foundation for a profitable AI startup
An AI model to predict parking availability
Meet MosaicBERT: A BERT-Style Encoder Architecture and Training Recipe that is Empirically Optimized for Fast Pretraining
Hyped AI Pin Startup Humane Lays Off Some Staff Amid Reorganization
What is RAG?
Nowatch adds watch faces to a fitness tracker that vows not to interrupt you
OpenAI tells regulators training usable AI models without copyrighted material is  impossible
Luma AI raises $43 million for generative 3D AI tools, exclusively backed by a16z
ChatGPT maker OpenAI launches GPT Store and a subscription tier for teams
Ultralytics' YOLOv8.1 brings major enhancements to its popular object recognition framework
AI Can Help Us Recycle More
OpenAI's GPT Store lets ChatGPT users discover popular user-made chatbot roles
When an AI-Generated Taylor Swift Swindles Social Media Users, Who is to Blame?
Lower latency, lower cost, more possibilities
Is it true that a few years ago you could get a good DS job with just a bootcamp/no CS DS degree?
Using EvaDB to build AI-enhanced apps
AI helps whittle down candidates for hydrogen carriers in liquid form from billions to about 40
The Best, Coolest, and Weirdest Gadgets at CES 2024
The Achilles' heel of artificial intelligence: Why discrimination remains an unresolved problem
OpenAI debuts GPT Store for users to buy and sell customized chatbots
Brave Search can now deliver results for programming queries
Rabbit sells out 10,000 units of its R1 pocket AI companion in one day
'None of Us Want Our Voices Replicated': Voice Actors Say Union's 'Ethical' AI Deal Is Bad for Humans
If you're gonna use AI-made stuff in your game, you better tell us, says Steam
I found a GPT for perfect Midjourney Prompts and Images
Frustrated by Creating Test Data?
[D] XGBoost Always gets 100% accuracy
You Can Build an App in 60 Minutes with ChatGPT, with Geoffrey Litt
OpenAI in Talks With CNN, Fox and Time to License Content
ChatGPT Team Edition is the Small Business Solution to Complement ChatGPT Enterprise
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Documents Splitting [Part 2]
GPT-4 Turbo now powers Microsoft Copilot. Here's how to check if you have access
Optimization of Nonlinear Functions via Piecewise Linearization
CES 2024: The weirdest tech, gadgets and AI claims from Las Vegas
Sources: OpenAI is in talks with CNN and Fox Corp. to license text, video, and image content; Time says it  is in discussions with OpenAI  about an agreement (Bloomberg)
OpenAI launches GPT Store
The best smart home tech at CES 2024
AI versus old-school creativity: a 50-student, semester-long showdown
E-Nose Sniffs Out Coffee Varieties Nearly Perfectly
Is it just my team or you guys also work at like 10 things at the same time?
Nasdaq Invests in Fighting Financial Crime Using AI Technology
CES 2024: Everything revealed so far, from Nvidia and Sony to rabbit's pocket AI and the weirdest reveals
This AI Paper Proposes CoMoSVC: A Consistency Model-based SVC Method that Aims to Achieve both High-Quality Generation and High-Speed Sampling
AI predicts the strength of a composite reinforced with titanium carbide and bromide after processing
Would You Kill a Clone of Yourself? Earthgang Says 'In a Heartbeat'
Here's what we know about the SAG-AFTRA AI voice acting licensing deal
AI Misinformation Is the Greatest Global Threat
max spacing between mass shootings [data graphics]
OpenAI's app store is here. It has chatbots for everything from negotiating a job offer to looking up a pet question.
Lightbug   - The First Mojo HTTP Framework
CES 2024: Qualcomm AI Chip for Virtual and Mixed Reality Could Compete with Apple Vision Pro
A Simple Trick to Do Your Data Analysis in Seconds
OpenAI's GPT Store is Now Open for Chatbot Builders
What Happened to AI Ethics?
Whats the best way to learn more about deep learning for a career? (Books?)
Como usar Flex-Box?
This Paper Explores Efficient Large Language Model Architectures   Introducing PanGu- with Superior Performance and Speed
Walmart makes a rare CES appearance to promote AI-powered shopping
Congress Wants Tech Companies to Pay Up for AI Training Data
GPT Store: OpenAI's most compelling reason to become a ChatGPT Plus subscriber yet
SAG-AFTRA Inks Controversial Deal to Allow AI-Generated Voice Acting
Is tree-based model applicable to time-series data?
Why AI software 'softening' accents is problematic
Reveal debuts 'Ask': A Generative AI feature designed for Legal
Struggling with work anxiety
CES 2024 was Gamers' Paradise
Italian asset management company Anima Alternative SGR adopts Kepler Cheuvreux's new analytics suite
Researchers from Stanford Present Mobile ALOHA: A Low-Cost and Whole-Body Teleoperation System for Data Collection
Budgeting with ChatGPT
Google is losing its Fitbit leaders and laying off hundreds of AR employees
Journalism professor Jeff Jarvis says we need to  rethink copyright  for the age of AI
A look at some of the most interesting tech from CES 2024: Roxi's interactive music video channels for linear TV, Samsung's Ballie AI robot projector, and more (Chris Velazco/Washington Post)
[D] Anyone Tried a Tesla P100 for Fine-Tuning LLMs?
Apex Systems collaborating with Salesforce to implement Einstein
OpenAI is gearing up for a legal fight with The New York Times. A loss could cause chaos for the entire AI industry.
[D] Best ML tracking tool to monitor LIVE a pytorch model ?
Art that can be easily copied by AI is 'meaningless', says Ai Weiwei
An Interview with 'Margie the Hun', the AI Marge Simpson Taking Off Online
Google lays off hundreds of people working on Assistant and says the restructuring would help improve Assistant as it explores integrating newer AI technology (Louise Matsakis/Semafor)
Time Series isn't good enough and idk what to do
WEKA achieves NVIDIA DGX BasePOD Certification
India's Effort to Speak the Language of AI
Sources: OpenAI, Inflection, and Cohere held back-channel talks on AI safety with Chinese state-backed groups in Geneva in July 2023 and October 2023 (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
Is this a good book to learn and practice C++ for CV?
AI-enabled PCs will drive PC sales growth in 2024, say research firms
Chroma ATE advancing versatility in testing
Our science predictions for 2024   podcast
Andrew Ng Teams Up with LangChain for Another Course on LLM Development
Building Your Model Is Not Enough   You Need To Sell It
A leaked presentation reveals how Microsoft built one of its top generative AI products, from cherry picking outputs to pitching government customers
Chipmakers are Gearing to Power the Next-Generation of Cars
Run Mixtral-8x7B on Consumer Hardware with Expert Offloading
AI generates a short play about the same person
[D] [RAG] [llama-index] How to execute multiple SQL queries with SQLTableRetrieverQueryEngine in NL2SQL project?
A survey of 9,388 software engineers in December 2023 finds ~90% believe getting a job now is harder than pre-pandemic, 60%+ believe AI will lead to less hiring (Maxwell Strachan/VICE)
Post BrAIner
Python for Beginners - Introduction
Meet neograd: A Deep Learning Framework Created from Scratch Using Python and NumPy with Automatic Differentiation Capabilities
RBI Governor Warns Against 'Algorithm-Based' Lending by Banks
Large language models to identify social determinants of health in electronic health records
Botvisor
Convolutional Layer  Building Block of CNNs
4 Functions to Know If You Are Planning to Switch from Pandas to Polars
Why do  AI influencers  keep saying that AGI will arrive in the next couple of years?
OPPO, AlpsenTek and Qualcomm Boost AI Motion, Image Quality For Mobile Applications
Pennsylvanians, your government workers are now powered by ChatGPT
Web3 Gaming Analytics for Developers
OpenAI launches GPT Store to let users share custom chatbots
Retrieving data from the bottom of the ocean:
Navigating the AI Revolution: Key Trends and Predictions
Inside Phi 2: Microsoft's small language model
Global semiconductor market rebound in sight, but tethered to the rise of AI
Coursera launches new AI features in India, translates 4,000 courses into Hindi
Julia's Rise in Scientific Computing
Family Dinner Planner
NTT Announces New Data Centre Campus in Noida
AI and Education: Will Chatbots Soon Tutor Your Children?
Glassy Scroll Mega Menu Bootstrap v.5.3 JS
Hover Effect Pricing Section JS & Bootstrap 5.3
How AI Replaced the Metaverse as Zuckerberg's Top Priority
Meet Ghostbuster: An AI Technique for Detecting LLM-Generated Content
10 Must-Try GPTs from GPT Store
Deontological Ethics, Utilitarianism and AI
OpenAI is reportedly in talks with CNN, Fox Corp, and Time to license their work as its legal wrangling with the NYT continues
Unlocking Developer Productivity: The Key Is AI + Clean Code
Lessons From the OpenAI Storm: Angel Investors in the Age of aI Revolution
Google plans to remove 17  underutilized  Assistant features in February, including voice-controlled Play Books audiobooks, media alarms, and Calm meditation (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Meet VTC (Virtual Token Counter): The First Fair Scheduler for Large Language Model LLMs Serving
Server-Side Rendering v/s Client-Side Rendering
After announcing the $199 R1  Large Action Model  AI handheld at CES, Rabbit sold 10,000 units in one day; second batch orders should ship in April to May 2024 (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Interview with Changhoon Kim   enhancing the reliability of image generative AI
OpenAI launches GPT Store to expand user base and add revenue streams
Google Cloud rolls out new gen AI products for retailers
AI4Bharat Introduces AI Residency Program for 2024-2025
Build a local file chatbot with Nvidia's Chat with RTX
The R1 Is An Adorable AI-Powered Device That Brings All Your Phone Apps In One Place
AI flips the script on fingerprint lore   maybe they're not so unique after all
How to explain short term outliers to the managers in my company
Generative AI Report   1/11/2024
Infosys To Acquire InSemi, Driving Innovation in Semiconductor Design
KARL STORZ acquires British AI Specialist Innersight Labs
This Paper Explores Generative AI's Evolution: The Impact of Mixture of Experts, Multimodal Learning, and AGI on Future Technologies and Ethical Practices
This Tech Bhai from IIT Madras is Making Google Dance
2023: The Year of Large Language Models LLMs
[D] Knowledge Graph Extraction from Unstructured Medical Texts
Generative AI   A $100bn market by 2028 according to Sopra Steria Next
Do Large Language Models (LLMs) Relearn from Removed Concepts?
Eye On AI: More Regulators Look Into AI Investing
AI Tool Helps Fix Faulty Trades Amid Shift to Faster Settlement Times
Psychopathology of Large Language Models: Foundation Models in a Neurobiological Perspective
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #7
Sam Altman calls brief ouster 'a real moment of growing up' for OpenAI
1X, an OpenAI-backed developer of humanoid robots with plans to bring its bipedal robot NEO to the market, raised a $100M Series B from EQT Ventures and others (Shubham Sharma/VentureBeat)
Rabbit sells 10,000 of its R1 AI pocket companions in one day
TCS Shows Poor Generative AI Confidence, Despite Growth in Revenue
Creating k-NN with C++ (from Scratch)
The George Carlin AI Standup Is Worse Than You Can Imagine
Sopra Steria Next Forecasts GenAI Market to Be Worth $100B by 2028
OpenAI launches GPT Store for custom AI assistants
How to quickly set up a benchmark for deep learning models with Kedro ?
Domestic humanoid backed by OpenAI closer to market after $100M raise
Hyundai's hydrogen Hail Mary
What is Inheritance in OOP in Python? What are the Different Types of Inheritance
LLM Inference Hardware: Emerging from Nvidia's Shadow
TCS Revenue Growth, AI Might Make Impact on Deals and Jobs
Data Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer?
Practical Guide to Topic Modeling with LDA
NYU and Intel Researchers Introduce Image Sculpting: A New Artificial Intelligence Framework for Editing 2D Images by Incorporating Tools from 3D Geometry and Graphics
Research shows artificial intelligence fails in grammar
Snowflake Introduction
Maximizing Python Code Efficiency: Strategies to Overcome Common Performance Hurdles
Google Ends Cloud Switching Fees, Pressuring Amazon and Microsoft
InseRF edits photorealistic 3D worlds via text prompt
What does the year ahead look like for artificial intelligence?
Ally Financial Collaborates with LangChain to Deliver Critical Coding Module to Mask Personal Identifying Information in a Compliant and Safe Manner
OpenAI Launches GPT Store for Building Custom ChatGPTs
Q-Refine: A General Refiner to Optimize AI-Generated Images from Both Fidelity and Aesthetic Quality Levels
At CES 2024, AI Is Here to Help
OpenAI-Backed Humanoid Maker Gets $100 Million in EQT-Led Round
Hosting Multiple LLMs on a Single Endpoint
10 Best AI PDF Summarizers
The Biggest AI News That Shook the World in 2023
Toyota's Robots Are Learning to Do Housework By Copying Humans
At Senate AI hearing, news executives fight against  fair use  claims for AI training data
Free Digital Webinar Series: How to Get Started with AI Inference
Artificial intelligence helps unlock advances in wireless communications
Wi-Fi 7 quietly took off while everyone was looking at AI
This is why AI-powered misinformation is the top global risk
Designing AI-Driven Software Engineering Teams
Generative AI isn't a home run in the enterprise
Novel AI framework generates images from nothing
Sold out: Rabbit sells 10,000 pocket AI companions on launch day
A sleek $199 AI assistant that promises to handle your digital tasks sold out in a day &mdash; but more are on the way
Training Improved Text Embeddings with Large Language Models
Typeface and Microsoft partner to reimagine marketing workflows with AI
Data Science roles how to
Implementation Details Of Reluplex: An Efficient SMT Solver for Verifying Deep Neural Networks
George Carlin's Daughter Horrified by AI-Generated  Comedy Special  of Her Dead Dad
Snapchat now lets parents restrict their teens from using the app's 'My AI' chatbot
Enhancing Data Science Workflows: Mastering Version Control for Jupyter Notebooks
Microsoft briefly overtakes Apple to become the world's most valuable company again
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman just got married
Study pinpoints the weaknesses in AI
[R]  Challenge LLMs to Reason About Reasoning: A Benchmark to Unveil Cognitive Depth in LLMs  (DiagGSM8K)
In 2024, Deepfakes Are Going Mainstream. Here's How Businesses Can Protect Themselves
Infosys Shows Low Level of Confidence in Generative AI, Stresses on Capabilities
RLHF 201 - with Nathan Lambert of AI2 and Interconnects
[R] Learning Long Sequences in Spiking Neural Networks
Colossal-AI Team Open-Sources SwiftInfer: A TensorRT-Based Implementation of the StreamingLLM Algorithm
Getting Started with AI in High-Risk Industries, How to Become a Data Engineer, and Query-Driven.
George Carlin's daughter lambasts AI-generated video of late comedian
Microsoft unveils new generative AI capabilities for retailers
The 14 best robots and AI tech we've seen at CES 2024 so far
OpenAI rolls out Team tier because not everyone has enterprise-deep pockets
OpenAI: 'Impossible' to Train Models Without Copyrighted Content
Sources describe how AI replaced the metaverse as Mark Zuckerberg's top priority, leading Meta to ruthlessly cut jobs and focus on quickly releasing AI products (Bloomberg)
Dudesy, a podcast generated by AI and curated by humans, releases an hour-long comedy special featuring an AI recreation of George Carlin, who died in 2008 (Charisma Madarang/Rolling Stone)
Task contamination: LLMs might not be few-shot any more
Open Source VS Closed Source- TRUE democratization of AI?
TaskWeaver: A code-first agent framework for efficient data analytics and domain adaptation
FlutterFlow attracts cash for its low-code mobile app dev platform
AI to Make the Metaverse Relevant Again, CES 2024
Microsoft's AI found a new material to replace li-ion batteries
Where do you fall on the analytics-engineering spectrum?
Is Mamba the End of ChatGPT As We Know It?
Deloitte Provides Employees with New AI Chatbot, PairD
MMI and ab medica to expand access to Symani Surgical System
Juniper Networks acquisition will bolster HPE AI & security offerings
Brain-inspired model enhances wastewater treatment predictions
'Desperate' Chinese Companies Using Nvidia Gaming Chips for AI
Judges in England and Wales Have Given the Green Light for the Use of AI in Writing Legal Opinions
Microsoft's 'Real Relationship' With OpenAI Is Key EU Focus
Deepspeed Wheels For Windows
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of January 5th
Radiant Logic announces RadiantOne AI, with  AIDA
Most things we have today in AI will be a irrelevant in 6 months [P]
U.S. Supreme Court Warning of Dangers Related to AI in the Legal Profession
Microsoft Adding New Windows Keyboard That Will Activate Copilot
Landmark Research Reveals the Origins of Multiple Sclerosis
Samsung Poised to Show Off New Smartphone With AI Taking the Lead Role
Google Cloud launches new generative AI tools for retailers to improve online shopping, including a chatbot that can offer product recommendations to consumers (Alex Koller/CNBC)
GPT-4 Image Analysis: Reverse Engineering a Data Visual Screenshot
New Method Hopes to Understand Multi-Attacks Against Image Classification Systems
Baidu's Ernie Bot Has More Than 100 Million Users According to CTO
Page by Page Review: Mixtral of Experts (8x7B)
Q&A: ChatGPT has read almost the whole internet. That hasn't solved its diversity issues
Classification and Regression in Machine Learning: Understanding the Difference
Google claims to 'reaffirm' Right to Repair support three years after lobbying against it
Google targets retail sector with new genAI tools, hardware
AI startup Rabbit's R1 device sells out in 24 hours
Sam Altman says it's 'potentially a little scary' how quickly society will have to adapt to the AI revolution
SAG-AFTRA Approves AI Voice Actors, Enrages The VA Community
OpenAI Signs Up 260 Businesses for Corporate Version of ChatGPT
The best of CES 2024
When all else fails in debugging code. go back to basics
Writing simple Python scripts faster with Amazon Q
NoaBot: Another Mirai Botnet Strikes at Linux Devices
McDeepNet: A Step-by-Step Guide to Building and Training a TensorFlow RNN on McDonald's Reviews
From voice synthesis to fertility tracking, here are some actually helpful AI products at CES
Sloan's Inbox: How do improve focus?
Researchers from UT Austin Propose a New Machine Learning Approach to Generating Synthetic Functional Training Data that does not Require Solving a PDE (partial Differential Equations) Numerically
I saw Samsung's Ballie robot assistant at CES, and it actually seems helpful
Remember That Uber-Hyped  AI Pin  Startup? It's Already Doing Layoffs
Hellman &amp; Friedman Explores Sale, IPO of Energy Software Maker Enverus
OpenAI's COO Pitches Startup As Friendly Partner to Publishers
Pioneering GenAI Integration for Business Success: A CEO's Guide
Can large language models identify and correct their mistakes?
What methods do you use for qualitative data like user surveys?
Neural Network Quantization & Number Formats From First Principles
Is it normal to spend a day on something that doesn't work?
EnterpriseDB Bullish on Postgres' 2024 Potential
Plaud Note
Kannada Llama Finally Arrives
Hyundai Motor India fixes bug that exposed customers' personal data
What is going on with ChatGPT? | Arwa Mahdawi
100+ Free HTML CSS Website Templates
Thiel's Palantir, Israel Agree Strategic Partnership for Battle Tech
Keep an eye on 6 more European startups showcasing at CES this week
AI-Optimized Catheter Design Could Prevent Urinary Tract Infections without Drugs
SAP Gets a Leadership Makeover
OpenChat 7B An Open Source Model That Beats ChatGPT-3.5
ASUS ZenBook 14 OLED review (2023): A compelling AI PC stuck in a familiar design
Copyrights in AI: Legal Overview
Sources: the UK plans to publish  key tests  that need to be met to pass new AI laws, including if its new AI Safety Institute fails to identify risks (Financial Times)
Q&A with OpenAI COO Brad Lightcap on managing deals with publishers, launching the GPT Store, OpenAI's corporate structure, Sam Altman's departure, and more (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
As deepfakes warp elections overseas, US state legislators race to enact laws, with varying penalties, requiring disclosure of the use of AI in political ads (David W. Chen/New York Times)
AI will have a big impact on jobs this year. Here's why that could be good news
Efficient feature selection via genetic algorithms
CES 2024: 5 Top Business Tech Trends
PulseAI's AI Algorithm Enhances Consumer ECG Diagnostics
Efficient feature selection via CMA-ES (Covariance Matrix Adaptation Evolution Strategy)
Can AI Really Tell if Your 3D Model is a Masterpiece or a Mess? This AI Paper Seems to have an Answer!
Did you know that only 6.4% of federal IT projects are considered successful?
How to watch the new Galaxy smartphones get revealed at Samsung Unpacked on January 17
The GPT Store: Is the Hype Justified?
Paracetamol.py | #21: Explica este cdigo Python
Scientists show how shallow learning mechanism used by the brain can compete with deep learning
Microsoft's Generative AI Brilliance Reshapes Retail
Using LLMs to Build Explainable Recommender Systems
Are Your AI Models Hungry for Too Much Power? This Paper from Microsoft Introduces Splitwise to Split the Bill
What happens if the explanatory and response variables are sorted independently before regression?
Seeq recognizes 2023 Partners of the Year
Darwinium and AtData forge powerful partnership against fraud
Nvidia's AI NPCs Fear Me, the Dreaded Ramen Bounty Hunter
Lower latency, reduced prices, and our Java SDK release
Media experts cry foul over AI's free lunch of copyrighted content
Easy Guide to Creating Smart Chatbots with Langchain & GPT-4
I rode in a Hyundai Ioniq 5 with wheels that go sideways
Regulators Are Finally Catching Up With Big Tech
Object Computing initiates to Encourage Women in Technology
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of January 12th
Google is making hundreds of layoffs across its hardware, Assistant, and engineering teams
SysAid commercially releases the SysAid Copilot
2024 will be intriguing year for cloud-based collaboration: GlobalData
MIPS Aims to Give Back Control, for AI-Centric Compute
Beyond Nvidia: Exploring New Horizons in LLM Inference
Deploy Tiny-Llama on AWS EC2
The Bumpy Road Ahead: AI and Copyright Law in Early 2024
Revisiting the Radeon RX 6500 XT: One of the Worst GPUs We've Ever Tested
Williams Lea launches ENGAGE Transcribe
Will 2024 (finally) be the year of the autonomous vehicle?
Slew of deepfake video adverts of Sunak on Facebook raises alarm over AI risk to election
Microsoft wants to automatically launch its Copilot AI on some Windows 11 devices
How to deal with data scientists
DS funny books
How to pick a name for your AI startup
Computer-Vision Enhanced Recycling Sorting Kiosk at SeaTac Airport
Engadget Podcast: AI steals the show at CES 2024
Meet DeepSeek LLMs: A Series of Open-Source AI Models Trained from Scratch on a Vast Dataset of 2 Trillion Tokens in both English and Chinese
These AI binoculars just made birdwatching a whole lot easier   and more expensive
Who wants to be a millionaire - Computer Science edition (Python)
George Carlin's Daughter Slams Hour Long AI-Generated Comedy Special
Thoughts on Potential of LLMs/Foundation Models for Zero-Shot Time Series Forecasting [D]
Transparent TVs, AI catflaps: what were the tech standouts at CES 2024?
The once-secure profession of software engineer is under threat from AI and intense competition
On noisy evaluation in federated hyperparameter tuning
1x Robotics raises $100 million to launch general-purpose robot
5G is hot, but still getting a cool reception within enterprise walls
Automation Anywhere launches New Benchmarking Services
Are We Undervaluing Simple Models?
Running Mixtral 8x7b On Google Colab For Free
OpenAI has brought 260 companies onto ChatGPT Enterprise
Decoding the Next Big Thing in AI: The Inevitable Race for AGI and Ethical Responsibility
Amazon Is Selling Products With AI-Generated Names Like  I Cannot Fulfill This Request It Goes Against OpenAI Use Policy
Data brokers know everything about you   what FTC case against ad tech giant Kochava reveals
AI for Web Devs: Project Introduction & Setup
Cloud and AI will be 2024's cybersecurity battlegrounds
Investigating dataset bias in machine-learned theories of economic decisions
Google and Bing Put AI Deepfake Porn at Top of Some Search Results
Could unsupervised clustering approximate ground truth categories or classification? [D]
Tutorial: Publishing a Custom Version of ChatGPT on the GPT Store
Pro Weekly: For Creator Startups, Money Doesn't Always Equal Success
Can large language models identify and correct their mistakes? (Google Research)
2023 Was the Year of AI. 2024 Must Be the Year of Purposeful AI
Open-Source AI Is Uniquely Dangerous
Consumer Watchdog Report: Wall Street AI Could Cause Financial Crisis
Will AI make computer screens a thing of the past?
Wipro's Net Profit Dips 12%, Marks Fourth Quarter Slump
Splatter Image: Ultra-Fast Single-View 3D Reconstruction
AMD recommends pairing Ryzen 8000G APUs with dual-channel DDR5-6000 memory
What to Expect at Samsung's Unpacked: Galaxy AI is Coming
Have any of you gotten to use multi arm bandits or any  modern  techniques for experimental design?
The Evolving Landscape of Generative AI: A Survey of Mixture of Experts, Multimodality, and the Quest for AGI
AMIE: A research AI system for diagnostic medical reasoning and conversations
Sam Altman says this is his most-used app &mdash; and it's not ChatGPT
Cybersecurity Measures to Prevent Data Poisoning
More than an OpenAI Wrapper: Perplexity Pivots to Open Source
AI in journalism:  There's just no business model for us in that ecosystem
OpenAI changes policy to allow military applications
Exploring  Small  Vision-Language Models with TinyGPT-V
Google will now let EU users select which services share their data, thanks to the DMA
TuSimple's self-driving trucks up for auction following US exit
Google AI Researchers Introduce DiarizationLM: A Machine Learning Framework to Leverage Large Language Models (LLM) to Post-Process the Outputs from a Speaker Diarization System
The FDA has reportedly approved an AI product that predicts cognitive decline
Is the Year of Startup Austerity Over? What Can Save the News Business?
Marimo
Wells Fargo's assistant, powered by Google's AI, poised to hit 100 million interactions annually
9 no-code and low-code ways to build AI-powered Speech-to-Text tools
An international body will need to oversee AI regulation, but we need to think carefully about what it looks like
Meet AI Gateway: An Open-Sourced Fast AI Gateway Routed to 100+ Large Language Models LLMs with One Fast and Friendly API
Mini-Max Optimization Design of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN)
Sand Land, a game adaptation of Akira Toriyama's manga, drops on April 26
Retrieval Augmented Generation
Futurism in Africa: Creating New Realities With The Power of Technology
OpenAI GPT Store is a Nascent Marketplace for Custom ChatGPTs
Exploring the Superhero Role of 2D Batch Normalization in Deep Learning Architectures
Insane dexterity. Crazy AIs...
OpenAI quietly removed a ban on  military and warfare  use from its usage policy, as part of a major rewrite to make the policy  clearer  and  more readable  (Sam Biddle/The Intercept)
The best laptops of CES 2024
I'm sorry, but I cannot fulfill this request as it goes against OpenAI use policy
Can a Single AI Model Conquer Both 2D and 3D Worlds? This AI Paper Says Yes with ODIN: A Game-Changer in 3D Perception
BT Young Scientist develops novel approach to content verification in post-ChatGPT era
Testing in Practice: Code, Data and ML Model
Visualisation 101: Choosing the Best Visualisation Type
The challenges of regulating artificial intelligence
Where is all of the fediverse?
Is AI Dangerous For Developers?
Understanding Generative AI: Part Two - Neural Networks
What do you think about Yann Lecun's controversial opinions about ML? [D]
What's new in the GitHub Community - 2024.01.12
VentureBeat's AI Impact Tour launches with focus on bleeding edge of generative AI and governance
Qualcomm CEO: LLMs Coming to Personal Devices, CES 2024
SAG-AFTRA Deal with AI Voice Cloners Angers Many Actors
How to build a solid   and profitable!   AI startup
Smart home speakers are almost dead. Can AI save them?
11 Python Boilerplate Code Snippets Every Developer Needs
Lazy use of AI leads to Amazon products called  I cannot fulfill that request
How will we be able to interact with a powerful AI?
Demo: Rapid Vulnerability Remediation with Slim.ai
Build Machine Learning Pipelines with Airflow and Mlflow: Reservation Cancellation Forecasting
AI can tell if prints from two different fingers belong to same person
CES 2024: Everything revealed so far, from Nvidia and Sony to the weirdest reveals and helpful AI
Infosys to acquire InSemi
Just Released: cuBLASDx
Here is an upcoming cool event (online or in person) 'Meet SingleStore Pro Max, The Data Platform'
The Future of Nukes Involves AI and Nobody Knows What Happens Next
IBM: While Enterprise Adoption of Artificial Intelligence Increases, Barriers are Limiting Its Usage
Microsoft Tops Apple to Become Most Valuable Public Company
Instagram's co-founders are shutting down their Artifact news app
From Vision to Action: Pfizer's R Adoption Odyssey   Join the Webinar on February 8, 2024
GitHub Copilot copyright case narrowed but not neutered
MIT experts develop AI models that can detect pancreatic cancer early
Amazon sells products with titles like  I'm sorry, I cannot fulfill this request as it goes against OpenAI use policy  as sellers use ChatGPT to write listings (Elizabeth Lopatto/The Verge)
Voice Actors Shocked By Union's Sudden Deal Allowing AI-Generated Performances
Pitch Deck Teardown: Qortex's $10M Seed deck
AI News Roundup: Microsoft Fills Its OpenAI Board Seat
Neural Style Transfer Tutorial with Tensorflow and Python
[D] Good ML Eng question banks for interviews?
NTU and Meta Researchers Introduce URHand: A Universal Relightable Hand AI Model that Generalizes Across Viewpoints, Poses, Illuminations, and Identities
Mind2Web AI Agent Expands Accessibility to Internet
Meet PHEME: PolyAI's Advanced Transformer-Based TTS System for Efficient and Conversational Synthesis
12 Must-Have Resources for Mastering Milvus - Your Gateway to Seamless Vector Workloads
Google Cloud Waives Cloud Exit Fees, Throws Down Gauntlet to AWS and Azure
OpenAI GPT Store Is Not the End of Thin-Wrapper GPT Startups
[D] Cheapest way to scale up and down from a large GPU to just CPU with minimal overhead?
Algorithmiq Demonstrates Path to Quantum Utility with IBM
Can Your Chatbot Become Sherlock Holmes? This Paper Explores the Detective Skills of Large Language Models in Information Extraction
LLMs for Everyone: Running the HuggingFace Text Generation Inference in Google Colab
How to Write Memory-Efficient Classes in Python
AI Generated Product Descriptions (link in thread)
Detect, Defend, Prevail: Payments Fraud Detection using ML & Deepchecks
Teleform
Copilot-key: not mandatory and no fixed placement
Why did you choose data science as a career? what's your daily life like? did you regret it?
Data Science Hiring Process at SAP Labs India
What kind of Data Scientist is in demand for 2024?
Generative AI News Rundown - CES, GPTs, ChatGPT Team, Rabbit, Perplexity, Google, Alexa, About $200M in New Funding, and Much More
Unpacking Yolov8: Ultralytics' Viral Computer Vision Masterpiece
Take in a sunset, a snowstorm or a baby's cry, and see why AI is no threat to art | Ai Weiwei
Demis Hassabis, chief of DeepMind spinout Isomorphic Labs, believes the company would halve drug discovery times after inking deals with Eli Lilly and Novartis (Financial Times)
This AI Paper Explores the Impact of Reasoning Step Length on Chain of Thought Performance in Large Language Models
AI safety alignment can make language models more deceptive, says Anthropic study
Discovering how python is saving my memory
What I learn from Google Cloud Study Jam: GenAI
Integrating Imagen2 AI in NodeJS
Researchers from Stanford Developed ADMET-AI: A Machine Learning Platform that Provides Fast and Accurate ADMET Predictions both as a Website and as a Python Package
[R] UnIVAL: Unified Model for Image, Video, Audio and Language Tasks
Please critique my CV. About 200 apps and still no call.
What is computer vision in the medical space like, jobs wise?
[D] What is the best text-to-speech tool currently?
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/12/2024
In Leaked Audio, Microsoft Cherry-Picked Examples to Make Its AI Seem Functional
Humpty Dumpty and Time Series: Mixed Model Time Series Regression
Personage
JPMorgan AI Research Introduces DocGraphLM: An Innovative AI Framework Merging Pre-Trained Language Models and Graph Semantics for Enhanced Document Representation in Information Extraction and QA
Altman drama prompts EU to investigate Microsoft's relationship with OpenAI
Demystifying Confidence Intervals with Examples
For Data Science Leaders, what would you want to learn from other Data Science peers in Leadership roles?
The hard truth about AI? It might produce some better software | John Naughton
AI girlfriends are here   but there's a dark side to virtual companions | Arwa Mahdawi
OpenAI's GPT Store Already Filling Up With  AI Girlfriends
This AI Paper from Segmind and HuggingFace Introduces Segmind Stable Diffusion (SSD-1B) and Segmind-Vega (with 1.3B and 0.74B): Revolutionizing Text-to-Image AI with Efficient, Scaled-Down Models
MAGNeT: A Masked Generative Sequence AI Modeling Method that Operates Directly Over Several Streams of Audio Tokens and 7x Faster than the Autoregressive Baseline
Google's new LLM doctor is right way more often than a real doctor
Best of CES 2024: Editors' picks for top buys and the products of the future
Meta AI Introduces CRUXEval: A Benchmark for Code Reasoning, Understanding and Execution
What is a Data Science/AI/ML topic you think is being overlooked?
MIT Researchers Developed a New Method that Uses Artificial Intelligence to Automate the Explanation of Complex Neural Networks
How to Automate Processes with CrewAI
What Sets Great Data Analysts Apart
Climate, chaos and war fill a doomy agenda at Davos
Researchers from Future House and Oxford Created BioPlanner: An Automated AI Approach for Assessing and Training the Protocol-Planning Abilities of LLMs in Biology
Better Architectures for Neural Networks - Chris Manning vs Yann LeCun
SQL Assistant: Text-to-SQL Application in Streamlit
Text-to-SQL & Vanna.ai
Google and Microsoft introduce generative AI services for e-commerce
How ChatGPT turns something creepy into something cleverly creepy
[D] How would you build an R&D team?
How to Choose the Right Vision Model for Your Specific Needs: Beyond ImageNet Accuracy   A Comparative Analysis of Convolutional Neural Networks and Vision Transformer Architectures
OpenAI eases stance on the use of ChatGPT for military purposes
Creating Dataset The Elder Scroll: Skyrim Armor and Sending to Kaggle Datasets
Meta admits using pirated books to train AI, but won't pay for it
Applied Math major
[P] Request to XalosXandrez
First time using GitHub, do you just upload your data file to the repository?
SIA expects global semiconductor sales to recover and grow 13% in 2024 to $588B thanks to high-priced AI chips, but some analysts question the speed of recovery (Financial Times)
Anthropic researchers find that AI models can be trained to deceive
Mastering Python Debugging: A Comprehensive Guide
Generative AI Video Competition Heats Up --ByteDance + TikTok Will Be a Key Player
Toyota is developing robots that can learn to do household chores by watching videos of how humans perform the tasks
At CES, everything was AI, even when it wasn't
Bioinformatics: Researchers develop a new machine learning approach
Microsoft Says It's Adding an  AI  Key to Your Keyboard For Some Reason
Boss says I am not ready for promotion, advice needed
5 Steps to Build Beautiful Stacked Area Charts with Python
Dean Phillips on His Bid to Disrupt Biden and Trump
This AI Paper Proposes MoE-Mamba: Revolutionizing Machine Learning with Advanced State Space Models and Mixture of Experts MoEs Outperforming both Mamba and Transformer-MoE Individually
[R] Google DeepMind Diagnostic LLM Exceeds Human Doctor Top-10 Accuracy (59% vs 34%)
Carta takes heat, Samsung unveils an upgraded Ballie, and Volkswagen brings ChatGPT to cars
AI challenges long-held belief in forensics: not all fingerprints are unique
Anthropic researchers: AI models can be trained to deceive and the most commonly used AI safety techniques had little to no effect on the deceptive behaviors (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
[D] resources for avoiding common mistakes in machine learning projects?
[D] Question about Mixture of Experts in Transformers - Has anyone tried adding the router before the Multi Head Attention Blocks?
Closing the Gap Between Machine Learning and Business
We found the smartest gadgets for every room in your home
Deep learning for single-cell sequencing: a microscope to see the diversity of cells
You can feel like a birdwatching pro with these AI binoculars that identify birds
12 techniques to reduce your LLM API bill and launch blazingly fast products
University of Oxford Researchers Utilize Physics-Aware Machine Learning to Tackle Major Quantum Device Challenge
Synthetic Data: The Good, the Bad and the Unsorted
CES 2024 was all about  AI , with many companies rebranding anything involving algorithms as AI and running the risk of overpromising to consumers (Emilia David/The Verge)
Meet MAGNeT: A Masked Generative Sequence AI Modeling Method that Operates Directly Over Several Streams of Audio Tokens and 7x Faster than the Autoregressive Baseline
Horrified by Horizon? Then get ready to be totally appalled by AI
How to Send Email Notifications using JAVA? (3 Methods With Code Examples)
The Struggles and Triumphs of Trans Inclusion in Indian Tech
Has anyone ever been in a situation where they've realized that hiring a data scientist was a mistake?
[D] easy to criticize papers for undergrads
What's the best way to answer  how good is this model  in the absence of any base model?
Free AI Event: 'Real-Time AI with Kafka and Streaming Data Analytics' (Jan 15, 2024 | 10 am PST)
Apple to Shutter 121-Person San Diego AI Team in Reorganization
How are you already using Artificial Intelligence at work? Are you afraid of AI taking your job?
CognitiveLab Unveils Ambari, Bilingual Language Models in Kannada-English
simulating Gumbel's bivariate exponential distribution
Branding for Developers : A Practical Guide
[P] I was tired of prompting AIs with the context about me, so I built an app that answers my questions while knowing everything about me by recording my conversations and structuring it as memories
OpenAI no longer explicitly excludes the use of its AI systems for  military and warfare
[D] What is the state of generative flow networks?
[R] REBUS: A Robust Evaluation Benchmark of Understanding Symbols
China's race to dominate AI may be hindered by its censorship agenda
LWiAI Podcast #150 - GPT Store, new Nvidia chips, DeepMind's robotics progress, bad uses of AI
Once an AI model exhibits 'deceptive behavior' it can be hard to correct, researchers at OpenAI competitor Anthropic found
'Let's Go Shopping (LGS)' Dataset: A Large-Scale Public Dataset with 15M Image-Caption Pairs from Publicly Available E-commerce Websites
Evaluating Large Language Models
C#, Dart, TypeScript , Python: side-by-side
Mistral AI Introduces Mixtral 8x7B: a Sparse Mixture of Experts (SMoE) Language Model Transforming Machine Learning
AI Study Claims Human Fingerprints Aren't Actually Unique
Data Machina #236
What should I cook for dinner?
AI is the latest job recruiter, and it could cut bias in hiring
Nvidia's Red-Hot 2024 Start a Bright Spot as S&amp;P 500 Eyes Record
Which type of Blogs DEV.TO Community want ?
AI Ethics, The Trolley Problem Reimagined
How To Understand OCR Quality To Optimize Performance
A college senior used AI to try and disprove the long-held belief that all fingerprints are unique
Best of CES 2024: ZDNET editors' top picks
OpenAI's GPT Store debut is reminiscent of Facebook Platform's 2007 launch, which allowed Facebook to use third-party developers' products to boost stickiness (David Karpf/The Atlantic)
Adecco chief says AI will create new jobs
A New Saudi AI Research Initiative Integrating Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning Models to Combat $500 Billion Global Tax Fraud Issue
A New Compute Platform for Generative AI ?
Custom GPTs from OpenAI May Leak Sensitive Information
How to make up for the missing learnings on best practices
AWS Researchers Propose Panda: A New Machine Learning Framework to Provide Context Grounding to Pre-Trained LLMs
Compiling Ruby 3.3 on OpenBSD 7.4
How is your notebook experimentation workflow ?
CrewAi + Solor/Hermes + Langchain + Ollama = Super Ai Agent
[D] What happens when we generate tokens beyond the training context length of LLMs?
These AI smart grills will help you avoid over-cooking that steak
Bridging the Gap: Integrating Data Science and Decision Science through Six Essential Questions
I controlled Super Mario with  Activity Recognition  using just my smartphone! [P]
I controlled Super Mario with  Activity Recognition  using just my smartphone!
Loss is getting clamped in my GCN model [P]
'Tis the season for AI apps and AI gadgets
This Paper Explores the Application of Deep Learning in Blind Motion Deblurring: A Comprehensive Review and Future Prospects
[Research] RepoPilot: Multi-Agent Coding Assistant that Can Understand and Generate Code at Repository Level
Running Local LLMs and VLMs on the Raspberry Pi
Document Re-ranking using LLMs (Paper Summary)
Unlocking Data from Graphs: How to Digitise Plots and Figures with WebPlotDigitizer
Data Reliability 101: A Practical Guide to Data Validation Using Pydantic in Data Science Projects
Faster GPU or Faster CPU: Ryzen 7600 + RTX 4070 Ti vs. Ryzen 7800X3D + RTX 4070
How We Executed a Critical Supply Chain Attack on PyTorch
Google AI Research Introduces Patchscopes: A Revolutionary AI Framework for Decoding and Enhancing the Interpretability of Large Language Models
Rabbit's R1 AI first hardware sold out the first three batches in four days
Google's AMIE is a medical chatbot for expert-level differential diagnosis
FedEx is launching a new e-commerce platform as it competes with Amazon
Ai Weiwei sees no threat to human art in AI art
This AI Paper Introduces the Open-Vocabulary SAM: A SAM-Inspired Model Designed for Simultaneous Interactive Segmentation and Recognition
20x Savings on OpenAI bills Prompt compression: LLMLingua
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says rapid impact of AI on the job market is  potentially a little scary
What are your thoughts on Stata?
Pioneering AI artist says the technology is ultimately 'limiting'
Understanding and Coding Self-Attention, Multi-Head Attention, Cross-Attention, and Causal-Attention in LLMs
Math concepts
Telegraf JS: Library for creating telegram bot using Javascript
Segmentation of coal without labels
Meet LLM AutoEval: An AI Platform that Automatically Evaluates Your LLMs in Google Colab
Ontology Learning or How all texts hide schemas
MLBasics   Simple Linear Regression
[P] Trying to make cloud infrastructure as simple as possible for ML engs. What do you think?
Back UK creative sector or gamble on AI, Getty Images boss tells Sunak
I think Andrej Karpathy showed us what the next GPT-5 will be like with Q*
Researchers from UC Berkeley and Meta Present AST-T5: A Novel Pretraining Paradigm that Harnesses the Power of Abstract Syntax Trees (ASTs) to Boost the Performance of Code-Centric Language Models
FedEx is building its own all-in-one ecommerce platform
Making a Discord bot with PHP
Artificial Intelligence Will Affect Almost 40% of Jobs, IMF Says
RUDN University Mathematicians Enhance 5G and 6G Networks with Advanced Machine Learning: Pioneering Traffic Forecasting for Smarter Radio Resource Management
SUNet: Swin Transformer for Image Denoising
KKR, Bain Capital Plow Into Asia Data Centers on AI, Cloud Boom
Sources: dozens of Chinese entities, including military bodies, AI research institutes, and universities bought small batches of Nvidia chips despite a US ban (Eduardo Baptista/Reuters)
Chinese Government Bought Nvidia Chips Despite US Ban, Reuters Reports
[P] Trying to calculate semantic difference of words.
Will tech giants still hire you for top jobs if you stay in academia and teach for a few years?
Google AI Introduces GRANOLA QA: Revolutionizing Question Answering with Multi-Granularity Evaluation
LLM Benchmarks in 2024.
OpenAI tweaks its fine print, removes explicit ban on 'military and warfare' use
One Worker to Track Them All: Injecting Analytics Scripts into Multiple Websites with Cloudflare Workers
Data Scientist / ML Engineer Interview Expectation 2024
[D] ICLR 2024 decisions are coming out today
Java News Roundup: Final JEP Drafts, Payara 2024 Roadmap, TornadoVM Plugin for IntelliJ
Elite cocktail bars in the UAE have a new way to draw in customers: luxury ice from arctic glaciers
Baidu Dives Most Since 2022 After Report Links AI to China's PLA
[D] How should I go about implementing a custom quantization method?
Any lifelike text-to-speech AI that is customizable in: whispering, pauses, slowing down?
How to conduct research and get to the first paper?
[D] [R] Causality and model-based RL: possible connection?
Creating automatically dozens of calendar notifications (with R)
Quick tip: Using the new VECTOR data type and Infix Operators in SingleStoreDB
What do you do when a project needs an ML approach but people want the interpretation of logistics regression?
What kinds of departments research modern experimental design? [D]
[R] I am a Strange Dataset: Metalinguistic Tests for Language Models
Unleash the Power of AI: Unveiling Amazon Bedrock, Your Gateway to Generative Innovation
AI will affect about 40% of global jobs: IMF
Researchers from Google AI and Tel-Aviv University Introduce PALP: A Novel Personalization Method that Allows Better Prompt Alignment of Text-to-Image Models
This AI Paper from UCSD and Google AI Proposes Chain-of-Table Framework: Enhancing the Reasoning Capability of LLMs by Leveraging the Tabular Structure
Meet Parrot: A Novel Multi-Reward Reinforcement Learning RL Framework for Text-to-Image Generation
The Coolest Tech Gadgets Released at CES 2024
[D] Self-implementing Rabbit tech's LAM
The Next-Generation Cars Will be Driven by Generative AI
AI GPT for Gmail
Can Metamaterials Revolutionize Optical Computing?
Pinokio
Qlary AI
Friz
Rackspace Technology promotes Mark Marino to CFO
Netflix Creates Incremental Processing Solution Using Maestro and Apache Iceberg
AI to hit 40% of jobs and worsen inequality, IMF says
This USC Professor from Kolkata is on a Journey to Civilise AI
Hyundai Offers $7,500 Cash Bonus for EVs to Match US Tax Credits
Introduction to Generative AI and why it's a game-changer in the business world
Can AI Be Conscious?
Rewst raises $31 Million Series B
Yann LeCun Loves Kannada Llama
Tasked with building a DS team
How some artists are incorporating Dall-E, Midjourney, and other AI tools into their work, while others remain anxious about AI's impact on their livelihoods (Emma Park/Financial Times)
McDeepNet: Training TensorFlow on McDonald's Reviews
How To Implement Data Streaming In PyTorch From A Remote Database
IMF chief says AI holds risks, 'tremendous opportunity' for global economy
Why China hates the new president of Taiwan
IMF predicts AI will impact 40% of jobs worldwide, exacerbating inequality and social tensions
What do you think about scientific value brought by the LLMs wave? Seems that everyone is riding the same train. Do I have to do the same? Are you already on that train?
AI-curated news app Artifact shuts down after one year
Researchers from the University of Wisconsin-Madison Challenge the Efficacy of Score-based Generative Models: A Surprising Revelation of Gaussian Mimicry in High-Quality Data Generation
What growing AI datasets mean for data engineering and management
Pixxel Launches Spacecraft Manufacturing Facility in Bengaluru
This AI Paper Demonstrates How Decoder-Only Transformers Mimic Infinite Multi-State Recurrent Neural Networks RNNs and Introduces TOVA for Enhanced Efficiency
Decoding Human Risky Choices: Unveiling Dataset Bias in Decision-Making Models Using Machine Learning
The biggest bottleneck in large language models
5 ways QA will evaluate the impact of new generative AI testing tools
Help My Face Recognition Project
Nikon made an AI imaging camera that detects when cows are about to give birth
AI will affect 40% of jobs and probably worsen inequality, says IMF head
2024 Trends in Data Technologies: Foundation Models and Confidential Computing
Thomson Reuters is exploring an AI deal as more tech giants court news publishers
These 10 AI Tools Will Make You Batman!!
WEF Identifies AI-Spread Misinformation as Chief Global Risk
Tips to create a knowledge graph from documents using local models
Geopolitical tensions and AI dominate start of World Economic Forum
Outperforming competitors as a data-driven organization
6 Free Courses on Large Language Models
What Does Quantum Computing Hold for Generative AI?
OpenAI's GPT Store is being flooded by AI girlfriend bots despite explicit rules that prohibit them
This AI Paper from China Unveils 'Activation Beacon': A Groundbreaking AI Technique to Expand Context Understanding in Large Language Models
Python Playground: 16 ways   to get started
LIBRARIES
Microsoft unlocks Copilot AI inside Office apps for all businesses
Last Week in AI #253: Rabbit releases R1, AI outperforms doctors in diagnostic dialogue, OpenAI's GPT Store opens for business, SAG-AFTRA signs AI voiceover deal for video games
How to use Causal Inference when A/B testing is not available
Delving into the Sinister Aspects of Artificial Intelligence
Famous xkcd comic comes full circle with AI bird-identifying binoculars
Q&A: 'Killer robots' are coming, and UN is worried
The year of 'does this serve us' and the rejection of reification
[D] EACL 2024 Decisions
Need More AI in Your Life? Check Out ODSC's Ai X Podcast!
Gen-AI tools deliver unprecedented, near-perfect data accuracy
How to Flatten Nested Json Files Efficiently?
FedEx announces its own commerce platform for merchants
Reports China's military is using Baidu's AI lead to stock plunge
Microsoft Expands Office AI Copilot to Consumers, Smaller Companies
AI-powered biotech CellVoyant raises 7.6m to improve stem cell therapies
IMF: AI could boost growth but worsen inequality
Microsoft announces Copilot Pro, and makes it cheaper for small businesses start using AI
Spot Technologies, now with $2M, will see AI security tech go into Mexico Walmarts
OpenAI (Partially) Lifts Ban on Military Generative AI Projects
AI Predictions: What to Watch Out For in 2024 |  McKinsey quite rightly dubbed it 'AI's breakout year', citing a 40% increase in global investment
SQL Group By and Partition By Scenarios: When and How to Combine Data in Data Science
SQLite 3.45
Samsung and Hynix plan to spend more than $470 billion over the next two decades building 13 new chip plants and three research facilities on top of an existing 21 fabs. The chipmaking cluster is expected to be the largest in the world, capable of pr
Democratizing LLMs: 4-bit Quantization for Optimal LLM Inference
Using RabbitMQ Streams in Go
ChatGPT may be coming for our jobs. Here are the 10 roles that AI is most likely to replace.
Generative AI: Synthetic Data Generation with GANs using Pytorch
Microsoft unveils a slew of Copilot updates, including Copilot Pro. Here's what's new
AI and Climate Change Threaten Nearly Half the World's Businesses
CMU AI Researchers Unveil TOFU: A Groundbreaking Machine Learning Benchmark for Data Unlearning in Large Language Models
Guideline for Front End Web Developer
We and AI free online course  Living with AI  is back   tell your friends!
Young Staff Need to Be In the Office Because of AI, Says PwC's UK Boss
Meet MedGAN: A Deep Learning Model based on Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks and Graph Convolutional Networks for Novel Molecule Design
Microsoft's new Copilot Pro brings AI-powered Office features to the rest of us
[P] Reducing 2048 dimensions to 2000 dimensions for PGVector
Report: Black market keeps Nvidia chips flowing to China military, government
3 Advanced Document Retrieval Techniques To Improve RAG Systems
Say Goodbye to SQL Headaches with This Python Tool
How OpenAI is building its moat
OpenAI in Talks for Access to CNN, Fox Content Amid Copyright Issues
Artificial Intelligence In Games
Microsoft debuts Copilot Pro for $20/mo./user, offering access to the latest models and features, like custom Copilot GPTs and integration into Office products (Barry Schwartz/Search Engine Land)
The Rise of Vision Transformers
Unleashing the Power of AI in Your IDE: Amazon CodeWhisperer Streamlines Development and Supercharges Productivity
The Hard Truth about Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare: Clinical Effectiveness is Everything, not Flashy Tech
Breaking Down Quantum Computing: Implications for Data Science and AI
[D] Latent distributions of Diffusion model
Amazon has been listing products with the title, 'I'm sorry, I cannot fulfil this request as it goes against OpenAI use policy'
This AI Paper from Apple Unveils AlignInstruct: Pioneering Solutions for Unseen Languages and Low-Resource Challenges in Machine Translation
Chinese chipmakers turn to Japanese counterparts to bypass tightening export controls
91 percent of enterprise AI leaders believe generative AI can drive efficiency
FLaNK 15 Jan 2024
A New AI Paper from UC Berkeley Introduces Anim-400K: A Large-Scale Dataset for Automated End-To-End Dubbing of Video in Japanese and English
[P] Draw2Img: draw on canvas to instantly create amazing graphics & images
More than 40pc of jobs will be affected by AI, says IMF
OpenAI Will Roll Out New Tools to Thwart Election Misinformation
CodePal Review: Can I Instantly Generate Code with AI?
Zeroing in on the origins of bias in large language models
[D] Company invited me to become a speaker about an AI/ML topic on an engineering conference, but I lack experience
Which are the best real time pose estimators?
Microsoft launches a Pro plan for Copilot
Slashing Data Transfer Costs in AWS by 99%
[D] Relative positional embedding and what's the advantage over absolute positional encoding
Dimensionality reduction for NLP applications being forgotten..? [D]
Weekly Top Picks #58
Is Moving to a City with More Opportunity the Best Choice right now?
Rebooting the Warsaw R Community in 2024: Insights from Kamil Sijko's Journey and Future Aspirations
OpenAI shares its plans ahead of 2024 elections, including image provenance tools, not letting users make tools for impersonation or political campaigning, more (OpenAI)
Here's OpenAI's big plan to combat election misinformation
Five CES 2024 products I'd buy as soon they'd take my money
Microsoft prices new Copilots for individuals and small biz vastly higher than M365 alone
[D] What is your honest experience with reinforcement learning?
Time Series Prediction with Transformers
AI poisoning could turn open models into destructive  sleeper agents,  says Anthropic
Microsoft's Copilot Pro is a $20 monthly subscription for advanced AI features
Graph & Geometric ML in 2024: Where We Are and What's Next (Part I   Theory & Architectures)
AI Can Convincingly Mimic A Person's Handwriting Style, Researchers Say
Complexidade de Espao dos Algoritmos
Steering the Future: The Ethical Roadmap of Autonomous Vehicles
AI to hit 40% of jobs and worsen inequality, IMF says - BBC News
Elon Musk Wants Greater Control of Tesla Before Building Its AI
Elon Musk says he would rather build AI products outside of Tesla if he doesn't have ~25% voting control in the company; Musk currently owns 12%+ of Tesla (Edwin Chan/Bloomberg)
Meet Lightning Attention-2: The Groundbreaking Linear Attention Mechanism for Constant Speed and Fixed Memory Use
OpenAI lays out its misinformation strategy ahead of 2024 elections
Valence Labs Introduces LOWE: An LLM-Orchestrated Workflow Engine for Executing Complex Drug Discovery Workflows Using Natural Language
Enhancing Large Language Models' Reflection: Tackling Overconfidence and Randomness with Self-Contrast for Improved Stability and Accuracy
AI-Driven Platform Could Streamline Drug Development
OpenAI shares AI policies for elections in 2024
Stico - Ai Face Swap Sticker
Groningen-based QDI systems raises  5M to advance quantum dots technology in medical sector
Vodafone and Microsoft agree to a 10-year, $1.5B deal to develop AI, digital payments, IoT, and other businesses; Vodafone will use OpenAI for customer service (Thomas Seal/Bloomberg)
Graph & Geometric ML in 2024: Where We Are and What's Next (Part II   Applications)
OpenAI Tests Source Classifier Tool for DALL E-Generated Images
Walles.AI Unleashed: A Rollercoaster Ride of Emotion in Every Keystroke
Visualizing Routes on Interactive Maps with Python: Part 1
What is Vercel's AI tool, V0.dev and how do you use it?
Baidu Recoups Some Losses as Analysts See Selloff Overdone
[D] Training transforms on embeddings rather than tokens.
[Exclusive] Indian AI and Robotic Company Confirms Level 5 Autonomy
Letting algorithms guide our path to the next great invention
Vodafone, Microsoft Agree to 10-Year Deal Across AI, Payments
OpenAI to launch anti-disinformation tools for 2024 elections
Microsoft's everyday AI companion Copilot is here to help &ndash; if you're willing to pay
Saved model size 57MB but GPU usage 13GB
Microsoft Copilot Pro with GPT-4 Turbo launched for $20 per month
What to expect at Samsung Galaxy Unpacked 2024: S24 and more
4 Methods to Send Emails Using Node.js (w/ Codes - Nodemailer Module, Gmail API, Postmark API & SuprSend)
Vodafone Signs $1.5 billion Microsoft Deal to Unleash Generative AI
5 tips for surviving (and winning!) a Hackathon
Newbie JOB
[D] best advanced books of deep learning?
Team develops a new deepfake detector designed to be less biased
Maximizing AI's Impact with Master Data Management
Robust Scene Text Detection and Recognition: Implementation
Are Indian IT Companies Producing AI Coolies Instead of AI Engineers?
Team at Anthropic finds LLMs can be made to engage in deceptive behaviors
My greatest data science achievement...
Nvidia RTX 4070 Super review: a super performance bump for $599
Microsoft Opens Copilot for Microsoft 365 Up to Small and Medium Businesses
Researchers create artificial neural network for drones to optimize energy consumption
25 Percent of CEOs Plan to Replace Human Workers With AI This Year
Balancing Privacy and Performance: This Paper Introduces a Dual-Stage Deep Learning Framework for Privacy-Preserving Re-Identification
Trigent and John Snow Labs Unveil AI Accelerator (Trigent AXLR8 Labs)
AI for Web Devs: Your First API Request to OpenAI
Meta Launches MAGNeT, An Open-Source Text-to-Audio Model for On-the-Go Music Creation
Microsoft, Vodafone Strike $1.5 Billion AI, Cloud Deal
Windows 11 Paint has its own AI image generator tool - here's how to use it
How OpenAI plans to handle genAI election fears
Musk Demands Bigger Stake in Tesla as Price for A.I. Work
Stanford Researchers Introduce Clover: Closed-Loop Verifiable Code Generation that Checks Consistencies Among Code, Doc Strings and Annotations and Enforces Correctness in AI-Generated Code
Square Enix says it used AI art in upcoming Foamstars game
The Intersection of Geocoding and Art with Open Street Map and Networkx
The mobile regulatory landscape is changing at an inconvenient time for Apple
Elon Musk puts the brakes on AI development at Tesla until he gets more control
Scopus AI: Elsevier introduces generative AI search for research papers
OpenAI forms a Collective Alignment team to create a system for collecting and using input from the public in its training of models' behaviors (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
How To Get Started With Building AI in High-Risk Industries
Researchers studying Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo search results over a year: search engines are losing the cat and mouse game of SEO spam, likely boosted by AI (Jason Koebler/404 Media)
Google AI chatbot more empathetic than real doctors in test
Synopsys Strikes $35 Billion Deal to Buy Ansys
Investigating quantum computing and machine learning as effective tools in fluid dynamics
Here's what you need to know about preordering the Apple Vision Pro
Ten ways artificial intelligence will shape the next five years
Microsoft Launches Premium AI Copilot Service for Individuals
Elon Threatens to 'Build Products Outside of Tesla' Unless He Gets More Control of the Company
Scientists Train AI to Be Evil, Find They Can't Reverse It
MagicVideo-V2: ByteDance presents powerful AI model for video generation from text
Transhumanism: billionaires want to use tech to enhance our abilities   the outcomes could change what it means to be human
[R] Transformers are Multi-State RNNs
[D] Interesting occurrence about text detection of iPhones
ChatGPT Plus and Teams offer 32K versions of GPT-4 Turbo instead of the 128K version
Beyond the Mug re:Invent Cloud Computing 2.0
Wells Fargo Turns Data Overload Into Business Opportunities With Elastic Observability
Sam Altman's election gameplan shows he's desperate to avoid repeating Mark Zuckerberg's mistakes
'Smart glove' can boost hand mobility of stroke patients
How to Revolutionize Your Startup Success in 2024 with AI Co-pilot Tools
Alphabet CFO Cites Cancer Experience to Explain AI Optimism
Baidu denies any ties to reported Chinese military training on its GenAI chatbot
Gemini Ultra and ChatGPT 4:  A Side-by-Side Comparison
Microsoft extends Copilot access to individuals and SMBs
MeetGeek Review: Can AI Record & Transcribe My Meetings?
PriomptiPy - A python library to budget tokens and dynamically render prompts for LLMs
Meet Surya: A Multilingual Text Line Detection AI Model for Documents
SentenceTransformer: A Model For Computing Sentence Embedding
Last feature of ChunkDot
Hands-on Python Debugging using Visual Studio Code
Look into MediaPipe solutions with Python
Data Governance to Be a Renewed Focus in IT for Australian Organisations in 2024
Quoting Daniel Situnayake
[D] How do you deal with unreasonable request from an employer with unrealistic expectations of ML?
Ferret: Refer and Ground at Any Granularity
7 ways to use ChatGPT at work to make your job easier
OpenAI Is Working With US Military on Cybersecurity Tools
Specialized models, multimodal experimentation to drive GenAI mainstream
Discover the World of Computer Vision: Introducing MLM's Latest OpenCV Ebook
How do you feel confident at work when others are smarter?
OpenAI VP Anna Makanju says the company is developing tools with the US DOD on open-source software and held talks on ways to assist preventing veteran suicide (Bloomberg)
Accenture Announce $1 Bn Annual Investment in GenAI Training at Davos 2024
OpenAI announces team to build 'crowdsourced' governance ideas into its models
Retail Is Becoming a Battleground for Generative AI
OpenAI Teases Tool That Can Detect AI Images for This Election Year
LinkSquares furthers AI leadership announcing Generative AI Strategy
The Mirror in the Machine: Generative AI, Bias, and the Quest for Fairness
OpenAI struggles to keep virtual romance in check
Announcing The Continuous Automation Testing Services Providers, 2023 Landscape
Supervised Fine-Tuning (SFT) with Large Language Models
OpenAI CEO, Time Owner Benioff Disagree on AI's Use of Copyrighted Content
New Support for Dutch and Persian Released by NVIDIA NeMo ASR
On being listed in the court document as one of the artists whose work was used to train Midjourney, alongside 4,000 of my closest friends
Daniel Situnayake explains TinyML in a Hacker News comment
Robust Scene Text Detection and Recognition: Inference Optimization
Improving energy efficiency of Wi-Fi networks on drones using slime mold method and a neural network
New method for addressing the reliability challenges of neural networks in inverse imaging problems
Musk Wants More Control of Tesla to Fuel AI Plans
Singapore seeks expanded governance framework for generative AI
Computer scientists makes noisy data: Can it improve treatments in health care?
The AI phones are coming
How 'sleeper agent' AI assistants can sabotage your code without you realizing
How OpenAI plans to help protect elections from AI-generated mischief
OpenAI Doesn't Want to Train on New York Times Data After Lawsuit, Altman Says
AI Algorithms Can Be Converted Into 'Sleeper Cell' Backdoors, Anthropic Research Shows
A former OpenAI exec says AI could be the last technology humans ever invent
Google lays off  hundreds  more as ad division switches to AI-powered sales
JavaScript: Iterators and Generators (Part-1)
If the World Ends. What's the Likelihood You Witnessed It?
Pentagon using ChatGPT? Oh sure, for cyber-things and veterans, says OpenAI
Navigating the Complexity of Trustworthiness in LLMs: A Deep Dive into the TRUST LLM Framework
AI and Ethics: Navigating the Moral Landscape of Self-Driving Cars
OpenAI Board's Search for New Directors Includes a Rival
AI-Powered Development: Locofy.ai's Answer to the Global Tech Challenge
Meet PIXART-: The Next-Generation AI Framework in Text-to-Image Synthesis with Unparalleled Speed and Quality
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Vector Database & Text Embeddings
Fowl language: AI is learning to analyze chicken communications to help us understand what all the clucking's about
Microsoft offers Copilot AI subscription
Publish Python packages to PyPI with my python-lib cookiecutter template and GitHub Actions
This  supermaterial  created a transparent brain implant
How to Get Faster Responses With HTTP Streaming: AI For Web Devs
The Language of Maps: A Guide to Geospatial Data Formats and Coordinates
AI-powered surveillance of hospital operating rooms expands in Boston
Team develops AI technology for robot work that can be applied to manufacturing process
[D] Offline batch serving
The best AirPods of 2024
Neural Networks For Periodic Functions
AI's Craziest Year
how boy became fabuloussss
[D] Project Template/Steps for rolling out a Recommender Model in an organisation
Australia unveils a plan to mandate safeguards around the use of higher-risk AI, such as self-driving technology, potentially requiring auditing and labeling (Jake Evans/ABC)
This AI Paper from Harvard Explores the Frontiers of Privacy in AI: A Comprehensive Survey of Large Language Models' Privacy Challenges and Solutions
Meet CrewAI: An Artificial IntelligenceFramework for Orchestrating Role-Playing, Autonomous AI Agents
How is Causal Inference Different in Academia and Industry?
AI has a trust problem   meet the startups trying to fix it
Creating an Image Expand Gallery
Any info on when (if at all) Google's AMIE will be available to the general public?
[P] Small Latent Diffusion Transformer from scratch
[Exclusive] How BharatGPT Will Mark India on the Global AI Map
ooh ooh ah ah
Generative AI is just the latest innovation to put pressure on the copyright system but might be the one that brings the whole legal structure of copyright down (Louis Menand/New Yorker)
Thoughts on contract work?
Researchers describe a GPU memory vulnerability that allows attackers to exfiltrate data from some devices with Apple, Qualcomm, Intel, and other chips (Wired)
SCYTHE announces the expansion of its service offerings
Unmasking the Web's Tower of Babel: How Machine Translation Floods Low-Resource Languages with Low-Quality Content
Inside Pixxel's Spacecraft Manufacturing Facility
Pytorch Tabular Unveils New Update, Integrates DANet Model
Amnic Deploys GenAI across Code, Cloud and Kubernetes
Sam Altman and Bill Gates Weigh AI Risks in Big Election Year
Anthropic Shows that AI Systems Can Learn Deceptive Behavior Despite Safety Training
Sam Altman wants people to move on from the 'soap opera' that was his brief firing from OpenAI
HCLSoftware Prioritises Customer Benefits Over Gen AI Hype
Researchers Shanghai AI Lab and SenseTime Propose MM-Grounding-DINO: An Open and Comprehensive Pipeline for Unified Object Grounding and Detection
Cognizant to use Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service for Building Assistant for Employees
Microsoft Copilot Pro is All You Need
Australian creatives and publishers could be paid if their content used to train AI, Husic says
Australians are concerned about AI. Is the federal government doing enough to mitigate risks?
byteLAKE now available to deploy from the Sunlight application library
Adobe Makes Audio Editing Seamless with Premiere Pro Beta Release
Davos WEF: 25% of CEOs expect the deployment of generative AI to lead to headcount reductions of at least 5 percent this year
Cynozure announces its launch of AI Springboard
Relish announces One Conversational AI Procurement Assistant
Sakana AI raises $30 million for nature-inspired generative AI models
Pinecone Serverless
AI Audio Kit
Google to replace part of ad sales team with AI
[D] Collaborative platform to train your models?
OpenAI is as Good as its Next Model
Selector outperforms market, growth with marquee customer wins
Top 7 Hugging Face Spaces to Join
What is a Javascript Engine?
Learning DSA after 4 years of experience
China hates the new president of Taiwan &mdash; but its 'real nightmare scenario' is a Trump-Taiwan combo: analyst
New survey reveals growing adoption for AI in legal teams
Allchemy
Helloii
Stability AI Unveils Stable Code 3B, Enhances New Coding Capabilities
Four things to know about China's new AI rules in 2024
Apple Introduces AIM, New Autoregressive Pre-Trained Vision Models
TCDI & TackleAI to provide advanced AI solutions to clients
Meet Continue: An Open-Source Autopilot for VS Code and JetBrains
OpenAI creates team to inform AI models with public input
3 exceptional Android privacy power-ups
Vertice raises $25M for AI-based tools to help companies tackle software spend
Anthropic Building Feature for Chatbot Claude to Analyze Images
Top 5 Open-Source LLM Evaluation Frameworks in 2024
TL:DR
This AI Paper Unveils Key Methods to Refine Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback: Addressing Data and Algorithmic Challenges for Better Language Model Alignment
Capgemini, AWS Partners to Bring Enterprise-Wide Generative AI Integration
Australia evaluates compulsory guardrails to ensure safer AI
Google Gemini VS GPT-4
The Morning After: A closer look at Apple's Vision Pro
Leveraging Kubernetes for Cost-Efficient Analytics: Building on Cloud Platforms
OpenAI partners with US military on cybersecurity projects
Vay launches teledriving car service in Las Vegas
Researchers from ETH Zurich and Google Introduce InseRF: A Novel AI Method for Generative Object Insertion in the NeRF Reconstructions of 3D Scenes
Big tech firms recklessly pursuing profits from AI, says UN head
2024 will be a big year for AR/VR, but mainstream adoption will lag
Apple Inaugurates New Green Office in Bengaluru, Expanding Indian Footprint
The solution space of the spherical negative perceptron model is star-shaped, researchers find
BrainChip and MYWAI to deliver Next-Generation Edge AI solutions
Elon Musk issues ultimatum to Tesla: give me more shares or AI and robotics development stops
AI Leaders Contemplate a Big Election Year
Everyone's buzzing about AI &mdash; including plenty of people who clearly don't understand it
How to watch Samsung's Galaxy S24 event
Dev Retro 2023: Journey in review
Get started with Anaconda Python
Heard on the Street   1/17/2024
Before you buy a Windows 11 'AI PC' in 2024, read this
How Salesforce is Creating an Inclusive Workplace
Stability AI releases Stable Code 3B for enhanced coding assistance
Nikon AI Camera Detects When Cows Are About to Give Birth
How AI Is Revolutionizing The Marketing world
Ex-Twitter workers snapped up enormous hashtag signs and company art auctioned off by Elon Musk to decorate their homes
PowerInfer: Fast Large Language Model Serving with a Consumer-grade GPU
#NeurIPS2023 invited talk: Lora Aroyo on data quality and diversity
Building an Amazon Bedrock JIRA Agent with Source Code Knowledge Base - Part 2
What You Can Do with Vector Search
DeepMind's latest AI can solve geometry problems
Sam Altman Says Human-Tier AI Is Coming Soon
Chinese EV automaker BYD will spend $14 billion developing smart car features that rival Tesla
1 Click Download 160 Very Best Stable Diffusion 1.5 Based (SD 1.5) Models
Google DeepMind details AlphaGeometry, created by AI researcher Trieu Trinh and others to solve Olympiad geometry problems at nearly a human gold medalist level (Siobhan Roberts/New York Times)
AI Doing the Impossible By Turning Brainwaves into Speech
Foxconn Partners with HCL Group for Semiconductor Operations in India
AI Matches the Abilities of the Best Math Olympians
Global chip revenue dropped 11% YoY to $533B in 2023; Intel regained top spot with $48.7B, followed by Samsung's $39.9B; Nvidia was top five for the first time (Gartner)
Amazon brings its AI-powered image generator to Fire TV
Researchers from Columbia University Unveil Hierarchical Causal Models: Transforming the Analysis of Nested Data for Enhanced Causal Understanding
This solid budget robovac is more than half off
JFrog, AWS team up for machine learning in the cloud
Amazon's latest Fire TVs can now use AI to generate custom art backgrounds
AI versus SaaS, EV charging, and a new $250M fund
Amazon now lets US users create AI-generated backgrounds using Alexa prompts on the second-gen Fire TV Stick 4K Max and the Fire TV Omni QLED Series (Lauren Forristal/TechCrunch)
AI Deepfake Videos: How Laser-eyes are Battling AI Bitcoin Scams
Sam Altman Says AI Using Too Much Energy, Will Require Breakthrough Energy Source
Vicarius lands $30M for its AI-powered vulnerability detection tools
[D] Does the vocabulary size really affect the size of textual LLMs?
A new AI-based risk prediction system could help catch deadly pancreatic cancer cases earlier
[P] einx - Tensor Operations in Einstein-Inspired Notation for Python
LTIMindtree is Working with 140 Customers in Generative AI
A.I.'s Latest Challenge: the Math Olympics
Google DeepMind's new AI system can solve complex geometry problems
AI investment still at the planning stage through 2024, Gartner says
PartySmith - Bring PartyRock apps to your place
[D] Confidence * may be * all you need.
It's possible to find spirituality in technology, but beware those who misuse it for personal gain | Samantha Floreani
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says GPT-4 is just a preview of what's to come
How to Watch Samsung's Big Galaxy S24 Reveal at Unpacked
How Semantic Vector Search Transforms Customer Support Interactions
Using AI to develop a battery that uses less lithium
Adaption of Generative Methods for Anonymization will Revolutionize Data Sharing and Privacy
8 Tips for Smart City Data Governance
Behind OpenAI Meltdown, Valley Heavyweight Reid Hoffman Calmed Microsoft Nerves
Unite.AI Launches Premium .AI Domain Name Marketplace
This AI Paper from NVIDIA and UC San Diego Unveils a New Breakthrough in 3D GANs: Scaling Neural Volume Rendering for Finer Geometry and View-Consistent Images
How to Make Yourself More Layoff-Proof as a Data Scientist
How have LLMs come into your workflow as a data scientist?
DataStax GAs 'Data API' for GenAI Application Development
Unveiling the future of open-source generative AI: Insights from the Linux Foundation's 2023 survey
Julius AI Review: Can AI Visualize Complex Data in Seconds?
Courage to Learn ML: Explain Backpropagation from Mathematical Theory to Coding Practice
AI models that don't violate copyright are getting a new certification label
AlphaGeometry: An Olympiad-level AI system for geometry
The Most Simple Way to Set Up ChatGPT Locally
Chartpack: The mobile app economy Q1 2024
DeepMind AI solves hard geometry problems from mathematics olympiad
Asia-Pacific Data Centre Market to Face Brave New World of Artificial Intelligence
Comparing Performance of Big Data File Formats: A Practical Guide
LinkedIn's new AI feature helps people find jobs by grouping them into tailored categories
Volcano That Blasted Seawater into the Stratosphere May Have Damaged Ozone Layer
Google DeepMind Research Introduces AMIE (Articulate Medical Intelligence Explorer): A Large Language Model (LLM) Based Research AI System for Diagnostic Medical Reasoning and Conversations
Non-tech industries can offer job security to tech talent right now
Exploring data analysis via natural language   approach 1
Companies that use AI to replace workers will ultimately lose, Stanford University professor says
Articulate Medical Intelligence Explorer
Amazon eyes AI, autonomous vehicles and Asia as $1B industrial innovation fund evolves
Rabbit's New AI Device Uses Apps On Your Behalf to  Do Anything    But How Exactly Does It Work?
Elon Musk gives Tesla's board an ultimatum as he seeks to grab more power
AI Certification Program Verifies Systems Are 'Fairly Trained'
The Nonprofit Versus For-Profit OpenAI Powder Keg
[R] AlphaGeometry: An Olympiad-level AI system for geometry
DPO, Open-Source's New Weapon in the AI War
Nvidia surges while Samsung slides: Gartner highlights 2023 semiconductor movers and shakers
LiveRamp, which helps match up customer datasets for brands and advertisers, agrees to acquire marketing data startup Habu for ~$200M in cash and stock (Abigail Summerville/Reuters)
Tech Predictions for 2024 and Beyond
Microsoft AI discovers 18 new battery materials in two weeks
With LeftoverLocals, GPUs Can Leak LLM Prompt Data
Deepmind's AlphaGeometry solves complex math and is a  crucial step  toward AGI
AI pros are increasingly uneasy about the technology   survey
Crop Health Sensor Runs on Solar, Microbe Power
2024 GenAI Predictions: Part Deux
Google Deepmind introduces AlphaGeometry, an AI system that solves complex geometry problems at a level approaching a human Olympiad gold-medalist
Samsung Unveils Line of Generative AI Smartphones
Release: PyTorch Geometric Container for GNNs on NGC
A Flaw in Millions of Apple, AMD, and Qualcomm GPUs Could Expose AI Data
Researchers create framework for large-scale geospatial exploration
Amazon's new AI feature will write you a bedtime story about hard drives
Talking about Open Source LLMs on Oxide and Friends
Python 3.13.0 alpha 3 is now available.
Researchers from IST Austria and Neural Magic Unveil RoSA: A New AI Method for Efficient Language Model Fine-Tuning
Samsung just launched its Galaxy S24 phones backed by AI &mdash;&nbsp;here are the key new features and how to preorder
Everything Announced at Samsung Unpacked 2024, Including The Mysterious Galaxy Ring
This AI Paper from the University of Cambridge and UCL Unveils 'Blending': A Breakthrough in Efficiently Achieving ChatGPT-level Performance with Smaller Models
Sam Altman at Davos: AI Needs to Go Nuclear
Samsung's new Galaxy AI features are coming to the S23 and last year's foldables
Rising Concerns Over AI Hallucinations and Bias: Aporia's 2024 Report Highlights Urgent Need for Industry Standards
How Devs Can Use Postgres Extensions, Including for AI Apps
AI Writing Is a Race to the Bottom
How to use Photoshop's Generative Fill AI tool to easily transform your boring photos
Cyclone forecasting boosted by artificial intelligence offers earlier path tracking
Samsung's Galaxy S24 and AI event: all the news
Google announces AI updates for search and Gemini for Samsung's new S24
Planning to quit
OpenAI must defend ChatGPT fabrications after failing to defeat libel suit
Treasure Global and AIO Synergy collaborate to reshape AI landscape
[D] DPO Paper Potential Derivation Issue
These are the skills employers are looking for as AI use expands, according to leaders at Davos
OpenAI opens the door for military uses but maintains AI weapons ban
Open Source LLMs with Simon Willison
EA is finally launching Plants vs. Zombies 3
Forta announces $55 Million Series A
Android Auto will soon reflect design elements, like wallpaper and icons, of Samsung Galaxy phones, and offer AI chat summaries, relevant replies, and more (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Samsung Bets on Google-Powered AI Features in Smartphone Revamp
AlphaGeometry: An Olympiad-level AI system for geometry[D]
Samsung Seeks Double-Digit Sales Growth With New Flagship Phone
Streamlining Document Processing with AI: My Experience with AWS Texttract
AMD stock reaches almost unprecedented value thanks to AI chip demand
Hands-on with Galaxy S24 AI features: Circle to Search is accurate and convenient, Chat Assist can give hilarious suggestions, Live Translate was laggy, more (Cherlynn Low/Engadget)
Generative BI Will Make Your Business Decisions Data-Driven
YouTube Cuts 100 Employees as Tech Layoffs Continue
Stratospheric safety standards: How aviation could steer regulation of AI in health
Samsung Galaxy S24 vs. the competition: Familiar hardware, new AI chops
Where to preorder Samsung's new Galaxy S24, S24 Plus, and S24 Ultra
Android Auto is getting new AI-powered features, including suggested replies and actions
Samsung's latest Galaxy phones offer live translation over phone calls, texts
Google's Slow Burn: Project IDX's Half-Year Echo
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/16/2024
Samsung Unpacked 2024: Galaxy S24 Includes Google's Generative AI
Can Recraft's foundational model for graphic design swerve the AI controversy?
Apple's biggest new product since the iPhone, the Vision Pro, launches soon &mdash; here's how to order the 'spatial reality' headset
How to Tailor A Column Chart for Communication
This AI Research from China Introduces Infinite-LLM: An Efficient Service for Long Context LLM that Utilizes a Novel Distributed Attention Algorithm Called DistAttention and a Distributed KVCache Management Mechanism
Object Segmentation with FastSAM: An Innovative Demo Using Paperspace
Tech at Davos and Coinbase in Court | Bloomberg Technology
DiagnaMed announces pilot launch of CERVAI  Brain Health AI Solution
An AI Executive Turns AI Crusader to Stand Up for Artists
Simulating Railroads with OpenUSD
Guardforce AI appoints Yuting Zuo as Chief Financial Officer
Google's AMIE Marks A Significant Milestone Toward Conversational Diagnostic AI
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 08/01 to 14/01
This NIST Trustworthy and Responsible AI Report Develops a Taxonomy of Concepts and Defines Terminology in the Field of Adversarial Machine Learning (AML)
Internal memo: Sundar Pichai says Google will see more  role eliminations  in 2024, though not at the scale of 2023's reductions and not affecting every team (Alex Heath/The Verge)
What Annoys Subbarao?
Google CEO: Job Cuts Will Continue Through 2024
Study identifies new findings on implant positioning and stability during robotic-assisted knee revision surgery
Quoting Bryan Cantrill
Building an LLMOPs Pipeline
Meet FedTabDiff: An Innovative Federated Diffusion-based Generative AI Model Tailored for the High-Quality Synthesis of Mixed-Type Tabular Data
VS Code Extensions for Data Engineering - Part 1
Sundar Pichai warns Google staff more layoffs are coming
AI-Generated Misinformation Is a Top Concern for Leaders at Davos
Top 9 Graph Database Picks for 2024
Australia plans to regulate 'high-risk' AI. Here's how to do that successfully
Google CEO says more layoffs expected 'throughout the year' in internal memo
Bipartisan bills are being introduced across the US to fight AI deepfakes, especially non-consensual AI-generated porn and fake celebrity endorsements (Janus Rose/VICE)
[R] Scalable Pre-training of Large Autoregressive Image Models
Unlock Your Browser's Potential: 12 Must-Try Google Extensions and Extension Development Experiences
How to Use the Powerful New Assistants API for Data Analysis
Google CEO Sundar Pichai says the tech giant's staff must brace for more job cuts in 2024
Unlabel Releases Tower: A Multilingual 7B Parameter Large Language Model (LLM) Optimized for Translation-Related Tasks
What do you think is the most astonishing aspect of AI right now? For me, it's the opacity of AI
Goto resources for marketing data scientists
Join us Jan 22 for NYC Meetup #2! Learn to build copilots & classify airplanes with AI!
Deceptive LLMs, Model Poisoning, and Other Little Known Generative AI Security Risks
[D] Finetune all hyperparameters in one-go or divide them in categories ?
Could long form AI video content be made by transforming acting in 3d engine to photo quality realistic looking content frame by frame?
Google DeepMind's New AI Model Masters Olympiad-Level Geometry
Meta sent 27M+ reports, or 84% of the tips, of suspected CSAM to the NCMEC in 2022; some prosecutors say the volume of AI-generated tips delays investigations (Katie McQue/The Guardian)
Accenture to Open 10 AI Hubs Globally, Including One in London
Parallax Futures on visionary mission to redefine AI impact on society
7 Cool AR/VR Devices Announced at CES 2024
PitchBook: VC investment in the AI and machine learning companies totaled nearly $80B in 2023, accounting for 23% of deals, the largest of any sector (Financial Times)
Will AI take our jobs? That's what everyone is talking about at Davos right now
Hadoop&Spark is too heavy, esProc SPL is light
Japan literary laureate unashamed about using ChatGPT
A Review Paper on Personalized Medicine: The Promise of Machine Learning in Individualized Treatment Effect Estimation
Training VS Fine-Tuning time
Meet Jan: An Open-Source ChatGPT Alternative that Runs 100% Offline on Your Computer
Top 7 Apps Uploaded on Hugging Face Space
AWS Research on Specializing Large Language Models: Leveraging Self-Talk and Automated Evaluation Metrics for Enhanced Training
Draxlr AI
Fairly Trained, a nonprofit founded by ex-Stability AI VP Ed Newton-Rex, will give certification labels to AI companies that get consent for their training data (Ellen Huet/Bloomberg)
Google Circle to Search and AI-Powered Multi-Search Coming to Mobile
Have I Been Pwned adds ~71M email addresses of stolen accounts to its service from the Naz.API dataset, which allegedly contains 1B+ lines of stolen credentials (Lawrence Abrams/BleepingComputer)
QorusDocs released findings from its latest annual report
Locket
JFrog & AWS Collaborate to Expedite Secure Machine Learning
7 Must-Have Home Robots in 2024
Japanese Chip Gear Sales Seen Climbing 27% in Fiscal 2024 on AI
Massive data dump containing millions of passwords sparks security alert: Is your data safe?
The insideBIGDATA IMPACT 50 List for Q1 2024
GenAI set to replace these jobs, disrupt others   and worsen economic inequity
The 15 fastest-growing jobs in the US, according to LinkedIn
Meta Says its AI Tools Boost Ad Campaigns' Returns by 32%
StatCounter: Bing ended 2023 with 3.4% global search market share, up less than one percentage point after ChatGPT; Google had 91.6%, Yandex 1.6%, and Yahoo 1% (Jackie Davalos/Bloomberg)
Samsung 'Galaxy AI' was Not About Samsung
[D] Does this paper's partitioning cause data leakage?
Inside DeepL: How the startup is rivalling machine translation giants
Microsoft's Bing Market Share Barely Budged With ChatGPT Add-On
Samsung bets heavily on AI tricks to boost Galaxy S24 appeal
Labelling tool built on top of Meta's Segment Anything Model (SAM)
Whether your company considers using AI to replace workers could be a coin flip, CEO survey finds
Crowdsourced clustering via active querying
Top 7 Apps on Hugging Face Spaces
How AI Could Change Travel in 2024
Build a Serverless GenAI solution with Lambda, DynamoDB, LangChain and Amazon Bedrock
How to build an Anomaly Detector using BigQuery
OpenAI Coup Less Stressful Than Superintelligent AI, Altman Says
The Rabbit R1: all the latest news about this hare-raising AI gadget
Object Detection with BuildShip's Google Vision API Template
Award-winning author wrote  about 5 percent  of her book using ChatGPT
AI Act threatens to make facial surveillance commonplace in Europe
DeepMind's cofounder Mustafa Suleyman warns that AI is a 'fundamentally labor-replacing' tool
AI-generated child abuse reports delay investigations
Learn ChatGPT and Automation for Just $30
New certification will determine whether a generative AI system is Fairly Trained
Google CEO Sundar Pichai confirms more job cuts for 2024 as company invests in  big priorities
Can this AI Tool Predict Your Death? Maybe, But Don't Panic
Tensoic Releases Playground for Kannada Llama on NVIDIA A100s
Watch the Samsung Galaxy Unpacked 2024 event in under 10 minutes
EpicTopia AI
AI Hits the Campaign Trail
A simple technique to defend ChatGPT against jailbreak attacks
How Generative AI is Changing the Role of Data Scientists
Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff says AI can't be 'bad' like social media if it's going to be trusted
5 Free University Courses to Learn Data Science
[D] How did OpenAI increase context length of the GPT-4 iterations? Did they retrain GPT-4-1106 from scratch? Or was it a hackier mix of techniques like sparse attention, chunking, etc?
JFrog and AWS Accelerate secure Machine Learning Development
Elon Musk praises Javier Milei's World Economic Forum speech &mdash; and gets his Grok AI to make his annual dig at Davos
The Download: exascale computing, and AI takes on geometry
Sharly AI
Shocking amount  of low-quality machine translations on the web could affect LLMs
SWE01 shortlisted in 2 Categories at Sustainability in Tech Awards 2024
Inside FunSearch: Google DeepMind's LLM that Discovered New Math and Computer Science Algorithms
[R] Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning: A Comprehensive Survey
Effortlessly Generate Structured Information with Ollama, Zod, and ModelFusion
Charles Wright named CEO of Mechanized AI, a Leading AI Platform
Sumo Logic and Tracetest: AI-Driven Observability Meets Testing
DeepMind AlphaGeometry solves complex geometry problems
How to Level Up Your Data Visualization Skills in 2024
IP analysis platform PatSnap launches CoPilot, its new AI assistant
Google says Russian espionage crew behind new malware campaign
Researchers from the University of Wisconsin Madison Unveil 'SAMPLE': An Artificial Intelligence Platform for Fully Autonomous Protein Engineering
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #8
IBM to acquire application modernization assets from Advanced
Non-profit startup offers certifications for AI models that respect creators' rights
Novel frequency-adaptive methods enhance remote sensing image processing
Google DeepMind cofounder says AI can act like an entrepreneur and inventor in the next five years
TRIPS brings photorealistic 3D worlds one step closer in real time
Pearson vs Spearman Correlation: Find Harmony between the Variables
Galaxy AI features won't remain free by the end of 2025
6 tech trends at CES 2024 that are shaping the future
Generative (A)IaC in the IDE with Application Composer
Meta joins rivals in pursuit of human-level AI
What happened to Artifact?
[P] PyTorch 2 Internals
Quantum computing to spark 'cybersecurity Armageddon,' IBM says
Microsoft makes Reading Coach, its AI-powered tool that provides learners with personalized reading practice, available for free on the web (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
This Week's Most Read: Can AI Be Conscious?
How to Serve LLM Completions in Production
Google News: The Best Place to Find AI-Generated Ripoffs of Real Journalism
Insta360 Brings Its Clever AI Warp Effects Feature to More Action Cams
Microsoft's New Copilot Pro Offers AI in Office Apps and Priority Access
Computational photography can capture hand positions and gestures using only an ambient light sensor
Zuckerberg says Meta wants to build AGI and open source it, brings Meta's AI group FAIR closer to generative AI team; Meta will own 340K+ H100 GPUs by 2024 end (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Altman: OpenAI Ouster Less Stressful Than AI Development
Briq, a startup that uses AI to automate finances in construction, brings in $8M extension at a $150M valuation
I literally spoke with Nvidia's AI-powered video game NPCs
Amazon experiments with AI-powered shopping assistant to enhance customer experience
Generators in Python
Attackers Could Eavesdrop on AI Conversations on Apple, AMD, Imagination and Qualcomm GPUs
Vector Database 101: Resources and Events to Learn about Vector DBs in 2024
UC Irvine Students Hospitalized After Hackers Sent Disgusting Images to Their Discord Server
OpenAI Axes Ban on Military Contracts, Reveals Deal With Pentagon
Baseline model best practice
AI-Generated, Virtual Products Are Coming to a Podcast Near You
World leaders at the 2024 World Economic Forum fret over AI-powered misinformation and job displacement, following excitement about ChatGPT at the 2023 WEF (Cat Zakrzewski/Washington Post)
Microsoft prepping performance and memory guidelines for AI PCs
Generate Synthetic Data for Deep Object Pose Estimation Training with NVIDIA Isaac ROS
Your Google News feed is likely filled with AI-generated articles
OpenAI partners with Arizona State University to use ChatGPT in classrooms
Meta is working on Llama 3 and Artificial General Intelligence
Did all that AI chatbot hype boost Bing's market share? Oh, wait, never mind
Google DeepMind Breakthrough Is 'Milestone' Toward AGI
Google lays off 100 at YouTube; CEO says more layoffs are coming
TikTok can generate AI songs, but it probably shouldn't
How costly is it to obtain labeled data? [D]
Mark Zuckerberg is the latest billionaire who wants to create artificial general intelligence
Inside Meta's big AI reorg
First Week of My Python 60 Days of Coding Challenge: Solutions on GitHub
Cockroach Entices High-End Legacy Workloads with v23.2
With Microsoft's free AI tutor, students learn to read by choosing their own adventure
Bing Search shows few, if any, signs of market share increase from AI features
What are GPU Clusters? Components and Use Cases
Generative AI may reduce employee headcount by at least five percent in 2024, some CEOs say
Samsung Plans to Charge for Galaxy AI Features After Two Years
Microsoft makes its AI-powered reading tutor free
Are business leaders prepared for the AI transformation?
This Machine Learning Research from Stanford and Microsoft Advances the Understanding of Generalization in Diffusion Models
[R] Context-Aware Meta-Learning
Is this the going rate these days?
Zuckerberg's AGI remarks follow trend of downplaying AI dangers
Samsung may charge users for Galaxy S24 AI features after 2 years
Would you take a job if it were a new role so the data was all over the place?
The Rabbit R1 will receive live info from Perplexity's AI 'answer engine'
Microsoft's tool for AI reading lessons is now a standalone app
Enhancing Interaction between Language Models and Graph Databases via a Semantic Layer
Building, Evaluating and Tracking a Local Advanced RAG System | Mistral 7b + LlamaIndex + W&B
Game developer survey: 50% work at a studio already using generative AI tools
From Davos: Sam Altman on AGI, NYT Lawsuit and Getting Fired
AI's Deceptive Side: Anthropic Study Exposes Malicious Models
Leveling Up in Life Sciences: Unleashing the Power of Computational Biology with Wolfram Language
Pins, Monocles and Sunglasses: The Rise of AI-Focused Hardware
Neural Networks, LLMs, & GPTs Explained: AI for Web Devs
[R] How do you train your LLM's?
FDA approves AI-powered skin cancer-screening device that's just a teensy bit tricorder-ish
Taiwan's president-elect faces growing challenges with Taiwan's chip industry
Future-Ready Enterprises: The Crucial Role of Large Vision Models (LVMs)
This AI Paper from Meta AI and MIT Introduces In-Context Risk Minimization (ICRM): A Machine Learning Framework to Address Domain Generalization as Next-Token Prediction.
Does this entail data science too?
Anyone know of an ai that can write an entire 25 minute long sitcom pilot for me?
Perplexity Partners with Rabbit to Provide Real-time Knowledge Retrieval
Meet Puncc: An Open-Source Python Library for Predictive Uncertainty Quantification Using Conformal Prediction
Meet 'AboutMe': A New Dataset And AI Framework that Uses Self-Descriptions in Webpages to Document the Effects of English Pretraining Data Filters
Are there are any large organizations that are non-profit studying the inner workings of AI?
TSMC Outlook Drives $165 Billion Chip Rally in 2024 Rebound Bet
Andrew Ng Partners with Google Cloud for New Course on LLMOps
Exploring the Magic of AWS: Unleashing AI/ML Awesomeness for Top-Notch Solutions
DeepMind AI rivals the world's smartest high schoolers at geometry
Technion Researchers Revolutionize Machine Learning Personalization within Regulatory Limits through Represented Markov Decision Processes
This AI Paper from Meta AI and MIT Introduces In-Context Risk Minimization (ICRM): A Machine Learning Framework to Address Domain Generalization as Next-Token Prediction
AI for Web Devs: What Are Neural Networks, LLMs, & GPTs?
Reading and Writing Data with {arrow}
Meta to Buy 350k NVIDIA GPUs to Train AI Models Like Llama 3 for AGI
TikTok is testing AI Song, a tool powered by the LLM Bloom that generates songs from text prompts and allows users to toggle the song's genre (Emilia David/The Verge)
Map-Matching for Speed Prediction
Why We Can't Trust The Big Tech
[D] Is Strong A.I. actually a serious and real field being research, or just another hype people are promoting?
How SAP Joule is Quenching Enterprises' GenAI Thirst
Shopify's Approach to Leverage Recursive Embedding and Clustering to Enhanced Data Explainability
Forta, which combines AI and a training course for parents to offer personalized therapy for autistic children, raised a $55M Series A led by Insight Partners (Jessica Hagen/MobiHealthNews)
The Rabbit R1 will offer up-to-date answers powered by Perplexity's AI
Researchers from Allen Institute for AI and UNC-Chapel Hill Unveil Surprising Findings   Easy Data Training Outperforms Hard Data in Complex AI Tasks
Reprogramming the Future: How AI is Redefining Developers and Languages
Dubai-based online business travel service Tumodo raised a $35M pre-seed co-led by MENA-focused angel investors and plans to expand to 25 more countries by 2026 (Julian Nabil/Forbes Middle East)
Is My Job Normal, or Should I Find a New One? Would Love Insight.
Why education is the best defence in cybersecurity
Screenshot to Figma Design By AI: A New Chapter in Future Design
Top 7 Cool Products Built Using OpenAI API
[D] Transformer multi-head attention implementation
MIT's New AI Model Detects Early Signs of Pancreatic Cancer
Meta's new goal is to build artificial general intelligence and will have more than 600,000 H100 equivalents of compute by the end of this year
Google to invest $1 Billion in United Kingdom Data Centre
Credo AI announced partnership with Databricks
BeyondEdge joins the UEC
Article: Maximizing the Utility of Large Language Models (LLMs) through Prompting
Rabbit partners with Perplexity.ai for LLM search
GitLab appoints Sabrina Farmer as Chief Technology Officer
Beyond algorithms: Sandra Rodriguez hacks AI tools for art
R doParallel: A Brain-Friendly Introduction to Parallelism in R
Here is another FREE AI Webinar worth attending: 'Beginner's Guide to Vector Databases'
AI design startup shuns Stable Diffusion for in-house foundation model
What is Wrong with AI Text Detectors?
What is the most versatile regression method?
Presentation: Amazon DynamoDB Distributed Transactions at Scale
ASML, STMicro on Cusp of Chip Comeback: EMEA Earnings Week Ahead
South Korea's No.1 Search Engine Chose JuiceFS over Alluxio for AI Storage
Google is building a $1bn UK data centre to meet AI demand
Meet BharatGPT's GPU Buddy
Formic's new software makes everyone a robotic automation expert
Geek+ delivers Shelf-to-Person PopPick to office supplier company
AI Can Boost Service for Vulnerable Customers
Meta focuses research efforts on 'general intelligence' AI
NVIDIA Introduces ChatQA, GPT-4 Level Conversational QA Models
The generative AI future will not be free
ioignition
Enhancing Graph Data Embeddings with Machine Learning: The Deep Manifold Graph Auto-Encoder (DMVGAE/DMGAE) Approach
What is RAG? More accurate and reliable LLMs
[D] What is the current SOTA for bootstrapping models to work on niche tasks, in vision?
Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce GenCast: Diffusion-based Ensemble Forecasting AI Model for Medium-Range Weather
WizFairy
How satellite images and AI could help fight spatial apartheid in South Africa
Some video podcasts are using AI-generated product placements from a company called Rembrand to supplement their typical host-read ads (Ashley Carman/Bloomberg)
[D] How to extract event information from unstructured text?
Apple Takes a Humble Approach to Launching Its Newest Device
How common is overly strict access to data in your org. ?
[D] Facebook shuts down ParlAI, a framework for dialogue research
The A.I. Election, Bitcoin's Wall Street Debut and TikTok's Doodad Era
Predictive Analytics in Healthcare: Opportunities and Challenges
'Very scary': Mark Zuckerberg's pledge to build advanced AI alarms experts
Guest Post: How to Build the Right Team for Generative AI*
Arizona State students will get their own ChatGPT-powered tutors as OpenAI partners with the university
Vocus to roll out 1.6 Tb/s Technology with Ciena's WaveLogic 6
5 Must-Watch AI Conversations from World Economic Forum 2024
Google Looks Set to Add an AI Image Generator to Bard
AWS Fixes Data Exfiltration Attack Angle in Amazon Q for Business
DartPoints expands reach into AI Market collaborating with Virtuous AI
And An Open Source AI Giant Rises: Zuckerberg Targets AGI
Google Invests $1 Billion in UK Data Center to Power AI Workloads
Arizona State University enrolls ChatGPT to reinvent learning with AI in education
How to train your own Large Multimodal Model   with Hugo Laurenon & Leo Tronchon of HuggingFace M4
Researchers demonstrate scalability of graph neural networks on world's most powerful computing systems
Huge Proportion of Internet Is AI-Generated Slime, Researchers Find
Evaluating LLMs in Cypher Statement Generation
This Paper from LMU Munich Explores the Integration of Quantum Machine Learning and Variational Quantum Circuits to Augment the Efficacy of Diffusion-based Image Generation Models
Tackling Hallucination in Large Language Models: A Survey of Cutting-Edge Techniques
How AI threatens free speech, and what must be done about it
Decoupled style structure in Fourier domain method improves raw to sRGB mapping
Google says 404 Media's report claiming Google is  boosting  AI-written article is misleading since the writer sorted news content by date rather than relevance (Barry Schwartz/Search Engine Roundtable)
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman is still chasing billions to build AI chips
[R] Sources of Uncertainty in Machine Learning -- A Statisticians' View
Sports Illustrated Publisher Laying Off Entire Staff After AI Scandal
AI and Design: Pioneering a New Era in Strategic Marketing
AI Means Kids Should Learn Good Judgment, Not Code, Centerview Founder Says
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella does not seek further control over OpenAI
What a Novel About an AI Documenting the Last Human Says About Our Real Dystopia
Optimization with Surrogate Models via Symbolic Regression
Companies use AI to replace workers will ultimately lose,Stanford professor says
AI-driven method to automate the discovery of brand related features in product design
I Can't Help but Admire the Trash-Stealing Parrots of Australia
AI's Impact on Businesses in 2024 by Use Case
Excire Software Adds AI Text Search to Adobe Lightroom Classic
The other side of AI hype
Milvus in 2023: Open Source Vector Database Year in Review
[R] Mixture of Tokens: Efficient LLMs through Cross-Example Aggregation
Real case of Python Metaclass application
11:59 announced partnership with Digitate
Altman Seeks to Raise Billions for Network of AI Chip Factories
Big O   A Practical Approach
People think self-driving cars should be 'better' than human drivers, executive says
AI News Roundup: Google to Cut Staff Amid Shift to AI
Explorando a integrao entre Google Sheets e Python para automao de dados no sheets
Researchers from Universit de Montral and Princeton Tackle Memory and Credit Assignment in Reinforcement Learning: Transformers Enhance Memory but Face Long-term Credit Assignment Challenges
Citi in Talks With Analytics Startup to Expand Lending
Sources: the DOJ and FTC are in discussions over which agency can probe the Microsoft-OpenAI partnership and who can probe AI companies for scraping web content (Josh Sisco/Politico)
84.51 White Paper Sounds the Alarm on Shopper Research Methods
Nvidia lets developers test drive their ML platform for 90 days for free
Announcing the AssemblyAI Go SDK
Ioan Iacob, Founder & CEO at FLOWX.ai   Interview Series
ChatGPT goes to college: OpenAI finds its first higher education partner
How Single-View 3D Reconstruction Works?
AI Startup Cohere Reportedly Looking To Raise $500M To $1B
AMD says it removed the country of diffusion labels from all new CPUs and APUs, after criticism that it removed the  Diffused in Taiwan  labels to appease China (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
Japan's SLIM lunar lander made it to the moon, but it'll likely die within hours
Rabbit's r1 Personal AI Device (PAD): Exciting Technology With An Underwhelming Experience
[R] Brain-inspired learning in artificial neural networks: a review
How to use Image Creator from Microsoft Designer (formerly Bing Image Creator)
So I completed Replit's free 100 Days of Python course
Fate of Japan's History-Making 'Lunar Sniper' in Doubt After Power Malfunction
Mark Zuckerberg is sitting on a mountain of the hottest commodity in tech right now
Apple AI Research Introduces AIM: A Collection of Vision Models Pre-Trained with an Autoregressive Objective
Google DeepMind Scientists in Talks to Leave and Form AI Startup
Meta's Self-Rewarding LLMs are designed to overcome the limitations of human feedback.
Retouch4Me Adds Dust Remover and Color Match OFX for Video Tools To Its Plugin Lineup
The Download: gene-edited pig liver transplants, and AI to fight apartheid
TikTok is experimenting with a feature that uses AI to create songs based on prompts
Global tech spending expected to keep climbing on AI demand
Clues Say Generative AI's Future Will Be Revealed in 2024
Zuck's GPU flex will cost Meta as much as $18 billion by the end of 2024
Author Rie Kudan, winner of Japan's prestigious Akutagawa Prize, reveals that around 5% of her book  quoted verbatim the sentences generated by  ChatGPT (Dan Ladden-Hall/The Daily Beast)
Samsung's Galaxy S24 Can Remove Its Own AI Watermarks Meant to Show an Image Is Fake
[R] Self-Rewarding Language Models - Meta 2024
Lawyers are rapidly embracing AI: here's how to avoid an ethical disaster
Give me your worst
What the global elite are saying about AI behind closed doors
Samsung's fancy new Galaxy AI features might not be free forever
Exploring mergekit for Model Merge and AutoEval for Model Evaluation
OpenAI signs up its first higher education customer, Arizona State
Stephen Baker joined ActiveState as Chief Executive Officer
OpenAI, Microsoft's Partnership May Be Killed Off Before the Dawn of AGI
Musk's AI Startup Secures $500 Million Toward $1 Billion Funding Goal
Selkie founder defends use of AI in new dress collection amid backlash
Improving Data Quality in ClickHouse Databases with Soda
A Paperspace Demo on Style-Aligned Image Generation through Shared Attention
This AI Paper from Google Unveils the Intricacies of Self-Correction in Language Models: Exploring Logical Errors and the Efficacy of Backtracking
DeepMind Co-Founder: AI Is Fundamentally a  Labor Replacing Tool
The Data Mesh Registry   a Window into Your Data Mesh
Apple Vision Pro full specs revealed: 8-core CPU, 10-core GPU, 16GB of system memory, up to 1TB storage
Is Matplotlib Still the Best Python Library for Static Plots?
Navigating the Future
Microsoft AI Research Unveils DeepSpeed-FastGen: Elevating LLM Serving Efficiency with Innovative Dynamic SplitFuse Technique
You can use AI in Instagram to generate fun backgrounds for your stories. Here's how
How Health Systems Can Connect Clinicians to Data More Quickly
How to mass import YouTube videos into a Reddit subreddit [Python]
The First AI Medical Device That Can Detect All Major Skin Cancers Just Received FDA Approval
Sources: Elon Musk's xAI has secured $500M in commitments from investors toward a $1B goal and is aiming for a valuation of $15B to $20B (Bloomberg)
Microsoft launches Copilot Pro for  power users
The Marketing Reporting Gap
AB testing e-commerce
X is left with advertisers pushing dubious cryptocurrency and AI 'undressing' apps, users say after Musk's outburst
Pooling Layers For Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)
The Layers of Commoditization of Generative AI: Which Areas Would Accrue the Most Value?
AI-powered conversations could make gaming more immersive
NVIDIA RTX 4070 Super review: A 1,440p powerhouse for $599
What the fuck dude
AI Garbage Is Destroying Google Results
Short Circuitting Operator - JavaScript
Artists can now poison their AI foes with Nightshade
Exactly how easy/difficult is it to grant something AI capabilities? What does it do?
Top 6 Computer Vision Models Released in 2024
Unleash the Power of PyQt: Your Fun Guide to Mastering Python GUIs
How artists can poison their pics with deadly Nightshade to deter AI scrapers
Meet Vanna: An Open-Source Python RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) Framework for SQL Generation
Stanford study: Open source AI models pose no greater risks than closed models
I Tried Every Coding Path - Here's how I chose my first dev domain.
Dev News: Python AI Tool, a Copilot Alternative, and RSC News
Sam Altman Stumped When Asked What Humans Will Do Better Than AI
InstantX Team Unveils InstantID: A Groundbreaking AI Approach to Efficient, High-Fidelity Personalized Image Synthesis Using Just One Image
Quoting Tim Bray
Zuckerberg wants to build artificial general intelligence with 350K Nvidia H100 GPUs
Don't worry &mdash; the machines won't be as smart as humans for a long time, because they've still got a lot to learn
[Exclusive] Meet the AI Advisor of Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Bored With the Metaverse, Zuckerberg Spending Billions on AI Chips
Researchers from the National University of Singapore and Alibaba Propose InfoBatch: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework Aiming to Achieve Lossless Training Acceleration by Unbiased Dynamic Data Pruning
MIT Researchers Unveil InfoCORE: A Machine Learning Approach to Overcome Batch Effects in High-Throughput Drug Screening
Does AI give you the creeps? OpenAI has some startling news for you
TE2Rules: Explaining  Why did my model say that?
Codium AI Proposes AlphaCodium: A New Advanced Approach to Code Generation by LLMs Beating DeepMind's AlphaCode
A Weekend AI Project: Running Speech Recognition and a LLaMA-2 GPT on a Raspberry Pi
New OneStream Research Finds 80% of Financial Decision-Makers Believe AI Will Increase Productivity
Flush AI
Generative AI News Rundown - Meta's GPU Hoard, ByteDance Models, Deceptive LLMs, Copilot, Google, 1X, and More
The Real Reason behind Big Tech's Recent Mass Layoffs
Evaluating Cinematic Dialogue   Which syntactic and semantic features are predictive of genre?
Stability AI releases Stable LM 2 1.6B, which the company says outperforms other small AI language models on most benchmarks, including Microsoft's Phi-2 (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
AI Writer - Custom GPT
AI Now Helps You Quit Smoking
[P] [D] Starting the Training Journey: An Open-Source RLHF Full-Scale Training Framework for Building 70B+ Models Based on Ray and vLLM
Microsoft and OpenAI draw antitrust scrutiny as US regulators decide who will investigate
Global Elites Suddenly Starting to Fear AI
DSF calls for applicants for a Django Fellow
Pause for Performance: The Guide to Using Early Stopping in ML and DL Model Training
The Maturation of GPT-4 Mapping: Handling Complex GIS Data Queries
AI Playground you can run from your laptop
University of Chicago researchers finally release to public Nightshade, a tool that is intended to  poison  pictures in order to ruin generative models trained on them
How urban planners in Barcelona and others are using supercomputers and AI to create digital twins of their cities to address issues like traffic congestion (Joy Lo Dico/Financial Times)
OpenAI's Sam Altman seeks billions to create a global AI chip factory network
5 Open-Source GPT Wrappers to Boost Your AI Experience
The Samsung Galaxy S24 Bets Big on AI, Apple Watch Ban Saga, and More
Stability AI unveils smaller, more efficient 1.6B language model as part of ongoing innovation
Data ethics course suggestions
[D] Question about gradient descent in Machine Learning vs Local Maxima and Minima
[R] Imposter syndrom or is it?
[D] Lesser known Research Areas ML
How AI has been helping criminals who use deepfakes and voice cloning for financial scams, forcing banks and fintechs to invest in AI to counter fraud (Siddharth Venkataramakrishnan/Financial ...)
Self-Checkout on the Outs, Google Search Kind of Sucks, and More
This Week in AI: OpenAI finds a partner in higher ed
DPD is the  worst delivery firm in the world  according to DPD's service chatbot
French lawmakers push to update EU copyright rules for the age of generative AI
Parcel delivery firm faces PR nightmare after AI-powered chatbot cusses and mocks the company
Use Pinecone Vector DB For Querying Custom Documents
DPD AI chatbot swears, calls itself 'useless' and criticises delivery firm
I made a Character Asset Creator (ComfyUI backend)
The Morning After: Apple's Vision Pro is almost here and Samsung's AI gambit
[R] The Manga Whisperer: Automatically Generating Transcriptions for Comics
Grand Theft Auto Voice Actor Furious at AI That Copied His Voice
Zuckerberg and Meta set to purchase 350,000 Nvidia H100 GPUs by the end of 2024
Rate my PC Build for Deep Learning Projects
Flow engineering  doubles code generation accuracy (19% vs 44%)
Can We Optimize AI for Information Retrieval with Less Compute? This AI Paper Introduces InRanker: a Groundbreaking Approach to Distilling Large Neural Rankers
Faiss: A Machine Learning Library Dedicated to Vector Similarity Search, a Core Functionality of Vector Databases
[R] Code Generation with AlphaCodium: From Prompt Engineering to Flow Engineering (Proposed method raises accuracy from 19% to 44% on benchmarks)
LLM Researcher and Scientist Roadmap: A Guide to Mastering Large Language Models Research
LLMs May Learn Deceptive Behavior and Act as Persistent Sleeper Agents
VIRTUAL LOVE AI girlfriend earns $30,000 a month from 'lonely men' and received '20 marriage proposals' despite not being real
This AI Paper from Germany Proposes ValUES: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Systematic Validation of Uncertainty Estimation in Semantic Segmentation
Do not Vertical Scale a GPU Instance
My boy slipped up
Beyond Virtual Assistants: How Amazon Q is Reshaping Work with Generative AI
ChatGPT Goes to College -- ASU Embraces Generative AI But Won't Pay $100M
Parameter-Efficient Sparsity Crafting (PESC): A Novel AI Approach to Transition Dense Models to Sparse Models Using a Mixture-of-Experts (Moe) Architecture
[R] Reinforcement Learning
A Guide to Data Engineering Infrastructure
Generating Images with Stable Diffusion and OnnxStream on the Raspberry Pi
Building Blocks of Time: The Mathematical Foundation and Python Implementation of RNNs
To Data or Not to Data.
How To Deploy A Flask App On Digitalocean
How To Clone Yourself With A Custom GPT (And Zero Coding!)
Evaluating Text Generation in Large Language Models
Can the power of artificial intelligence be harnessed help to predict Australia's weather?
Anyone know where to get ahold of supply chain related datasets?
[R] Vision Mamba: Efficient Visual Representation Learning with Bidirectional State Space Model
Deploying LLMs locally with Apple's MLX framework
The two faces of AI
Stability AI Releases Stable Code 3B: A 3 Billion Parameter Large Language Model (LLM) that Allows Accurate and Responsive Code Completion
Test Yourself: Which Faces Were Made by A.I.? (Gift Article)
Microsoft CEO Contradicts His Chief Economist About Waiting to Address Unintended Consequences of New Technologies: WEF in Davos
I Ran Frigate on a Raspberry Pi 5 (ft. Coral Edge TPU)
[R] Self-Rewarding Language Models
10 must-see technologies from CES 2024
The future of frontend development
Assessing Natural Language Generation (NLG) in the Age of Large Language Models: A Comprehensive Survey and Taxonomy
Elon Musk's AI startup, xAI, has reportedly raised $500 million and is aiming for $1 billion
A look at Nvidia and Convai's AI-powered video game NPCs, which are effectively generative AI chatbots that interact with the players (Sean Hollister/The Verge)
Harnessing Semantic Kernel for LLM Integration
Generative AI and how to regulate it dominated the discussions at the 2024 World Economic Forum; the UN Secretary-General said AI poses risks to societies (Juliette Perreard/Nikkei Asia)
Fireworks AI Introduces FireAttention: A Custom CUDA Kernel Optimized for Multi-Query Attention Models
Association Creator Method
GPT-4 successor reportedly a  major upgrade  - OpenAI's Altman in talks with TSMC for AI chips
Artists can now poison their images to deter misuse by AI
Face recognition technology follows a long analog history of surveillance and control based on physical features
Update: Tackling a large volume of simple problems in an Open Source project
Evaluation metrics for any kind of LLM app (RAG, chat, summarization)
5 Passive Income Ideas For Data Scientists
Stakeholder taking over project
[D] Where to find new or inspiring ML projects or approaches to learn from? Not necessarily cutting-edge ML
Making a text art and SVG circle picker design tool in 34 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS!)
The missing link of the AI safety conversation
Let's team up and create an app to detect fermentation issues in style!
Nature's New Breakthrough: Control Human Language Network via Large Language Model
EASYTOOL: An Artificial Intelligence Framework Transforming Diverse and Lengthy Tool Documentation into a Unified and Concise Tool Instruction for Easier Tool Usage
Python Finding Out Football Result?
[R] Are Emergent Abilities in Large Language Models just In-Context Learning?
Researchers Make Breakthrough in Artificial Muscle Technology
Why LLama2 Pro 8B Is So Much Better Than LLama2 8b And Mistral 7B   Here is The Result
[R] A generative model of memory construction and consolidation
Using Codeium in VS Code
Nightshade, a free tool letting artists  poison  AI models that attempt to train on their artwork without permission, is now available to download on Mac and PC (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
NYT Flash-based visualizations work again
thinking of pivoting from Data Scientist to a Business/System Analyst - Project Manager role. What do you think? [EUROPE]
From Algorithms to Impact: How to Communicate Data Science Results Across Audiences
GARField: Group Anything with Radiance Fields
Paying the price for being competent at my job
AI Lawyer 2.0
[P] PriomptiPy - A python library to budget tokens and dynamically render prompts for LLMs
A September 2023 survey of 3,000+ game developers: 84% were somewhat or very concerned about the ethics of using generative AI and 35% were impacted by layoffs (Ash Parrish/The Verge)
Manga TV
'We need to come together': British artists team up to fight AI image-generating software
Call for action on deepfakes as fears grow among MPs over election threat
How do you get  really good  ?
Google aims to deliver  world's most advanced AI  in 2024, and it certainly has a long way to go
Ant Colony Optimization   Intuition, Code & Visualization
Custom Loss function that include partial derivatives
[R] Large Action models
Forget ChatGPT, this AI roulette will have you clicking for hours on end
How ReLU Enables Neural Networks to Approximate Continuous Nonlinear Functions?
Is there a better algorithm for object identification in real-time other than YOLOv8
Change job from data scientist to statistician
Meta Eyes AGI with Llama 3
Globalisation, though not dead, is fading: 'glocalisation' is becoming the new mantra | Larry Elliott
Weeknotes: datasette-test, datasette-build, PSF board retreat
The Secrets of Python  Secrets
Customer profiling with Artificial Intelligence: Building Grocery Coupons from Everyday Lists using.
Understanding Sample Sizes: Let them do the heavy lifting.
Your AI Code Reviewer in CLI
AI must radically redesign work before it can make employees more productive, expert says
OpenAI bans Dean Phillips chatbot, but you can chat with Donald Trump in OpenAI's GPT store
OpenAI bans the developer of a chatbot mimicking presidential hopeful Dean Phillips, the company's first action against use of its tech in political campaigns (Elizabeth Dwoskin/Washington Post)
Are there any YouTube channels that implements DL papers? Or any hands on DL YouTube channels.
My Streamlit Love-Affair: Laser-Like GPT-4 Prompting For Interactive Data Visuals
Data Machina #237
5 exciting Galaxy AI features that make Samsung's S24 phones worth the upgrade
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/20/2024
[Discussion] Re-using state from LLM's / next-token predictors as an optimization
Angular 17 Tutorial for Beginners
Researchers from the University of Washington and Allen Institute for AI Present Proxy-Tuning: An Efficient Alternative to Finetuning Large Language Models
Top 5 Beginner-Friendly Open Source Libraries for RAG
Customer service chatbot gets foul-mouthed and calls its own company  useless
This AI Paper from China Introduces a Groundbreaking Approach to Enhance Information Retrieval with Large Language Models Using the INTERS Dataset
WHO publishes new guidelines for multimodal AI models in medicine
Apple's Testy Developer Relationships Threaten to Hamper Vision Pro
Is medium subscription worth it? Any alternatives?
Delivery Firm's AI Chatbot Goes Rogue, Curses at Customer and Criticizes Company
How to Low-Pass Filter in Google BigQuery
Group Linked to Sam Altman Launches AI to Defeat Joe Biden
PyTorch / Jupyter notebook: ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'torch'
The Model Solving Geometry Problems at the Level of a Math Olympiad Gold Medalist
[D] Are there any hands on/practical ML YouTube channels?
Breaking down Logistic Regression to its basics
Is Microsoft's AI Copilot the Future of Work?
Multimodal AI Chatbot Recommendation?
UCLA Researchers Introduce Group Preference Optimization (GPO): A Machine Learning-based Alignment Framework that Steers Language Models to Preferences of Individual Groups in a Few-Shot Manner
ByteDance AI Research Unveils Reinforced Fine-Tuning (ReFT) Method to Enhance the Generalizability of Learning LLMs for Reasoning with Math Problem Solving as an Example
Comparison of Stable Diffusion XL (SDXL) 0.9 vs 1.0 For DreamBooth Training - Surprising Results
[P] I want to create a Large Vision Model (LVM) for Robotics
Can LLMs Revolutionize Recommendations?
[D] What is state-of-the-art in object detection?
Decoding the Impact of Feedback Protocols on Large Language Model Alignment: Insights from Ratings vs. Rankings
Disney Unveils HoloTile, the World's First Omnidirectional, Multi-User Treadmill
AI chatbots are trying to join the race for president
Architects are incorporating DALL-E, Midjourney, and other generative AI tools for complex design work, threatening the industry of professional illustrators (Edwin Heathcote/Financial Times)
Making Web Component properties behave closer to the platform
Google DeepMind Introduces AlphaGeometry: An Olympiad-Level Artificial Intelligence System for Geometry
Nvidia CEO Makes First China Tour in Years as US Curbs Roil AI
Spelling Correction using Hugging Face Transformers
How Generative AI is Gobbling Up the Internet
This AI Paper from Johns Hopkins and Microsoft Revolutionizes Machine Translation with ALMA-R: A Smaller Sized LLM Model Outperforming GPT-4
[D] What's the secret to getting set up with an Apple Silicon chip
OpenAI suspends developer over ChatGPT bot that impersonated a presidential candidate
Apollo Launches India's First AI-Precision Oncology Hub in Bengaluru
Energy breakthrough needed to build AGI, says OpenAI boss Altman
Emphasis on applying for new job....or upskilling? Which would you emphasize? (Lengthy)
The State of Washington Embraces AI for Public Schools
HOME//
ML + XAI -> Strong GLM
Tips and Ideas for ViewComponent with Tailwind CSS and Hotwire
Mastering CSS Custom Properties: The Senior Developer's Approach to CSS Custom Properties.
NSDC Partners with Bhashini to Translate Skilling Content into Vernacular Languages
LWiAI Podcast #151 - Copilot Pro, LLama.cpp, conversational diagnostic AI, secret AI diplomacy
Introduccin a los Data Lakes
[R] VMamba: Visual State Space Model
Calculating the Cost of Generative AI
Data Science Landscape
Why are we creating A.I?
Voice AI startup ElevenLabs lands $80m from a16z and Sequoia   and becomes a unicorn
Voice cloning startup ElevenLabs lands $80M, achieves unicorn status
Meta is going all in on artificial general intelligence, says Zuckerberg. Here's why it matters
How Xylem AI is Helping Build LLMs in India
Happyml
AI Voice-Cloning Startup ElevenLabs Valued at $1.1 Billion
Segment anything in medical images
Auro, Daily Journaling
A Guide to Better Code Organization in React through File Separation
Introducing Python Classes and Dataclasses
Nvidia Alum Snags Funding for Startup That Fixes Broken AI
AI Customer Service Bot Disabled After Trashing Company Using It
Article: Generative AI and Organizational Resilience
Data Science for Cybersecurity
Researchers from CMU, Bosch, and Google Unite to Transform AI Security: Simplifying Adversarial Robustness in a Groundbreaking Achievement
Bayesian Optimization
New Hampshire voters receive AI-generated Biden robocalls urging them to skip the primary
Digital Realty announces the expansion of ServiceFabric
ATU heats up renewables research with new  1.9m biomass centre
This AI Paper from Meta and NYU Introduces Self-Rewarding Language Models that are Capable of Self-Alignment via Judging and Training on their Own Generations
Ringfence CEO Whitney Gibbs On Copyright Infringement And Compensation For AI and Web3 Creators
In data: What European executives really think about GenAI
Unlearning Copyrighted Data From a Trained LLM   Is It Possible?
Top 6 Generative AI Trends to Look for in 2024
Chinese Startup 01.AI Is Winning the Open Source AI Race
Gift Note Writer
It's 2021 for AI while the rest of the startup market is stuck in 2024
Davos report says entry-level employees are naive about AI replacing them - 64% believe their jobs are safe despite experts saying they are high-risk
Presentation: The Rise of the Serverless Data Architectures
Nvidia releases RTX Remix in open beta, letting modders remaster classic games with AI-powered texture tools, ray tracing, and Nvidia DLSS 3 (Emma Roth/The Verge)
AI learns to simulate how trees grow and shape in response to their environments
Clustering unveiled: The Intersection of Data Mining, Unsupervised Learning, and Machine Learning
Forthcoming machine learning and AI seminars: January 2024 edition
[P] State Space Models: A Modern Approach By Kevin Murphy, Scott Linderman, et al. (Did not finish)
Java News Roundup: JDK 22 in Rampdown Phase Two, JEPs for JDK 23, Jakarta EE 11, GraalVM
Deploying and Using the Rerank Model
New Hampshire Officials to Investigate A.I. Robocalls Mimicking Biden
Dealight
Precarious conditions of AI 'ghost workers' revealed by Google termination of Appen contract, union says
Enhancing Python GUIs with Augmented Markdown
[D] What AI/ML open-source tool would you love to see?
IS YOLO V8 the fastest and the most accurate algorithm for real time ?
Prompt Engineering Best Practices for Instruction-Tuned LLM [Part 1]
PacketFabric names Wes Jensen as Chief Technology Officer
Tamil Llama Creator Unveils Malayalam and Telugu Llamas
Thoughts on when to use  fancy models  for time series?
UK government says AI-reproduced copyrighted works violate law without license or exception
Is there any way to have AI edit my voice recordings for me?
Open source vector database startup Qdrant raises $28M
CMU Research Introduces CoVO-MPC (Covariance-Optimal MPC): A Novel Sampling-based MPC Algorithm that Optimizes the Convergence Rate
[D] why is work done as a graduate student or postdoc undervalued on a resume
It's a good time to invest in early-stage edtech, investors say
A Beginner's Guide to Creating Augmented Reality (AR)
Oracle's OCI Generative AI service now available
Top 5 JavaScript Tools for AI Engineering
Oracle's Generative AI Madness Begins
Edge 363: Inside Google's Reasoning+Acting Method
Hybrid machine learning method boosts resolution of electrical impedance tomography
Ex-Nvidia & Ola Exec Launches RagaAI for testing and fixing AI
The Morning After: Alphabet cuts jobs at its moonshot labs
Restarting Your Career: How Data Science Can Be Your Path to Success After a Layoff
Relativity announces its Third Annual AI Visionaries List
Social networks' reduction in moderation, like a hands off approach to 2020 election lies and shuttering election integrity teams, is risky as AI content booms (Anna Edgerton/Bloomberg)
AI still far more expensive than humans in most jobs: MIT study
Delayed Approval of AI-Medical Devices Hampers Innovation
Linguist Emily M. Bender Has a Word or Two About AI
Faulty machine translations litter the web
Using AI to revolutionise water management
Majority of Jobs Still Beyond AI Replacement: MIT Report
BharatGPT on the Path to Becoming Meta of Indic LLMs
Bosses, here's how to get your employees using AI
Real-World Use Cases: Success Stories of Companies Implementing Walles.AI
Musk's Grok Maker Aims for $15 Billion Valuation
Visual AI may change the job market slower than expected because it's too expensive
Regulators probe Microsoft's OpenAI ties   is it only smoke, or is there fire?
Tesla Transitions to Full Autopilot
Volapyk
Pentagon says it created more hoops to jump through on AI weapons to calm fears it was 'building killer robots in the basement'
2024   the Year Ahead in AI
Tips and Tricks to Organize Jupyter Notebook Visualizations
A16z co-leads $80m round into AI voice generator ElevenLabs
Why hasn't anybody put it all together yet
Shutterstock and United Nations Launch 'AI For Good' Image Contest
The CEO adopting AI to build a DNA-based health care system
CRN recognizes Flexential as a Cloud 100 Company for 2024
Rajeev Chandrasekhar Inaugurates Synopsys' Chip Design Centre in Noida
AI Prompt Engineers are Making $300k/y
Altman's Chip Venture and Sony Scraps Zee Deal | Bloomberg Technology
AI just made Frontend Development OBSOLETE!
AI Tools for Video Ads: 3 Hands-On Techniques
Nvidia's RTX Remix game remastering tool is out in an open beta
Innovations in AI: Walles.AI's Approach to Enhancing Online Communication
Berlin-based Qdrant, which makes open source vector database of the same name, raised a $28M Series A led by Spark Capital, after raising $7.5M in April 2023 (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
Hacking the hamburger: How a pentester exposed holes in hundreds of fast-food chains
BharatGPT Aims to Become Meta of Indic LLMs
Why does AI being good at math matter?
RLAIF: Reinforcement Learning from AI Feedback
AI voice-cloning is supercharging the scamming of parents. But I've got a foolproof solution | Zoe Williams
Sam Altman wants to solve the great AI chip shortage himself
Data Science Hiring Process at ServiceNow
AI is too expensive to steal some jobs &mdash; for now, MIT study finds
Building a YoutubeGPT with LangChain, Gradio, and Vector Database
Inside AlphaGeometry: Google DeepMind's New Model that Solves Geometry Problems Like a Math.
Mistral AI's Open-Source Mixtral 8x7B Outperforms GPT-3.5
Blueshift, a marketing automation startup, raises $40M in debt
Hands on : PySpark + Kafka Streaming + OpenAI
Detect Credit Card Fraud in just Few Minutes
Former Xerox Ventures execs launch first fund under Myriad Venture Partners
[N] PRILoRA: Pruned and Rank-Increasing Low-Rank Adaptation
Unleashing the Power of GPT-3 to Elevate Amazon Assistance
AI Startup Fusemachines Strikes SPAC Deal to List on Nasdaq
Guardrails for ML and DL Models: A Deep Dive into Regularization Techniques
Tech developers must respect equitable AI access
Lukewarm reception for Microsoft's Copilot Pro amid performance, cost grumbles
Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 Ti Super Review
Navigate the GenAI era with this startup map
Nvidia RTX 4070 Ti Super review: not very super
[N] Learning theorists of ICLR2024, I feel you!
AI Program Finds Thousands of Possible Psychedelics. Will They Lead to New Drugs?
Qdrant raises $28M to Advance Massive-Scale AI Applications
Digital inspection portal uses AI and machine vision to examine moving trains
Microsoft and others are making new tools to help small businesses capitalize on AI
Knowledge Series #21: What is serverless?
OpenText Aviator reimagines work with AI
The most in-demand tech skills and trends for 2024
Unlocking the Power of HTML's Native Browser Dialog Element
OnePlus 12 review: refreshingly basic
Rep. Ro Khanna on what it will take for Congress to regulate AI, privacy, and social media
Harnessing WebGPU for Next-Gen AI Applications: Insights and Implications
Nvidia RTX 40 series laptop GPUs are being repurposed as desktop graphics cards in China
Top 16 Technical Data Sources for Advanced Data Science Projects
What's Driving AI Costs Down and What's Driving Them Back Up
Andreessen Horowitz's Connie Chan to Leave as Consumer Focus Shifts to AI
Alibaba Gains on Report Ma, Tsai Buy $200 Million in Stock
Top 6 benefits of integrating LLMs for Conversation Intelligence platforms
Navigating algorithmic bias amid rapid AI development in Southeast Asia
Will AI take your job? Probably not   human workers are cheaper.
Google Engineer Skewers Company's  Glassy-Eyed  Leadership for AI Pivot With No Actual Vision
[N] Meta open-sourced a wav2vec2 model pre-trained on 4.5M hours
I put together a python function that allows you to print a histogram as text, this allows for quick diagnostics or putting the histogram directly in a text block in a notebook. Hope y'all find this useful, some examples in the comments.
Understanding the Essence of Metrics in Machine Learning: Measuring the Success of Algorithms
Surprisingly, scientists decline to move the Doomsday Clock closer to midnight
From space to car infotainment, a European AI project seeks new advances at the edge
194 Stories To Learn About Future Of Work
Vroom hits the brakes on its online used car business to go full throttle on auto financing and AI
Announcing NVIDIA Metropolis Microservices for Jetson for Rapid Edge AI Development
Researchers from UCLA, University of Washington, and Microsoft Introduce MathVista: Evaluating Math Reasoning in Visual Contexts with GPT-4v, BARD, and Other Large Multimodal Models
LangGraph: Multi-Agent Workflows
Google announces AI features for Google Chrome on Mac and Windows:  Help Me Write  coming next month,  Organize Similar Tabs , and AI-generated custom themes (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
7 Steps to Landing Your First Data Science Job
The Open Source Sustainability Crisis
Death In The Himalayas
Your Guide to Starting With RAG for LLM-Powered Applications
Nvidia's RTX Remix breathes new life into classic games with AI-powered graphics makeovers
Beyond the machines: AI sentiment on the ground
AI startups' margin profile could ding their long-term worth
Numpy's random choice in Go
Apple Dials Back Car's Self-Driving Features and Delays Launch to 2028
Review of the $800 OnePlus 12, launching on February 6: its specs rival the $1,300 S24 Ultra's, but it lacks AI features and the curved display feels dated (Ben Sin/XDA Developers)
Bringing Generative AI to the Edge with NVIDIA Metropolis Microservices for Jetson
Simplifying Network Operations for AI with NVIDIA Quantum InfiniBand and NVIDIA UFM
Xperi Holder Rubric Pushes for Cost Cuts, AI Unit Review
5 tech jobs with long-term staying power
Google's new Gemini-powered conversational tool helps advertisers quickly build Search campaigns
Jerome Pasquero on Data Annotation: The Building Blocks of AI's Future
Mistral AI vs. Meta: Comparing Top Open-source LLMs
Google is using AI to organize and customize your Chrome browser
Google Chrome gains AI features including a writing helper, theme creator, and tab organizer
Paint3D : Lighting-Less Diffusion Model for Image Generation
This Machine Learning Paper from DeepMind Presents a Thorough Examination of Asynchronous Local-SGD in Language Modeling
Chrome Adds an AI Feature to Curb Your Crippling Tabs Addiction
A Guide to Mastering Large Language Models
How AI Reduces the Cost of a Data Breach
Google's next Chrome update adds three new generative AI features
Chrome's latest update brings AI-generated tab organization and helps you write
Kin.art launches free tool to prevent GenAI models from training on artwork
Rethinking AI's impact: Study reveals economic limits to job automation
Powering Up with Predictive GenAI
Can an intelligence, human or artificial, truly develop a moral compass without experiencing pain or suffering?
UK Tech Trends & Predictions for 2024: AI Boosts Productivity, Hiring Increases, Fintech Matures, More 5G Rollouts
AI-generated Biden robocall urges Democrats not to vote
MetaOpt: Examining, explaining, and improving heuristic performance
Build Vision AI Applications at the Edge with NVIDIA Metropolis Microservices and APIs
Google Chrome's new AI feature can now organize your browser tabs
The top risks from technology that we'll be facing by the year 2040
150+ AI agents sorted by use cases
[D] How does someone publish 130 papers in 3 years?
The Maker of Stable Diffusion Shifts Toward Language Models
How I Stay Up to Date with AI as a Data Scientist
Fine-tune Llama 2 for English to Hinglish translation with axolotl
Innovating Speech Synthesis:  Hierarchical Variational Approach in HierSpeech++
Zhipu AI Introduces GLM-4 Model: Next-Generation Foundation Model Comparable with GPT-4
2023 Wrapped: A Year of Sickness and Health
The Apple car apparently still exists, could debut in 2028 with reduced autonomy
Google Ads now lets you generate search campaigns with a Gemini chatbot
Meta's LeCun Debunks AGI Hype, Says it is Decades Away
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 15/01 to 21/01
KDnuggets News, January 24: 5 Free University Courses to Learn Data Science   Convert Unstructured Data into Structured Insights with LLMs
Oracle has a better generative AI strategy, analysts say
On Jacob Bernoulli, the Law of Large Numbers, and the Origins of the Central Limit Theorem
Meet VMamba: An Alternative to Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs and Vision Transformers for Enhanced Computational Efficiency
[D] How all these AI services can afford 5/10/20$ subs per month?
No Code GenAI Agents Workflow Orchestration: AutoGen Studio with Local Mistral AI model
New research addresses predicting and controlling bad actor AI activity in a year of global elections
Made a project about Head Pose Estimation and had a lot of fun!
[R] What tools do researchers use to create great images and flowcharts in their papers?
Fake Biden robocall to New Hampshire voters highlights how easy it is to make deepfakes - and how hard it is to defend against AI-generated disinformation
Now is the time to invest in edtech
LLaVA: An open-source alternative to GPT-4V(ision)
[D] CVPR 2024 Reviews are out !
Navigating Generative AI Data Privacy and Compliance
Has anyone attempted games procedurally-generated by AI?
Artisse AI raises $6.7M for its 'more realistic' AI photography app
Apple Scales Back Self-Driving Ambitions, Delays Launch
Got my first job. Do I accept?
More Google DeepMind Staff Depart to Launch an AI Startup
Arrays in Python and Excel VBA
Arturia Pigments 5 adds generative sequencing and external audio processing
Filing: Google is terminating its contract with data-labeling firm Appen, effective March 19; Google accounted for $82.8M of Appen's $273M revenue in 2023 (Hayden Field/CNBC)
Anthropic's Gross Margin Flags Long-Term AI Profit Questions
Microsoft Forms Team to Make Cheaper Generative AI
Google Cuts Thousands of Workers Improving Search After Search Results Scientifically Shown to Suck
Supermicro stock has jumped 430%+ since early 2023 amid an AI frenzy, outpacing Nvidia and boosting the value of its founder's 12% stake, plus options, to $3.3B (Bloomberg)
Small Language Models Gaining Ground at Enterprises
What to do about AI in health?
AI predicting disaster events like economic or societal chaos?
Python libraries for appealing dashboards?
Data Engineering in 2024: Predictions For Data Lakes and The Serving Layer
Forta raises $55M to help parents look after their kids with autism
This AI Research Introduces Fast and Expressive LLM Inference with RadixAttention and SGLang
Finally, Golang from Python (Pogo Pt:8)
MIT and Google Researchers Propose Health-LLM: A Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Framework Designed to Adapt LLMs for Health Prediction Tasks Using Data from Wearable Sensor
Infosys Leverages AI to Bring Immersive Experience at Australian Open 2024
ASML and SAP Lead Surge in Tech Stocks After Blowout Updates
NVIDIA's ChatQA Reaches GPT-4 Performance Without Using Data From OpenAI GPT
Google cancels contract with an AI data firm that's helped train Bard
Correlation does not equal causation. But, does no correlation mean two variables can't be causally related?
Electricity Demand at Data Centers Seen Doubling in Three Years
How to write better ChatGPT prompts in 5 steps
[D] Testing LLM-based applications is hard. How are you dealing with this?
Any N  SF  W A I Ch  atb  ot Recommendations?
Researchers from Washington University in St. Louis Propose Visual Active Search (VAS): An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Geospatial Exploration
Chrome 121 ships with security updates and new AI tools
Building a Pocket Database with Telegra.ph
Plainsight Technologies names Kit Merker as CEO
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/23/2024
BlissFable
Mastering Data Analytics: Navigating from Foundations to Advanced Techniques
Sources: Jack Ma and Joe Tsai become Alibaba's largest shareholders after buying shares worth ~$50M and ~$150M, respectively, in Q4, together eclipsing SoftBank (Zhou Xin/South China Morning Post)
DISCO announced C-Suite Elevations
AI 'hallucinated' fake legal cases allegedly filed to B.C. court in Canadian first
AiDash, which uses AI to search satellite images to spot fire and weather risks on power lines, raised a $50M Series C led by Lightrock (Peter Henderson/Reuters)
Google Finds its Moat in Healthcare
SAP Gives Profit Outlook for 2025, Unveils Restructuring Plan
Nvidia's Jensen Huang sheds his biker chic look to dance in a red floral vest during a visit to China
ASML reports Q4 revenue of &euro;6.67B and net profit up 9% YoY to &euro;2B, both above est., orders grew 3x QoQ to &euro;9B+, and expects 2024 net sales to be similar to 2023 (Toby Sterling/Reuters)
NVIDIA AI Introduces ChatQA: A Family of Conversational Question Answering (QA) Models that Obtain GPT-4 Level Accuracies
A profile of Kai-Fu Lee, an AI expert who helped Microsoft and Google get established in China and whose startup 01.AI is leading the open source AI race (Will Knight/Wired)
UX is becoming less important in the age of AI?
The demands of regulated industries helped this startup raise $8M for its conversational AI approach
Generate knowledge with Semantic Graphs and RAG
[D] When does it make sense to train on TPU?
The Data Speaker's Blueprint: Turning Analytics into Applause
5 Steps to Transform Messy Functions into Production-Ready Code
Jensen Huang Sheds Black Jacket for Red Floral Vest
[D] Why can't we use synthetic data to help create cleaner datasets for radiological image analysis training?
ElevenLabs Closes $80M in New Funding and Releases New Voice Library for VO Artists
Think tank warns North Korea uses AI for battle planning, maybe using cloudy resources
Building A Heart Disease Prediction Model Using Machine Learning
Seren: AI Chat Journal
Optimizing Instance Type Selection for AI Development in Cloud Spot Markets
Aniai is bringing a burger-cooking robot to restaurants with $12M
[R] Seeking Research Collaborators
Bagel Network closes $3.1M Pre-Seed Round Led by CoinFund
ElevenLabs Charts New Course in AI Voice With $80M Funding Round
[D] Naive question. in gradient descent, why are we adding the delta to the weights? Why not multiply it?
Aspen - API Testing for macOS
Macy's and Sunglass Hut sued for $10M over face-recog arrest and 'sexual assault'
A filing in a class action suit by 10 US artists against Midjourney and others lists 16,000 artist names whose work Midjourney had allegedly used for training (James Tapper/The Guardian)
AiDash, which uses AI and satellite to prevent weather-related power cuts, raises $50M in Series C funding
AI will make scam emails look genuine, UK cybersecurity agency warns
Apple's acquisitions, job postings, and academic papers shed light on the company's AI plans; PitchBook; Apple has bought 21 AI startups since the start of 2017 (Michael Acton/Financial Times)
I made a directory of all the best data science tools.
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 15/01 to 21/01
Question from my Recent Interview
ASML Orders Triple as Demand for Most-Advanced Gear Soars
Google enhances Chrome and Ads with new AI features to streamline user experiences
This ML Project Gives You an Unfair Advantage
How do I start learning NLP?
Google Chrome 121 adds three new AI features: a tab organizer, custom themes, and a writing assistant
[D] Vision Mamba Strikes Again! Is the Transformer Throne Crumbling?
German software giant SAP embarks on massive restructuring to focus on AI growth
AI solves P Versus NP problem
Tech world won't have long to fall in line when EU signs off on AI Act
AMD's new frame generation technology can boost FPS on most PC games
Massive leak exposes 26 billion records in mother of all breaches
Ethical Web AI launches AI Seek 6.0
States could already produce AI malware that evades cybersecurity defences, experts warn
How to stand out from other applicants in the eyes of a recruiter?
Aspen
[P] InternLM-Math: SOTA open-sourced Math reasoning LLMs. A solver, prover, verifier, augmentor.
Most Top News Sites Block AI Bots. Right-Wing Media Welcomes Them
OpenAI is Trying Really Hard to Attract Young Talent
Daily Code 48 | Random Number 1-100,   Python and   JavaScript (3)
The Morning After: Apple's car project still exists
Is it just me, or is matplotlib just a garbage fucking library?
Siemens Healthineers & IISc Launch AI Lab for Precision Medicine
Pondering torch vs TF - change my mind!
7 ways to leverage genAI for a better career
Google's Gradient backs Send AI to help enterprises extract data from complex documents
IAE: electricity used by data centers, crypto, and AI may more than double in the next three years; Irish data centers will use 32% of its electricity by 2026 (Eamon Farhat/Bloomberg)
OpenAI's Race to Attract Young Talent
The classless and class-light CSS aproaches
Trump Shares AI Image of Himself Praying With Six Fingers
How Perplexity's Online LLM Was Inspired by FreshLLMs Paper
The Future of Image Annotation: Emerging Trends
ChatGPT vs Gemini: The AI Showdown You Didn't Know
ChatGPT vs ChatGPT Plus: Is it worth the subscription fee?
Optimizing Performance and Cost Savings for Elastic on Pure Storage
Interview with Bo Li: A comprehensive assessment of trustworthiness in GPT models
SAP restructuring to focus on AI will affect 8,000 jobs
Machine learning for Java developers: Algorithms for machine learning
This buzzy $199 AI device company's CEO answers the question on everyone's mind: Why not just make it an app?
Computer vision at the edge with Nvidia Jetson in 2 commands
A career coach explains how ChatGPT has helped her clients find jobs and become more productive at work
Etsy launches 'Gift Mode,' a new AI-powered feature that generates 200+ gift guides
Bhashini Introduces OCR feature in its App
JavaScript/React Library Lets Developers Build AI Chatbots
Grape expectations: How genAI reshaped a wine company's customer service team
Ex-DeepMind researchers ditch Google to speed up AI innovation with Uncharted Labs
Google Introduces Video Generation Model Lumiere, Leaves OpenAI Behind
[Project] BELT (BERT For Longer Texts)
YouTube ads are about to get way more effective with AI-powered neuromarketing
OpenAI Quietly Scrapped a Promise to Disclose Key Documents to the Public
Think tank warns that North Korea could use Western cloud services for AI-powered military applications
EU wants to upgrade its supercomputers to support generative AI startups
The Brain Behind the Much-Needed Multilingual Text Line Detection Model
Originality AI: 88%+ of the top US news outlets now block AI companies' web crawlers; leading right-wing outlets, like Breitbart and Newsmax, mostly permit them (Kate Knibbs/Wired)
Pega Systems launches generative AI-based assistant for enterprises
8 Free Google Courses to Land Top Paying Jobs
Revisiting the HTML Problem Space and Introducing OOHTML
Local LLMs, some facts some fiction
Generative AI is expensive, and Microsoft needs to cut costs
A primer on vector search using Pinecone Serverless
How To Use AI To Improve the Literature Review Process
GPT-5: Everything You Need to Know
Nvidia's RTX GPUs can now upgrade SDR content to HDR using AI
Aleph Alpha CEO Warns Big Tech May Use Dominance to Control AI
Binoculars to Recognize AI Generated Text
Is there a centralised place to track AI inventions?
Arcee is a secure, enterprise-focused platform for building GenAI
TextQL aims to add AI-powered intelligence on top of business data
This AI newsletter is all you need #83
Google announces new AI-powered features for education
ChatGPT Anywhere - Why pay for ChatGPT's API when it's free in the browser?
Illustrative Guide : Image-to-Text using Transfer Learning
Powerful Data Analysis and Plotting via Natural Language Requests by Giving LLMs Access to.
Introduction to Jsonnet: The YAML/JSON templating language
Peacock reportedly signed up 2.8 million subscribers for its NFL playoff game
Apache Kafka :
Singapore SMBs offered handbook on training their workforce for GenAI
Webinar: Improve Spear Phishing Detection with AI
Who Shakira should collaborate with next: What our AI research suggests
Quoting Ned Batchelder
18 Roadblocks   And Solutions   To AI Adoption In Companies
Google Research: Lumiere
Protect AI announces Guardian to enforce ML Model Security
National AI Research Resource pilot program to 'democratize' generative AI
'The key thing is that the good guys have better AIs than the bad guys' says Microsoft founder Bill Gates on the threat from artificial intelligence
Is There Freedom of Speech for AI? ChatGPT Sued for Libel
From Data Scientist to AI Developer: Lessons Building an Generative AI Web App in 2023
Rise of AI sparks big changes at SAP affecting about 8,000 jobs
Nvidia RTX Video HDR converts SDR video to HDR video using AI
Oracle Extends AI Across Its Stack With New GenAI Cloud Features
How Apple's AI advances could make or break the iPhone 16
Nvidia's RTX GPUs can now upgrade SDR video to HDR using AI, supported in both Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome on Windows PCs with HDR enabled (Tom Warren/The Verge)
AI-generated puffy pontiff image inspires new warning from Pope Francis
[D] Is it fair to say lot of ML researchers think they can create products etc. that can do a significant portion of what doctors (nonprocedural) do?
Delivering Efficient, High-Performance AI Clouds with NVIDIA DOCA 2.5
Stochastic Gradient Descent: Math and Python Code
Software Released to Make Your Original Art Poison AI Models That Scrape It
Apple's mythical electric vehicle project is still alive, but at least another four years away
Ignitho partners with H2O to provide industry first AI capabilities
Meet einx: A Python Library that Allows Formulating Many Tensor Operations as Concise Expressions Using Einstein Notation
A Massachusetts court filings shows Google reached a settlement in an AI chip patent lawsuit filed by Singular Computing, which sought $1.67B in damages (Reuters)
How integration wars will reshape the generative AI market
Prepare for more upscaled classic PC game mods with new RTX Remaster beta toolkit
National Cyber Security Centre Study: Generative AI May Increase Global Ransomware Threat
Oracle's new offerings bring AI to your data, and manage it too
Yoshua Bengio named ACM Fellow
Data to Dashboard: Mapping UN Food Security Stats With GPT-4 Prompting
Finding a comfortable temperature through machine learning
LEGO, the Future of TikTok, and A Problem for Your Kids?
Feds kick off National AI Research Resource with pilot program live today
Don't Fuss About Training AIs. Train Our Kids
[R] DTC: Deep Tracking Control
Google DeepMind Researchers Propose a Novel AI Method Called Sparse Fine-grained Contrastive Alignment (SPARC) for Fine-Grained Vision-Language Pretraining
Ask Me Anything 2024
7 ways AI can fix your meetings, according to Microsoft
OpenAI Failing to Destroy Contraband AI Girlfriends Flooding GPT Store
The US National Science Foundation partners with OpenAI, Meta, Nvidia, and others to launch NAIRR, a pilot program to increase researchers' access to AI tools (Richard Nieva/Forbes)
AI and crypto mining are driving up data centers' energy use
Build Enterprise-Grade AI with NVIDIA AI Software
Hello, Apple has joined the AI arms race
Moving humanoid robots outside research labs: The evolution of the fully immersive iCub3 avatar system
New grad's job hunt in for a Data Analyst role in Canada
[D] Best Ch  atbots that are unc e n sored?
Fake Biden robocall to New Hampshire voters highlights how easy it is to make deepfakes
Using AI to empower art therapy patients
Alphabet Shares Flirt With Record High on AI Hype
What is 'Good Enough' for a New Smartphone Camera? | The PetaPixel Podcast
MemGPT with Real-life Example: Bridging the Gap Between AI and OS
How Will AI Impact Various Industries in 2024?
Fireworks AI Open Sources FireLLaVA: A Commercially-Usable Version of the LLaVA Model Leveraging Only OSS Models for Data Generation and Training
Supercharge Your S3 Data with AWS S3 Transfer Acceleration
MLCommons wants to create AI benchmarks for laptops, desktops and workstations
Man Jailed, Raped, and Beaten After False Facial Recognition Match, $10M Lawsuit Alleges
RobotLAB celebrates banner year with Franchising & Key Partnerships
Microsoft Hits $3 Trillion Value, Cementing Strength of AI Rally
Apple, Zuck, Elon, and the lesson of Microsoft Windows
Joe Biden's big AI science project gets pledges from Microsoft, Nvidia and others
Gen Z investing app Alinea raises $3.4M, plans to launch an 'AI copilot'
Fake Biden Phone Call Meant to Keep Voters Home
Q&A: A blueprint for sustainable innovation
Apple Big AI Push Could Come in iOS 18, Analysts Say
Django Chat: Datasette, LLMs, and Django
Snapchat AI gets even weirder: Introducing AI pets
Mobb unveils vulnerability fixer for GitHub users
Qualities of Great AI Experiences
The Doomsday Clock is still at 90 seconds to midnight. But what does that mean?
Using the Power of AI to Make Factories Safer
AI dashcam slinger Samsara accuses rival Motive of corporate skullduggery
That Spotify Daylist That Really 'Gets' You? It Was Written by A.I.
Can AI Be the Balm for Developers' Burnout Qualm?
This AI Paper from UCLA Revolutionizes Uncertainty Quantification in Deep Neural Networks Using Cycle Consistency
Nvidia RTX Video HDR offers AI-based HDR upscaling for SDR videos
Arati Prabhakar, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, says the US will work with China on AI safety, despite trade tensions (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
How to Deploy a PDF Chatbot as a REST Endpoint and Test with Postman
Self-driving vehicle company Aurora cuts 3% of its workforce
Performant IPv4 Range Spark Joins
Google's latest Pixel phone update adds new AI tools and a working thermometer
AI Regs a Moving Target in the US, But Keep an Eye on Europe
798 applications later, I got a job.
Apple is working on AI models that can run on-device rather than on the cloud
Apple's on-device gen AI for the iPhone should surprise no-one. The way it does it might
This AI Paper from the University of Washington, CMU, and Allen Institute for AI Unveils FAVA: The Next Leap in Detecting and Editing Hallucinations in Language Models
5 exciting features coming to Pixel phones (and why you should update ASAP)
DeepMind's AI could accelerate drug discovery
Publicis Plans  300 Million AI Investment Over Three-Year Period
[D] Attention Mystery: Which Is Which - q, k, or v?
[R] Are Vision Transformers More Data Hungry Than Newborn Visual Systems?
[D] Scikit-Learn fixed its F-1 score calculator; you should update now
Top 10 Google Gemini Ultra Uses You Should Know
The AI-generated Books Trend is Getting Worse
How to Easily Build a PDF Chatbot with RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) Using Azure AI Studio's Prompt Flow
Toronto-based Spellbook, which offers an AI-powered contract drafting and review tool for lawyers, raised a $20M Series A led by Inovia Capital (Sara Merken/Reuters)
Tesla's Slowdown Disqualifies It From 'Magnificent Seven' Group
Sources: Sam Altman has had discussions with members of the US Congress about where and how to build fabs to increase the supply of advanced chips for AI (Washington Post)
Researchers from ByteDance and Sun Yat-Sen University Introduce DiffusionGPT: LLM-Driven Text-to-Image Generation System
World's No. 2 Memory Chip Maker SK Hynix Reports Surprise Profit
Progression of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Systems
Research Focus: Week of January 22, 2024
Supercharge Your AI Journey! Join Uplimit's Free Building AI Products using OpenAI Course
Started empirically experimenting for finding the best training hyper parameters for Stable Diffusion 1.5 based models
NousResearch Released Nous-Hermes-2-Mixtral-8x7B: An Open-Source LLM with SFT and DPO Versions
Fairly Trained launches certification for generative AI models that respect creators' rights
GPT-Newspaper to Kill Traditional Publishing Houses
what exactly should I learn as someone new in AI?
Google's latest AI video generator renders implausible situations for cute animals
I made a book database site that allows you to sort books by ratings, genres and more.
Google's Lumiere Shows More Momentum in AI Text-to-Video Innovation
Microsoft briefly hits $3trn valuation as AI focus pays off
AI4Bharat Releases Airavata: An Instruction-tuned Hindi LLM
Venture GPT
The Future is Neuro-Symbolic: How AI Reasoning is Evolving
That first sentence.....Jesus.
Level Up Your Pandas Game with These 15 Hidden Gems
Spellbook raises $20M Series A, following 10x Revenue Growth
DXwand raises $4M to scale its conversational AI platform serving enterprises in MENA
Open Source Developers are Monkeys with Typewriters
Kao Data completes 206M Debt Raise with Deutsche Bank
[D] A complete list of all the LLM evaluation metrics you need to care about
The winner of a prestigious Japanese literary award has confirmed AI helped write her book
Falfurrias Growth Partners makes growth investment in NPI
AI deepfakes threaten to wreak havoc with the world's year of elections
Former NVIDIA Exec-led RagaAI Aims to Fix Failing AI Models
Presentation: Improve Feature Freshness in Large Scale ML Data Processing
DataRobot introduces Catalyst Program
The AI explosion has made machine learning jobs hot commodities. But do you really need a Ph.D. to get one?
MLCommons forms new MLPerf  Client working group
Winston & Strawn launches Artificial Intelligence Strategy Group
Google settles $1.7 billion lawsuit over AI chips patent infringement
[D] Any Reliable Tool for ML Testing and Monitoring?
The Sleepy Copyright Office in the Middle of a High-Stakes Clash Over A.I.
Building AI agents with Semantic Kernel
Sloan's Inbox: Any advice for overcoming a fear of public speaking?
AI Needs So Much Power That Old Coal Plants Are Sticking Around
RightHand Robotics introduces the RightPick  4 System
The rise of synthetic media: Get ready for AI avatars at work
[P] Training ML Models on Encrypted Data with Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE)
How long to stay in unproductive environment?
Decoding Data: An Introduction to Descriptive Statistics with the Ames Housing Dataset
Google Likely To Kill ChatGPT Soon
Heard on the Street   1/25/2024
Researchers at Anthropic taught AI chat bots how to lie, and they were way too good at it
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/24/2024
Psst . wanna jailbreak ChatGPT? Thousands of malicious prompts for sale
ASML's China Sales Surged Despite Secret Dutch Deal With US
PyTorch for Beginners: 7 Good Practices to Improve Your Model Development
Top 6 Recent Updates that Will Transform the Course of AI
Some Chinese investors are using creative methods to own bitcoin and other crypto that they believe are safer than China's crumbling stock and property markets (Reuters)
Indian States Vie with Each Other to Win Semicon Deal
BMLL makes three historical datasets available via Snowflake Marketplace
TikTok's Deepfaked Dead Show AI Content Control Has Long Way to Go
This Chatbot Screens Your Dating App Matches for You
Using the Logger Class in Python for Effective Logging
Did an AI write that hour-long  George Carlin  special? I'm not convinced.
Nvidia, TSMC CEOs Meet as Global AI Chip Supply Remains Tight
Eye On AI: Valuations Are Not Slowing Down
US Government and AI Industry Collaborate on National AI Research Resource Pilot
Lumiere, Google's latest generative AI model, can create brief yet fairly realistic video clips
Etching AI Controls Into Silicon Could Keep Doomsday at Bay
Forward Networks officially launched AI Assist
Meta Is Building New $800 Million AI-Focused Data Center in Indiana
Podcast: Data Storytelling with Dominic Bohan
Google Project IDX adds Android, iOS simulators
Diligent and Manifest Climate announced partnership
Missed expectations, zero guidance: Tesla's 'great year' was anything but
This AI Paper from UNC-Chapel Hill Explores the Complexities of Erasing Sensitive Data from Language Model Weights: Insights and Challenges
The Next AI Bottleneck: Power For Data Centers
Man Says Sunglass Hut Used Facial Recognition to Falsely Jailed Him, Where He Got Sexually Assaulted
How Mendable leverages LangSmith to debug Tools & Actions
Walking Dead's Rick and Michonne Show Sure Looks Like More Walking Dead
Silicon Valley's top AI models are terrible at rebus wordplay puzzles
Fubo TV launches Instant Headlines Beta, which uses AI to generate headlines from live news programs on Fox News, MSNBC, CNN, and other networks (Luke Bouma/Cord Cutters News)
Apple is quietly stockpiling startups and hunting for talent as it fights for a slice of the AI boom
Expanding AI Horizons: The Rise of Function Calling in LLMs
AI-Powered Proof Generator Helps Debug Software
Anomalo, which uses AI to solve data-quality problems in large datasets, raised a $33M Series B led by SignalFire, bringing its total funding to $72M (Ron Miller/TechCrunch)
The FTC launches a review of investments by Microsoft in OpenAI and by Amazon and Google in Anthropic, to assess how the deals alter the competitive landscape (David McCabe/New York Times)
Inside .git
[D] what embarrassingly parallel workloads do you consistently run into (no inter-node communications)?
Apple lets apps feature streaming games, chatbots and other built-in experiences
Building Data Science Applications - Gael Varoquaux creator of Scikit Learn
Trolls have flooded X with graphic Taylor Swift AI fakes
Kids spent 60% more time on TikTok than YouTube last year,  20% tried OpenAI's ChatGPT
Paracetamol.py | #35: Explica este cdigo Python
How to make a synthesized dataset to fine-tune your OCR
Key Insights from cnvrg.io GenAI and ML Report
Apple's App Store now permits streaming game stores, adds in-app purchase for mini-apps, games, and AI chatbots
Taylor Swift deepfake AI images circulating on X as Elon Musk criticized for not doing enough
Advancing Production AI with NVIDIA AI Enterprise
AI makes ransomware attacks easy for budding cybercriminals, warns UK NCSC
The New Frontiers of LLMs: Challenges, Solutions, and Tools
[Research] WhisperFusion: Ultra-low latency conversations with an AI chatbot
Leveraging AI to Design Fair and Equitable EV Charging Grids
US launches inquiry into AI deals by Microsoft, OpenAI, Google and Amazon
Chat with Google Gemini on the Web
Newegg just started selling refurbished electronics
I love my GPT, but I can't find a use for anybody else's
Could a court really order the destruction of ChatGPT? The New York Times thinks so, and it may be right
Here is another FREE AI Webinar: 'LangChain for Multimodal Apps: Chat With Text/Image Data'.
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Information Retrieval
Comprehensive Guide to 13 Cutting-Edge Machine Learning Summer Schools in 2024
Google's Hugging Face deal puts 'supercomputer' power behind open-source AI
Microsoft, Amazon and Google Face F.T.C. Inquiry Over A.I. Deals
Visual Instruction Tuning for Pixel-Level Understanding with Osprey
The Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses' new AI powers are impressive, and worrying
ASML's stock rises 10%+ to reach a $350B+ market cap on the AI boom, becoming Europe's third most valuable company; ASML is up 19%+ in 2024 (Danilo Masoni/Reuters)
Apple begins allowing game streaming apps and services globally, meaning Xbox Cloud Streaming, Nvidia GeForce Now, and others will be able to offer full apps (Andrew Webster/The Verge)
Deploying Multimodal AI? Test Its Reliability with MMCBench
24 tech start-ups to watch in 2024
Microsoft hits $3 trillion as investors drink AI Kool-Aid
How do you deal with data science gate-keepers?
FTC Queries AI Deals by Amazon, OpenAI, Microsoft, Anthropic
Washington Area Sees AI Job Surge With Federal Agencies Embracing New Tech
Customer Service Needs a Facelift. AI Can Help
Briefing: Instagram nudges, Stripe retries, Chrome AI
The Trusted Liquid Workforce
X is flooded with AI-generated pornographic images of Taylor Swift; one post, live for 17 hours, had 45M+ views, hundreds of thousands of likes, and 24K reposts (Jess Weatherbed/The Verge)
Spreadsheet errors can have disastrous consequences   yet we keep making the same mistakes
I got rejected by Toward Datascience
FTC Probing Big Tech Relationship With AI Startups
The Top LLM Frameworks, the OpenAI GPT Store, How to Evaluate a New LLM, and 60% Off ODSC East.
PayPal to pilot new AI-powered updates, including a cash back feature and 'Smart Receipts'
AI advances have left news publishers fearing for their business models   new research
Ontario privacy commissioner feels urgency to address 'Wild West' risks of AI
The Physics of Generative AI - How AI models use physics to generate novel data
Top Data Leadership Tips
Benjamin Breen: The Intersecting Histories of Psychedelics and AI Research
NVIDIA DRIVE Partners Showcase Cutting-Edge Innovations in Automated and Autonomous Driving
Evaluating AI Models and Building Societal Trust // Aleksa Gordi // MLOps Podcast #203 clip
Manning Introduces: D3.js in Action, Third Edition
Portable EPUBs
How common is Data Visualization near real-time for Big Data
Robot Car Crash Investigation Concludes GM's Cruise Didn't Disclose Key Information
Microsoft is Now Worth $3 Trillion, Thanks to Gen AI
Has anyone jumped from DS to analytics engineer?
OpenAI cures GPT-4 'laziness' with new updates
The best AI image generators of 2024: Tested and reviewed
A Step-by-Step Guide to Deploying a Machine Learning Model in a Docker Container
UK: AI to 'Almost Certainly' Increase Cyber Attacks in Next 2 Years
LLMs as General Pattern Machines [R]
Programming light propagation creates highly efficient neural networks
OpenAI ships less lazy GPT-4 model and lowers prices for GPT-3.5
OpenAI responds to Congressional Black Caucus about lack of diversity on its board
New GPT 4 Update is Here!
Google's web-based app development suite Project IDX adds an Android emulator, an iOS simulator, new project templates, and more (Kyle Bradshaw/9to5Google)
Young Sam Altman vows to create a program so no kid ever has to do homework again.
Taiwan Builds Own AI Language Model to Counter China's Influence
Japan's SLIM lunar spacecraft landed upside down on the moon
Demystifying Social Media for Data Scientists
Events at Jumping Rivers 2024
[D] How do we keep getting so lucky?
Google Cloud and Hugging Face join forces to advance open-source AI
FTC investigating Microsoft, Amazon, and Google investments into OpenAI and Anthropic
OpenAI announces lower GPT-3.5 Turbo prices, a GPT-4 Turbo preview model to reduce cases of  laziness , a new generation of embedding models, and more (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
The Four Wars of the AI Stack (Dec 2023 Audio Recap)
The incredible evolution of smartphone cameras and how AI powers a dazzling future
DeciDiffusion: Text-to-image latent diffusion model
This AI Paper Proposes COPlanner: A Machine Learning-based Plug-and-Play Framework that can be Applied to any Dyna-Style Model-based Methods
Meet RAGxplorer: An interactive AI Tool to Support the Building of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Applications by Visualizing Document Chunks and the Queries in the Embedding Space
X can't stop spread of explicit, fake AI Taylor Swift images
OpenAI drops prices on new GPT 3.5 Turbo model and announces fixes for 'laziness' in GPT 4 Turbo
How to Estimate Depth from a Single Image
Google's New AI Is Learning to Diagnose Patients
Revolutionizing AI Art: Orthogonal Finetuning Unlocks New Realms of Photorealistic Image Creation from Text
Cruise Says Hostility to Regulators Led to Grounding of Its Autonomous Cars
Copilot Cheat Sheet (Formerly Bing Chat): Complete Guide for 2024
I tried Google's new Art Selfie 2 and could not stop laughing
MOAB Puts a Bow on Data Privacy Week
FTC drills into Amazon, Microsoft, Google over billions pledged to OpenAI, Anthropic
Cruise reveals DOJ, SEC probes as it releases internal report on pedestrian crash
Feds Launch Inquiry Into OpenAI and Microsoft's Messy Relationship
Taylor Swift AI Porn Is Driving Fans Ballistic
Revolutionizing Fluid Dynamics: Integrating Physics-Informed Neural Networks with Tomo-BOS for Advanced Flow Analysis
Stop Overusing Scikit-Learn and Try OR-Tools Instead
5 top mobile trends in 2024: On-device AI, the 'new' smartphone, and more
How to discover the newest and most useful AI tools?
Integrating ChatGPT into My Whatsapp (with a Custom Knowledge Base)
Breaking Down the O'Reilly 2024 Tech Trends Report
Will There Be Any Consequences For All This Disgusting AI Taylor Swift Porn?
Ex-Salesforce Co-CEO to Win Funding for AI Startup at Near-$1 Billion Value, Sources Say
NSF Forms AI Resource Pilot Program With Microsoft, OpenAI and Others
Researchers at the University of Waterloo Developed GraphNovo: A Machine Learning-based Algorithm that Provides a More Accurate Understanding of the Peptide Sequences in Cells
This Week's Most Read: Small Language Models and Rabbit R1
MIT study finds limited impact of AI on jobs requiring visual tasks
OpenAI drops prices and fixes 'lazy' GPT-4 that refused to work
Wow!!! first Meta. Now Google, partnering with Hugging Face, goes open source! Next up, Amazon and Apple.
AI Companies Are Obsessed with AGI. No One Can Agree What Exactly It Is
Predicting the energy balance algorithmically
Intel reports Q4 revenue up 10% YoY to $15.4B vs. $15.15B est., Data Center and AI down 10% YoY to $4B, and forecasts Q1 revenue below estimates; INTC drops 5%+ (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Google Research details Lumiere, an AI video tool that uses unique architecture to create videos in one process, instead of by stitching together smaller parts (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
Filing: 23andMe says hackers started breaking into users' accounts in April 2023 and continued through September; 23andMe became aware of the breach in October (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Next.js and GPT-4: A Guide to Streaming Generated Content as UI Components
iOS 17.4 Introduces Alternative App Marketplaces With No Commission in EU
Lumiere: Google shows new generative AI for realistic videos
Taiwan plans to spend ~$7.4M on the Trustworthy AI Dialogue Engine, or Taide, an LLM for businesses, banks, and other customers, to counter China's influence (Jennifer Creery/Bloomberg)
Cruise wasn't hiding the pedestrian-dragging video from regulators   it just had bad internet
IBM's stock closes up 9.49%, at its highest level since June 2013, adding ~$20B to its market cap and up nearly 20% year-to-date, on strong AI services demand (Chibuike Oguh/Reuters)
How Generative AI Can Help Lower Data Risk in  Enterprises
Topaz Gigapixel 7 Upscaling App Offers Better AI and New UI Features
What is a Vector Database?
This Report from Microsoft AI Reveals the Impact of Fine-Tuning and Retrieval-Augmented Generation RAG on Large Language Models in Agriculture
Source: Sierra, an enterprise-focused AI startup co-founded by Bret Taylor, plans to raise $85M led by Sequoia at a ~$1B valuation; Taylor is on OpenAI's board (Katie Roof/Bloomberg)
[D] What's the best resource to learn Hopfield Networks?
4 Things All Analytics Engineers Must Learn in 2024
Why Falcon Sucks
US Spies Want AI as Tool Against China If Tech Can Be Trusted
Why the Poles are building AI giants abroad, not at home
The George Carlin estate sues Dudesy, which released a comedy special featuring an AI-generated recreation of George Carlin, alleging copyright infringement (Winston Cho/The Hollywood Reporter)
OpenAI's NEW Embedding Models
PDF To Chat: Chat with your PDF Documents on the Web For FREE!
Navigating AI in Software Development with Matt Van Itallie, CEO of Sema
Can Viral NSFW Taylor Swift AI Images Make Deepfake Issues Go Mainstream?
OpenAI: New Embedding Models, Price cuts for GPT-3.5, Moderation API and More!!!
Exploring a Two-Decade Trend: College Acceptance Rates and Tuition in the U.S.
What is switchback testing for decision models?
Study Shows Decline in Google Search Quality and Reveals Path for Generative AI Adoption
Simplifying Decorators in Python | A step-by-step approach.
Exploring Public Storage Traces
OpenAI's Altman to Meet Samsung, SK Hynix During Korea Trip
Build a Simple YouTube Video Downloader Application in Python
Fake Explicit Taylor Swift Images Swamp Social Media
[D] Interesting model design questions?
Time Series Forecasting using PyCaret
Big Data for Businesses: How to Personalize the Customer Experience
Meet Medusa: An Efficient Machine Learning Framework for Accelerating Large Language Models (LLMs) Inference with Multiple Decoding Heads
Krutrim Secures $50 Million, Becomes India's First AI Unicorn
Ola founder's AI startup becomes unicorn in $50M funding
Confirmation dialog in a Shiny app
Gustabot
Elevator Pitch Generator
FTC launches probe into Big Tech's AI investments
Ola Founder's Krutrim Becomes First $1 Billion Indian AI Startup
Entrepreneur creates career pathways with MIT OpenCourseWare
How Data Platforms Affect ML & AI // Jake Watson // #207
Is GPT-4 Turbo Fixed? - First Impression
Orthopedic surgeon's journey into coding: launching fracturefinder.app - AI - powered hip fracture diagnosis [R] [N] [P]
How Data Silos Hinder Big Data Analytics and How to Overcome Them
One-Minute Daily AI News 1/25/2024
Clipfly
Baidu partners with Samsung to integrate its Ernie chatbot into Galaxy S24 smartphones in China, allowing users to translate calls in real time and more (Sheila Chiang/CNBC)
CD Projekt says Witcher 4 production phase to start this year, AI will play a role in its development
GM's Cruise is being investigated by the DoJ and SEC following a pedestrian accident
Fireside Friday with. Google's Rohit Bhat
Mediapocalypse Now, a16z's Chris Dixon Defends Crypto, and HatGPT
Who saw the Twilight Zone episode  The Brain Center at Whipple's  and thought ChatGPT?
Tensoic AI Releases Kan-Llama: A 7B Llama-2 LoRA PreTrained and FineTuned on 'Kannada' Tokens
OpenAI CEO Altman visits S.Korea for Samsung, SK Hynix meetings: Reports
Cruise says the US DOJ and SEC are probing the company over an October 2023 incident where one of its autonomous vehicles hit and dragged a pedestrian 20 feet (Trisha Thadani/Washington Post)
Sources: Elon Musk's xAI is in talks to raise up to $6B from family offices in Hong Kong and sovereign wealth funds in the Middle East at a $20B valuation (Financial Times)
Taylor Swift fans are furious about graphic fake AI images of the pop superstar being shared on X
Ola Group CEO Bhavish Aggarwal's Krutrim, which is building a multilingual LLM, raised a $50M  first round  led by Matrix Partners India at a $1B valuation (Manish Singh/TechCrunch)
Podcast: Generally AI Episode 1: Large Language Models
Transform MongoDB into an AI development and deployment powerhouse
Researchers Say the Deepfake Biden Robocall Was Likely Made With Tools From AI Startup ElevenLabs
SQL Simplified: Crafting Modular and Understandable Queries with CTEs
Police arrested a Thai woman whose pet lion was seen on video cruising around in a Bentley
Creators of AI-generated George Carlin special sued by late comedian's estate
Here's Why You Shouldn't Mess With a Wild Iguana That Wants Your Cake
So 30 to 60 minute AI movie generation coming in next few months. From where?
How to Build Machine Learning Systems With a Feature Store
AI Audio Deepfakes Are Quickly Outpacing Detection
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of January 26th
On-Demand Webinar: Designing & Scaling FanDuel's Machine Learning Platform
World's Smartest 34B LLM is here
If you're a Developer You have to Start Using AI
How to store and calculate historical big data with lower usage frequency!
Legal AI is a bit of a Wild West right now
George Carlin's Estate Sues Makers of AI-Generated Comedy Special in His Likeness
ASML's Surge to Record High Shows Importance to AI Chipmakers
Dear Web Component
Taylor Swift deepfake pornography sparks renewed calls for US legislation
Data gold rush: companies once focused on mining cryptocurrency pivot to generative AI
If AI Made Pokmon? Nintendo Investigates Rival Palworld
Preparing time-series to build a Pollution Forecasting Model with Python
Investortools Dealer Network integrates Tradeweb Ai-Price for municipal bonds
Study: kids aged 4 to 18 globally spent an average of 112 minutes daily on TikTok in 2023, up from 107 minutes YoY and 60% more than YouTube; 20% tried ChatGPT (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
OpenAI releases new models and lowers API pricing
AI Survey Exaggerates Apocalyptic Risks
How Beloved Indie Blog 'The Hairpin' Turned Into an AI Clickbait Farm
The AI-Fueled Future of Work Needs Humans More Than Ever
I'm Building an AI Project: Here Are the Libraries I'm Going to Use...
Text modifications with HTML
Samsung's new phones replace Google AI with Baidu in China
How Data Platforms Affect ML & AI // Jake Watson // MLOps Podcast #207
752: AI is Disadvantaging Job Applicants, But You Can Fight Back   with Hilke Schellmann
If Taylor Swift Can't Defeat Deepfake Porn, No One Can
US Air Force selects four defense giants and startup Anduril for AI drone program
George Carlin's Family Takes This AI Bullsh*t to Court
FTC Tech Summit highlights GPU shortages, concentrations of power
Samsung Has Made Repairing the Galaxy S24 Ultra a Breeze
Cruise failed to disclose disturbing details of self-driving car crash
Sundance documentary Eternal You shows how AI companies are 'resurrecting' the dead
Function Calling AI: Transforming Text Models into Dynamic Agents
The Only Free Course You Need To Become a Professional Data Engineer
AI is coming for big pharma
Google announces the development of Lumiere, an AI-based next-generation text-to-video generator
Meet the Writer: HackerNoon Contributor Nataraj Sindam on Experimenting With AI
185 Stories To Learn About Ai Applications
Companies should give employees a whole week (with no expected deliverables) dedicated to learning each year
Mikiko Bazeley: What I Learned Building the ML Platform at Mailchimp
This New AI Tech Will Change Game Development Forever
OpenAI unveils new embedding models, GPT Turbo updates
Women laughing alone with AI-generated content spam
AI & Machine Learning for Business
Honey Mittal, Co-Founder & CEO at Locofy   Interview Series
Search and rescue system using a fixed-wing unmanned aerial vehicle
The Moogai Puts a Monstrous Spin on Generational Trauma
Opera to launch new AI-powered browser for iOS in Europe following Apple's DMA changes
Study examines AI chatbots in public organizations
Bad Internet Connection Concealed Cruise's Pedestrian-Dragging Incident
OpenAI announces ChatGPT-4 Turbo and ChatGPT 3.5 Turbo model updates
AI audio deepfakes are quickly outpacing detection
What would the late heavy bombardment have done to the Earth's surface?
Tech layoffs are expected to continue as companies seek to hire more AI talent, analyst says
OpenAI unveils a 'less lazy' GPT-4 Turbo, price drops, plus new and updated models
New Cisco Study Highlights the Impact of Data Security and Privacy Concerns on GenAI Adoption
Samsung's AI features on the Galaxy S24 in China reportedly ditch Google for Baidu
Taiwan's  Trustworthy AI Dialogue Engine  aims to counter China's grip on AI ecosystem
World's biggest extreme ultraviolet lithography (EUV) supplier grew 30 percent in 2023
OpenAI and Other Tech Giants Will Have to Warn the US Government When They Start New AI Projects
iOS 17.4 code shows Apple may be testing two versions of its Ajax LLM for Siri and comparing their responses to OpenAI's ChatGPT (Chance Miller/9to5Mac)
Elon Musk's xAI seeks to raise $6bn, targeting a $20bn valuation in rivalry with OpenAI
Elon Musk's Brain Implant Company Neuralink Fined for 'Hazardous Materials' Violation
New Intel Arc  Game On  driver improves DirectX 11 performance up to 268%
Reframing LLM 'Chat with Data': Introducing LLM-Assisted Data Recipes
ELI5: Data Lake vs. Data Warehouse vs. Data Pond etc.
FBI recruits Amazon Rekognition AI to hunt down 'nudity, weapons, explosives'
New Law Would Illegalize AI Taylor Swift Porn Flooding Internet
What differentiates a junior, mid, or senior level data scientist?(in your opinion/experience)
For the age of the AI PC, here comes a new test of speed
Exploring codespaces as temporary dev containers
Who Is Dean Phillips and Why Do All the Tech Bros Want Him to Be President?
New Self-Paced Course: Augment Your LLM Using Retrieval-Augmented Generation
Musk Plans to Buy AMD Chips as Tesla Loads Up on AI Hardware
Big Tech Probe, Intel Plunges | Bloomberg Technology
George Carlin's estate sues over AI-generated standup comedy special
What is the dumbest thing you have seen in data science?
The seven dirty words you can't say with AI
AI Startup ElevenLabs Bans Account Blamed for Biden Audio Deepfake
New research combats burgeoning threat of deepfake audio
Google releases new Bard Gemini model that might be at GPT-4 level
OpenAI Has Model Updates, Lower Prices, and New Requests from Anti-trust Regulators
George Carlin Estate Sues Podcasters Over AI  Comedy Special
Japan crashes SLIM spacecraft upside-down on the moon and calls it a  success
Elon Musk's startup is reportedly building up a war chest to take on OpenAI
Musk's xAI In Talks To Raise $6B   Report
New AssemblyAI Go SDK & Speech-to-Text Tutorials
What You Can't Say (About AI)
LLM 0.13: The annotated release notes
[Week of 1/22/24] LangChain Release Notes
How to build a WhatsApp AI assistant
[R] A Neural Networks Approach to Predicting How Things Might Have Turned Out Had I Mustered the Nerve to Ask Barry Cottonfield to the Junior Prom Back in 1997
The best Roborock vacuums of 2024: Expert tested and reviewed
[D] Production code best practices
The Future of Serverless Inference for Large Language Models
Google DeepMind Researchers Propose WARM: A Novel Approach to Tackle Reward Hacking in Large Language Models Using Weight-Averaged Reward Models
Product Managers, Designers, and Devs: What Does Their Future Look Like in a World Filled With AI?
This AI Paper from Sun Yat-sen University and Tencent AI Lab Introduces FUSELLM: Pioneering the Fusion of Diverse Large Language Models for Enhanced Capabilities
Nightshade, the tool that 'poisons' data, gives artists a fighting chance against AI
Unite.AI: Exponential Insights Newsletter is Launched & AI Powered
The Fallout from the Taylor Swift AI Porn Could Be Huge
AI is supposed to make us more efficient    but it could mean we waste more energy
AI News: The Mind-Blowing World of AI Video
Modeling Fighters and Drones Using System Modeler
10 Questions about AI and the Future - Answering Fan Mail - Dangers, Risks, and Rewards Ahead!
TaskingAI: Easily Build LLM Apps and Agents With Your Data! (Opensource)
This Week's New Ways to Use AI
L5: Magical Img2Img Render + WD14 in ComfyUI  - Comfy Academy
What's New in Wolfram Video?
File Formats Any Data Scientist Cares About
State of the Front End
Notebook Assets
Google and HuggingFace Partner in Boost to Open Source AI
How AI Companies Can Prove Competitiveness
Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 140]
Everything Chess with the Wolfram Chess Paclet
New in System Modeler
AI-Based Environmentally Sustainable Cardiovascular Disease Diagnostic
What's New in Wolfram Image & Audio?
Education Innovation
The Wolfram Compiler
Integrating System Modeler and Finite Element Analysis
Reinventing Retail with AI | I AM AI
GPT-5: Everything You Need to Know So Far
Satya Nadella says the explicit Taylor Swift AI fakes are 'alarming and terrible'
White House calls for legislation to stop Taylor Swift AI fakes
The White House: Taylor Swift AI Porn Is  Alarming
Scientists design a two-legged robot powered by muscle tissue
Quoting Steven Levy (in 1984)
DigitalOcean now has H100 clusters with 3.2 TB of networking
Switching to statistics
Meet Orion-14B: A New Open-source Multilingual Large Language Model Trained on 2.5T Tokens Including Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean
Why (and How) I Learned Web Development as a Data Scientist
Taylor Swift, Joe Biden, Dead Kids: Fake AI Content Floods In
[D] Any decent audio labeling tools?
Researchers from the Tokyo Institute of Technology Introduce ProtHyena: A Fast and Efficient Foundation Protein Language Model at Single Amino Acid Resolution
Younger workers are actually using AI on the job less than Gen X and millennials
Privacy-preserving technologies are about to have their hockey-stick moment
ElevenLabs reportedly banned the account that deepfaked Biden's voice with its AI tools
I'm getting bored of plotly and the usual options. Is there anything new and fancy?
ChatGPT's new  @GPT  feature paves the way for OpenAI's vision of a universal assistant
Google's Bard has just made a stunning leap, surpassing GPT-4 to the SECOND SPOT on the leaderboard!
Intel CEO Gelsinger on Q1 Forecast, AI and Talent
Talk to Donald : OpenAI lets political chatbots run free in its GPT Store
Is there still room for a minimalist aproch?[D]
Prompt engineering: Longer  Chain of Thoughts  improves language model performance
Google releases new Bard Gemini model that is on par with GPT-4 in human evaluation
I'm ignorant about AI and don't want to be left behind. What is AI actually capable of that I should know so that I don't get left in the dust?
Google AI Presents Lumiere: A Space-Time Diffusion Model for Video Generation
What AI can summarize YouTube videos and Spotify podcasts, any free?
Meet the Creator of       Llama
[D] How do you keep motivated to stay up-to-date with the trends?
Some Thoughts on Operationalizing LLM Applications
[D] Can't land a job in machine learning Boston
Google's Gemini Pro Beats GPT-4
Mental Health Therapy as an LLM State Machine
This AI Paper from Adobe and UCSD Presents DITTO: A General-Purpose AI Framework for Controlling Pre-Trained Text-to-Music Diffusion Models at Inference-Time via Optimizing Initial Noise Latents
Meet PriomptiPy: A Python Library to Budget Tokens and Dynamically Render Prompts for LLMs
Deploying Large Language Models with SageMaker Asynchronous Inference
AI's Achilles Heel ? New research by U of Copenhagen first to  mathematically prove  limitations in AI algorithms preventing anything beyond simple problems from maintaining stability
Mastering Airflow Variables
What's New in Chemical Education?
New Developments in Wolfram Chemistry
Tame Your Data Constrained Spline Regression
AI is changing the job landscape. What will be the new entry level jobs it creates?
State of the Wolfram Cloud
The Layers of Trustworthy AI Revisited [AI Today Podcast]
Neural Network Research with Wolfram Language
[D] Is there a technical term for  LLM that has been trained to accurately answer questions about a narrow subject area?
A look at the US Copyright Office, which is in the spotlight as it plans to release three key reports in 2024 revealing its position on copyright law and AI (Cecilia Kang/New York Times)
[D] Looking for ppl to read ML fundamental papers together
3 Ways to Stay Ahead in an AI World
People are worried that AI will take everyone's jobs. We've been here before.
Experts Warn North Korea Is Using AI Nefarious Purposes
The Books We Can't Wait To Read in 2024
A long-lasting neural probe
Microsoft Copilot: Copilot Pro, Copilot for Microsoft 365, Copilot GPT and More
Critical 2024 AI policy blueprint: Unlocking potential and safeguarding against workplace risks
AI State Machines - State Agents - State Spaces explained
New AI detection tool measures how  surprising  word choices are
5 reasons you should update your Google Pixel phone ASAP
This Machine Learning Survey Paper from China Illuminates the Path to Resource-Efficient Large Foundation Models: A Deep Dive into the Balancing Act of Performance and Sustainability
306 Stories To Learn About Artificial Intelligence
Generative AI News Rundown - ChatGPT Goes to College, The Government Investigates Gen AI, Google Faces Precarious Choices, and More
AI is supposed to make us more efficient   but it could mean we waste more energy
This AI Report from the Illinois Institute of Technology Presents Opportunities and Challenges of Combating Misinformation with LLMs
Lumiere: Google's Groundbreaking AI Video Model
If anyone can get the US government to take deepfake porn seriously, it's Swifties | Arwa Mahdawi
Chrome's upcoming  Help Me Write  experimental AI feature could be a key step in making the web a place where most words are written by bots instead of people (John Herrman/New York Magazine)
De-Coded: Understanding Context Windows for Transformer Models
90 Stories To Learn About Artificial Intelligence Trends
Getting Started With Python as a Geoscientist? Here Are 5 Ways You Can Improve Your Code!
Where's the best place to find a robot cat? The library, of course
Large Language Models, GPT-1   Generative Pre-Trained Transformer
Torchtext problem. i'm having a problem trying to create a torchtext dataset using a csv. I try reading the documentation but it's confusing to me. I also try using torchtext.legacy but its deprecated. 'text', and 'target' are the cols that i want to
139 Stories To Learn About Ai Trends
How I'd Learn Machine Learning (If I Could Start Over)
My experience using Open AI completion API in a Node.js application
FTC Launches Inquiry Into Generative AI Investments
Google's Lumiere brings AI video closer to real than unreal
Reply Bots Selling Mugs With Garbled AI Nonsense on Them
Leaked Google Memo Shows Aimless Execs Basically Worshiping AI
If you use AI to teach you how to code, remember you still need to think for yourself
Serializing Python Object Using the pickle Module
Equinix Launches Private Cloud Service for NVIDIA AI Supercomputing
How to Find the Best Multilingual Embedding Model for Your RAG
OpenAI Issues Patch to Fix GPT-4's Alleged Laziness
As AI Destroys Search Results, Google Fires Workers in Charge of Improving It
[D] Do my interests intersect with the day to day duties of typical ML engineers?
The Articulation Barrier: Prompt-Driven AI UX Hurts Usability
White House responds to AI-faked Taylor Swift nudes, calls for regulation
Mixtral goes Mainstream with BRAVE!!!
NVIDIA's New AI: 50x Smaller Virtual Worlds!
LLMs as Augmentations of Human Intelligence
Deal Dive: Can AI fix lost and found?
Elon Musk says his AI startup xAI is  not raising capital
Microsoft's latest build for Windows 11 offers slew of new features
Can AI do ugly?
Profitable, AI-powered companies with no employees to arrive  next year
data science jobs involving Reinforcement Learning [Q]
[D] Is  feature dilution  a recognised phenomenon in deep neural networks and how to combat it
This AI Paper from ETH Zurich, Google, and Max Plank Proposes an Effective AI Strategy to Boost the Performance of Reward Models for RLHF (Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback)
Quoting George Carlin's Estate Sues Podcasters Over A.I. Episode
X appears to block Taylor Swift searches... barely
Researchers from Stanford and OpenAI Introduce 'Meta-Prompting': An Effective Scaffolding Technique Designed to Enhance the Functionality of Language Models in a Task-Agnostic Manner
Getting Started with GitHub Actions
Disney's VR treadmill, OpenAI fixes 'lazy' GPT-4, and Apple rolls out stolen device protection
Debate: Is AI companionship healthy?
WhatsR   An R-Package for processing exported WhatsApp Chat Logs
How do you reconcile peak hype in AI with a tough job market in AI? [D]
The Noonification: What Educators Need to Know About Cybersecurity (1/27/2024)
Simon Willison interview: AI software still needs the human touch
Tech Giants Cut Thousands of Jobs in Major Shift Towards AI
Train Humans, Not AI
INSTALL UPDATED UNCENSORED FaceGen Ai WebUI LOCALLY in 1 CLICK!
Midjourney Alpha, Krea LIVE AI and NEXT LEVEL AI Art
Machine Learning in NodeJS || Part 1: TensorflowJS Basics
The Biden admin plans to use the Defense Production Act to require companies to inform the Commerce Department when they start training high-powered AI models (Will Knight/Wired)
OpenAI has Text to Speech Support now!
I used Google's new AI Art Selfie feature to become a 'Girl with a Pearl Earring'
30+ ChatGPT AI Prompts That Are Short, Silly, But Highly EFFECTIVE! + Examples
Java vs. Python: An Introduction to Two Powerful Programming Languages
X blocks searches about Taylor Swift as a  temporary action and done with an abundance of caution , days after explicit AI-generated images of her flooded X (Wall Street Journal)
[D] Why do we keep calling  generation  models  generative  models?
[D] The variational autoencoder is now 10 years old
Meet LangGraph: An AI Library for Building Stateful, Multi-Actor Applications with LLMs Built on Top of LangChain
SAG-AFTRA hits out at AI Taylor Swift deepfakes and George Carlin special, calls to make nonconsensual 'fake images' illegal
LiveChatAI
[R] DeepSeek-Coder: When the Large Language Model Meets Programming -- The Rise of Code Intelligence - DeepSeek-AI 2024 - SOTA open-source coding model that surpasses GPT-3.5 and Codex while being unrestricted in research and commercial use!
AI navigator by Nexa AI
5 Best Courses on Vector Database
Adept AI Introduces Fuyu-Heavy: A New Multimodal Model Designed Specifically for Digital Agents
Stanford U & Open AI's Meta-Prompting Elevates Language Model Performance, Surpassing Standard Prompting by 17%
[N][P] Various chess language model news, including the release of open source language models that play chess at a purported Elo of up to 1500
How data engineers should prepare for an AI world
RoboChem Leads the Way in AI-Driven Chemical Research Automation
The Cult of AI
ChatGPT Team
This AI Paper from the University of Washington Proposes Cross-lingual Expert Language Models (X-ELM): A New Frontier in Overcoming Multilingual Model Limitations
Getting Started With CUDA for Python Programmers
Tech Positivity | Ep 7: Drive into the Future with GenAI | Mercedes' Mind-Blowing Musical Car
The Evolution of Technology
LlamaIndex Webinar: Efficient Parallel Function Calling Agents with LLMCompiler
DeepSeek LLM NEW Model: Best Opensource Coding Model - Closest to GPT-4!
Data Machina #238
7 Super Helpful AI Tools Every Developer Should Know
PRISM: AI models may help detect pancreatic cancer earlier
ChatGPT is Offering 10+ FREE Courses
New Gemini Pro Better than GP-4? Huge Performance Boost on    Chatbot Arena
Google Debuting Chrome Feature Where AI Writes Your Posts For You
The LLMcorns: 4 New Billion Dollar Gen AI Valuations in One Week
Docker Essentials: Streamlining Multi-Service Application Orchestra
The Unsung Hero of Machine Learning   Linear Algebra
From Good to Great: Elevating Model Performance through Hyperparameter Tuning
Multi-Label Image Classification using AutoKeras.
Midjourney v6   Now with Vary(Region) in-painting
[D] Best Practices for Semantic Search on 200k vectors (30GB) Worth of Embeddings?
Prompt Engineering Guide for Open LLM: Take Your Open LLM Application to the Next Level
[D] CVPR 2024 Rebuttals
Europe's blue-chip stocks index Euro Stoxx 50 hits its highest level since 2001, with ASML and SAP, the region's two biggest tech stocks, leading the charge (Michael Msika/Bloomberg)
[D] What are the OUTPUT embeddings in transformer? Where does it come from? (not the input embeddings)
Startups must strategize and budget for AI-assisted software development in 2024
Midjourney's V6 update brings Pan, Zoom, Vary and broader website access
AI within an AI: Meta-prompting can improve the reasoning capabilities of large language models
Anthropic Confirms Data Leak Amid FTC Probe
Will project cyc potentially add anything to current LLMs?
The 5 Advantages European Startups Have
Deepfakes: How to empower youth to fight the threat of misinformation and disinformation
Why Rip Off Creatives, If Generative AI Can Play Fair?
Be a inventer Not 'Frameworker'
Chat Analyzer   From Raw Chats To Data Insights
[P] I created an open source python tool to quickly visualize and interactively select time series data to be used in machine learning and data science: The Visual Pandas Selector. I hope it can help others on their ML journey!
Apple, Samsung expose Microsoft's real AI challenge (Hint: It rhymes with bust)
China shifting its investment strategy from large-scale infrastructure projects to high technology, including AI
How to build a zero-ETL DynamoDB integration with OpenSearch Service using AWS CDK
214 Stories To Learn About Computer Vision
80 Stories To Learn About Artificial Intellingence
84 Stories To Learn About Chatbot
The source of the cake dataset
Customizing sk-learn Models and Pipelines
Feel worthless for not getting any raise and small bonus this year
AI-Driven Quantum Simulations and the Future of Scientific Discovery with Fernando Pinuaga, VP of SandboxAQ (Alphabet)
100% Local Tiny AI Vision Language Model (1.6B) - Very Impressive!!
How to Stay Ahead in an AI World
A woman in China has decided to leave her $2.8m fortune to her dogs and cats and nothing to her children, says report
UPDATE #2: I built an app to make my job search a little more sane, and I thought others might like it too! No ads, no recruiter spam, etc.
ColBERT query-passage scoring interpretability
How to Generate Unique QR Code Event Passes with Python
Tech layoffs and share prices don't add up: Cutting costs at financial peaks?
The EASIEST Local LLM App (OpenAI-compatible API)!!!
How to Monitor a Computer Vision Model in Production?
[D] how to make my training faster ?
[P] TensorRT-LLM Backend for WhisperS2T (~2x Speedup than CTranslate2)
Google AI Research Proposes SpatialVLM: A Data Synthesis and Pre-Training Mechanism to Enhance Vision-Language Model VLM Spatial Reasoning Capabilities
Readings from the Book
Instacart is using AI art. It's incredibly unappetizing.
This AI Paper from China Introduces StreamVoice: A Novel Language Model-Based Zero-Shot Voice Conversion System Designed for Streaming Scenarios
How do I Know I am no Longer a Beginner?
LWiAI Podcast #152 - live translation on phones, Meta aims at AGI, AlphaGeometry, political deepfakes, and more!
Do you have LLMs in prod at work? If so, what for? [D]
Considering The Ethical Responsibilities Of ML And AI Engineers
Samsung to build chip factory run by entirely AI. No human labor involved
Teaching AI to see websites like a human made it more capable
Q&A with Simon Willison, Django co-creator and an influential observer of AI software, on copyright concerns over AI, open-source AI models, LLMs, and more (Thomas Claburn/The Register)
Recapping the Cloud Amplifier and Snowflake Demo
llm-embed-onnx
Researchers from KAIST and the University of Washington have introduced 'LANGBRIDGE': A Zero-Shot AI Approach to Adapt Language Models for Multilingual Reasoning Tasks without Multilingual Supervision
Brown Alum Raising Funds for AI to Fix China College Exam Ordeal
Women in geo: the role of internships and mentorship
OpenAI Uses Technique Created By Indian Developers
Microsoft, ETH Zurich Introduce SliceGPT For Compressing LLMs
Arc's new iPhone browser wants to be your search companion
Arc Search combines browser, search engine, and AI into something new and different
AI Music Generated by Personal-Made Music similar to Stable Diffusion and Image Generation
China's AI boom continues as 40 new models clear regulatory hurdles for public use
Becoming a Data Scientist from ME
Centralising Data Governance through a Data Catalog
Visual Studio GitHub Copilot Extension Introduces New Features and Enhancements
Tuebora launches  Ask Tuebora
The role of the CPU in sustainable AI/ML
[D] LLM experts who don't know basics?
Alteryx appoints Kevin Rubin as Interim Chief Executive Officer
US Wants Cloud Firms to Reveal Foreign Clients in China AI Race
What is the best OCR (Optical character recognition). Need open source alternative to PDNod and Google [D]
Top-performing companies tie tech spend to strategic priorities
[D] Why is it assumed that using NN connections to implicitly learn and store information is more optimal than learnable vectors?
6 Job Openings in India for Responsible AI and Ethics
[R] Can someone please explain the differences between the 3 types of Hopfield Layers in  Hopfield Networks is all you Need ?
DS in US defense companies
Normalization Technique
Having a Comprehensive Dashboard Strategy for Analytics Managers
China has approved more than 40 large language models for public use since authorities began the approval process in August 2023; 14 were approved last week (Josh Ye/Reuters)
Weave
Researchers from San Jose State University Propose TempRALM: A Temporally-Aware Retriever Augmented Language Model (Ralm) with Few-shot Learning Extensions
LLM Search Engine Shamelessly Spins Fluff
Spotify and Palantir alumni raise $3m for AI audio platform
Embarking on a Data-Driven Journey: Exploring Monitoring and Evaluation
Microsoft Chief Satya Nadella to Visit Bengaluru in February to Meet with AI Startups
Arvin
Do You Really Know *args In Python?
MyCase and Clearbrief launch Dynamic A.I. Integration
The Hallucinations Leaderboard, an Open Effort to Measure Hallucinations in Large Language Models
Searching for ML papers given a specific approach [R]
Cypher Generation: The Good, The Bad and The Messy
Researchers use AI to develop early flood warning system
Alibaba Researchers Introduce Ditto: A Revolutionary Self-Alignment Method to Enhance Role-Play in Large Language Models Beyond GPT-4 Standards
Building a Dropdown Menu in React: A Step-by-Step Guide
Cotton Disease Classification Using Vision Transformer and Visualizing Attention Maps
Data Warehouse Design Patterns
PennyFlo
Machine Learning Model Training: a Guide for Businesses
What To Expect For AI in 2024?
Next Level SD 1.5 Based Models Training - Took Me 70+ Empirical Trainings To Find Out
Domo.AI named a Finalist in the 2023-2024 Cloud Awards
Freedom of information laws are key to exposing AI wrongdoing. The current system isn't up to the task
Samsung to Integrate Baidu's Ernie AI in Latest Galaxy Phones
My StreamLit Sprint: Precise GPT-4 Prompting For Dashboard Visuals
This AI Paper Explains the Deep Learning's Revolutionizing Role in Mapping Genotypic Fitness Landscapes
X blocks Taylor Swift searches over explicit AI-generated images
Zebras, AI and accelerators that aren't just accelerators: What's giving insurtech an advantage?
Nvidia's Big Tech Rivals Put Their Own A.I. Chips on the Table
Nearly $5 Trillion was Added to Tech Titans in 2023
[D] what's the proper way of doing direct preference optimization (DPO) and why?
Podcast: Sam Partee on Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Large language models validate misinformation, according to research
Google's  AI Opportunity whitepaper  aims to guide ASEAN governments in adopting AI
Hottest Job in Corporate America? The Executive in Charge of A.I.
4 new AI features for developers in SingleStoreDB
Cognizant Partners with ServiceNow for Generative AI-Powered Digital Workspace
China approves over 40 AI models for public use in six months
How get an AI Job - Capstone Project, Communication Skills + Red Flags & Green Flags
The future of data science teams - Barry McCardel - The Data Scientist Show #078
Streamlining Customer Interactions Across the Enterprise - with Ivan Edwards of Cadence Bank
Horizon Zero Dawn-Forbidden West Inspired Characters and Machines
RNN just outperformed TRANSFORMERS!!!
Build A Data Lake For Your Security Logs With Scanner
MultiON: Your Personal AI Agent - Rabbit R1 Alternative That is FREE!
AlphaGeometry: An Olympiad Level AI System for Geometry by Google Deepmind
Top 10 GPTs to Learn Coding
BullFrog AI announced two new additions Scientific Advisory Board
Italy Watchdog Says OpenAI's ChatGPT Breaches Privacy Laws
Looking to 2024: Data, AI and Security will be Top Priorities for Businesses
Japan's Moon probe regains power after landing upside-down nine days ago
The Low-Code Market Could Approach $50 Billion By 2028
OpenAI faces renewed data privacy pressure in Italy
Price Drop: Write Long-Form Content in Seconds With This Leading AI Tool
How to get started to become an  AI Developer  (Beginner Friendly)
WEBINAR: Beyond fine-tuning. Approaches in LLM optimization
Compa grabs more capital amid customer quest for real-time compensation data
Microsoft adds Copilot Pro support to iPhone and Android apps
Adversarial Learning with Keras and TensorFlow (Part 3): Exploring Adversarial Attacks Using Neural Structured Learning (NSL)
What I Learned From Using ChatGPT for Data Science
The AI-powered crystal ball: Advance marketing in a collaborative age
Eagle 7B RNN Model Surpasses Transformers in Performance
ChatGPT is violating Europe's privacy laws, Italian DPA tells OpenAI
Japan's SLIM lunar probe returns to life more than a week after landing upside down
Elon Musk compares the AI race to playing poker &mdash; you need to spend billions every year just to sit at the table
Jump-start Your RAG Pipelines with Advanced Retrieval LlamaPacks and Benchmark with Lighthouz AI
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra review: all that and AI
Microsoft's AI Coding Product Becomes Weapon in Battle with AWS
How Google, Meta, Microsoft, and others balance developing specialized AI chips with their relationship with Nvidia, which has an estimated 70% of AI chip sales (New York Times)
The George Carlin 'AI' Standup Creators Now Say a Human Wrote the Jokes
Google's Art Selfie 2 Uses AI to Turn You Into a Renaissance Painting
After fake AI images of Taylor Swift went viral, Microsoft adds safeguards to its AI text-to-image tool Designer; Microsoft couldn't verify if Designer was used (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
Cruise being investigated over car crash that dragged victim along the road
Animation, VFX, Extended Reality to Generate 30,000 Jobs by 2028: Karnataka CM
Canon plans to disrupt chipmaking with low-cost  stamp  machine
The Download: AI job panic, and concussion-preventing mouthguards
Teaching AI to  see  websites like we do made it much more capable
Arc browser comes to the iPhone as a stripped-down, AI-powered search tool
FLaNK Stack 29 Jan 2024
How language models can teach themselves to follow instructions
AMD Ryzen 7 8700G Review: Most Powerful Integrated Graphics
Learn with LinkedIn: Free Courses About AI
6 Must-Read White Papers For Developers
Can Taylor Swift Save Humanity From AI's Dark Side?
320 Stories To Learn About Deep Learning
Are there any AI image creators that have no restrictions?
Winnow unveils Groundbreaking AI-Powered Legal Search Assistant
2024 may be the year AI learns in the palm of your hand
Intel says major AI enhancements expected in Panther, Arrow, and Lunar Lake chips
Refact aims to make code-generating AI more appealing to enterprises
The Morning After: That AI-generated George Carlin comedy special was written by humans
Chinese AR Glasses Maker Raises $60 Million to Compete With Apple
When GPTs communicate with each other
Java News Roundup: WildFly 31, Eclipse Store 1.1, Liberica NIK, Quarkus, JHipster Lite
Google and Microsoft Are Under Pressure to Disclose AI Earnings
Robot trained to read braille at twice the speed of humans
Taylor Swift AI Porn Forces X to Finally Moderate Its Content
How does a LLM understand your question?
Predicting 12 Artificial Intelligence Trends for 2024
Italy puts ChatGPT on notice for alleged privacy missteps (yes, again)
Meta Releases Code Llama 70B
Anthropic's Antitrust Advantage
Boost your data & AI skills with our latest offerings: Databricks Academy Labs and Blended Learning
Uniting Africa with Umoja: The Africai Vision
Black hole 'particle accelerators' are causing mysterious cosmic rays to rain down on Earth at the speed of light
This new iPhone app fuses AI with web search, saving you time and energy
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra review: bright screen, anti-glare, Circle to Search, great camera, and seven years of updates, but pricey, heavy, and AI is a mixed bag (Allison Johnson/The Verge)
Cap VC wants to be the AI-powered 'operating system' for VCs
Apple's Vision Pro faces an uphill battle
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman explores AI chip collaboration with Samsung and SK Group
Must-Have Prompt Engineering Skills for 2024
Shortwave email client will show AI-powered summaries automatically
Last Week in AI #255: AI voice scams, flood of bad AI translations, self-rewarding LLMs, FTC probes AI partnerships of tech giants, and more!
Natural Language Processing: Bridging Human Communication with AI
Accessing Perplexity Online LLMs Programmatically Via API
Sema4.ai, a three-month-old startup led by ex-Cloudera CEO Rob Bearden aiming to automate business tasks with AI, raised $30.5M and acquires AI startup Robocorp (Priya Anand/Bloomberg)
As layoffs deepen, AI's role in the cuts is murky   but it definitely has one
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is passionate about having toilets in his $2 billion arena
60 Stories To Learn About Conversational Ai
Financial services introducing AI but hindered by data issues
[D] How to divide a chunk for RAG
Model merging lessons in The Waifu Research Department
Ex-Cloudera CEO Bearden Raises $30.5 Million for New AI Startup
US Lawmakers Tell DOJ to Quit Blindly Funding 'Predictive' Police Tools
Biden-Harris Administration Announces Key AI Actions Following President Biden's Landmark Executive Order
Emulating the Attention Mechanism in Transformer Models with a Fully Convolutional Network
AI is supposed to make us more efficient, but it could mean we waste more energy
Opinion: Freedom of information laws key to exposing AI wrongdoing. The current system isn't up to the task
Navigating the Misinformation Era: The Case for Data-Centric Generative AI
Bayesian NNs vs. learning variance and mean [Discussion]
Evaluating Large Language Models: A Technical Guide
Microsoft CEO Horrified by AI-Generated Taylor Swift Images
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra first reviews are out to positive impressions
Researchers harness large language models to accelerate materials discovery
Text Generation with GPT
Google's Lumiere: New AI Model that Creates Realistic Videos
An Interactive Visualisation for your Graph Neural Network Explanations
The $880 billion U.S. military budget for 2024 probably spends more on AI than Google and Meta combined. They should share their results with the U.S. public.
Meet MaLA-500: A Novel Large Language Model Designed to Cover an Extensive Range of 534 Languages
How to Train an Instance Segmentation Model with No Training Data
X blocking  Taylor Swift  searches as explicit AI images spread is a blunt measure to accomplish a basic moderation task, after gutting  trust and safety  staff (Washington Post)
Fraud Detection with Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs)
Gru's Talent Strategy: Checklist for Building Your Dream Team
AI spam is already starting to ruin the internet
Scientists Find Evidence Alzheimer's Can Be Transmissible
Utilizing active microparticles for artificial intelligence
Galaxy S24 Ultra review: Samsung's AI reinforcements have arrived
Cornell Researchers Unveil MambaByte: A Game-Changing Language Model Outperforming MegaByte
Fingerprinting with machine vision
Tomorrow.io's radar satellites use machine learning to punch well above their weight
Code Llama 2: Meta's latest open-source LLM for code beats GPT-4 in coding benchmark
Graphcast: How to Get Things Done
Building and Deploying Real-World RAG Applications with Ram Sriharsha - #669
Store embeddings in Azure Cosmos DB for PostgreSQL with pgvector
Ryzen 8000G review: An integrated GPU that can beat a graphics card, for a price
FTC Opens Probe into OpenAI, Anthropic and Cloud Partners
Basta! Italy Concludes ChatGPT Violates Data Privacy Laws
Japan's SLIM Lunar Lander Back Online After Precise but Awkward Landing
Is real estate transaction data publicly available?
Twitter's Idiotic Response to AI Porn: Block All Searches for  Taylor Swift
Using Poetry and Docker to package your model for AWS Lambda
Amazon to Offer Buy Now, Pay Later in Mexico via Fintech Kueski
OpenAI partners with Common Sense Media to collaborate on AI guidelines
[D] LLMs beyond RAG
The Best Free AI Art Generators, Ranked
Meta releases Code Llama 70B, a new version of its code generation model, featuring improved code correctness, a variant optimized for Python, and more (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
[d] Code Llama, a state-of-the-art large language model for coding
OpenAI partners with Common Sense Media on new AI guidelines, curating a family-friendly section of OpenAI's GPT Store, educational materials, and more (Ina Fried/Axios)
Cult-favorite fashion brand Selkie used AI to design its new clothes, and fans are disappointed
Weekly Top Picks #60
Celebrating 10 years of WebLab Technology: Our Story of Growing Through Dedicated Teams
Observable notebook: URL to download a GitHub repository as a zip file
4   Advanced Python Concepts Every Programmer Needs
Market Leaders Embracing AI: A Disruptive Opportunity for Startups!
9.7. Optimize with H2O Hydrogen Torch for peak model performance
Meta AI's LARGEST CodeLlama BEATS GPT-4, Gemini PRO!!!
How To Install CodeLlama 70B Locally For FREE! (EASY)
Very small vision language model!!! (MoonDream V1)
Australia's First Female-Owned Sex Doll Company
New app effectively aids blind and visually impaired commuters in finding bus stops
From chaos to clarity with AI-driven categorization
Meta's 6 Tips to Improve Your Prompts for Llama 2
After a months-long probe, Italy's data protection authority tells OpenAI that it's suspected of violating EU privacy regulations, giving it 30 days to respond (Natasha Lomas/TechCrunch)
This AI Paper from Google Unveils a Groundbreaking Non-Autoregressive, LM-Fused ASR System for Superior Multilingual Speech Recognition
Apple iOS 18 expected to be a big software update, iPhone could be getting AI features
New GitHub Copilot Chat AI Features Help Set the Intent: 'This Is the Future'
AI for Web Devs: How to Generate Images Using AI
Deep Learning is Rubbish   Karl Friston & Yann LeCun's Panel at the Davos 2024 World Economic Forum
Are We Underestimating GenAI's Impact?
South Korea-based Rebellions, which develops AI chips, raised a ~$124M Series B led by KT at a ~$658M post-money valuation, taking its total raised to ~$210M (Kate Park/TechCrunch)
AI Startup Roundup: Elon Musk's xAI Looking to Raise up to $6 Billion
R For SEO Part 4: Functions
AI Chip Startup Rebellions Gets $124 Million in KT-Led Funding
Norway's $1.5 Trillion Wealth Fund Boosted Tech Stock Holdings
External vectorization
Rebellions lands $124M to develop its new AI Rebel chip with Samsung
Musk Says First Human Patient Has Received Brain Implant
Meta's free Code Llama AI programming tool closes the gap with GPT-4
Playing with webr
Maixtchup: Make Your Own Mixture of Experts with Mergekit
How to use H100 Single and Multi-GPU machines with Paperspace
What the Antlion Knows
Neuralink's brain chip has been implanted in a human, Elon Musk says
Elon Musk Says Neuralink Has Implanted Its Chip in a Human for the First Time
Basic Input/Output in Python
OpenAI and Common Sense Media partner to protect teens from AI harms and misuse
This AI Paper from China Introduces DREditor: A Time-Efficient AI Approach for Building a Domain-Specific Dense Retrieval Model
Enhancing Low-Level Visual Skills in Language Models: Qualcomm AI Research Proposes the Look, Remember, and Reason (LRR) Multi-Modal Language Model
AI for Web Devs: AI Image Generation
What's new in pandas 2.2
It took Taylor Swift deepfake nudes to focus Uncle Sam, Microsoft on AI safety
Gen AI and quantum to design new drugs: Paris-based Aqemia completes  60m Series A
Code Llama 70B
Do data scientists need domain knowledge?
Using the 'RowReorder' extension in a Shiny app
Predicting Population Decline with Python
Google and UT Austin's Game-Changing Approach Distills Vision-Language Models on Millions of Videos
Biden is halting China's AI development through US cloud firms
Can an AI bot improve people's health and wellbeing?
Microsoft's vision for the future of work is you trusting Redmond to get AI right
OpenAI and CommonSense Media team up to curate family-friendly GPTs
Italian watchdog says ChatGPT breached data privacy norms
OpenAI Got 99 Problems, But Gary Ain't One
Essential AI & Google Cloud announced a new multi-year partnership
AI can better retain what it learns by mimicking human sleep
The Real Reason Behind Google's Recent 'Layoffs'
[D] 3d object search using LLM + RAG
Microsoft Edge's latest AI tool sends open websites to Microsoft
Trust Stamp announced alliance with ManTech
Generative AI Seen as Helping to Identify M&amp;A Targets, Bain Says
A Comprehensive Guide to Inset Axes in Matplotlib
This AI Paper Introduces RPG: A New Training-Free Text-to-Image Generation/Editing Framework that Harnesses the Powerful Chain-of-Thought Reasoning Ability of Multimodal LLMs
OpenAI Partners With Common Sense Media to Make ChatGPT Family Friendly
ChatGPT is leaking passwords from private conversations of its users, Ars reader says
Machine learning approaches for early detection of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis based on clinical and blood parameters
Stop filing data misuse complaints, it's not cool
Microsoft Research India Extends Deadline for Research Fellow Program Applications to Feb 16, 2024
Zilliz Cloud
Building a Random Forest by Hand in Python
IBM AI Research Introduces Unitxt: An Innovative Library For Customizable Textual Data Preparation And Evaluation Tailored To Generative Language Models
4 Examples to Take Your PySpark Skills to Next Level
Researchers from Stanford Introduce CheXagent: An Instruction-Tuned Foundation Model Capable of Analyzing and Summarizing Chest X-rays
Musk says Neuralink implanted its first device in a human
A mysterious phone call cloned Biden's voice. Can the next one be stopped?
Georgie Purcell: Adobe casts doubt that Photoshop automation was to blame for Nine News editing of her image
WPP Plans to Use AI Investments to Boost Sluggish Sales Growth
Vector Search as a dedicated service
X has lifted its ban on Taylor Swift searches, and says it  will continue to be vigilant , following the spread of explicit AI-generated images of the singer (Wall Street Journal)
[D] Accelerating research on Attention: Blending Psychology and Machine Learning: Exploring Willpower and Interest in Attention Mechanisms
The AI boom has spurred law firms, hospitals, insurance companies, government agencies, and others to create chief AI officer roles to navigate the use of AI (Yiwen Lu/New York Times)
Elon Musk says Neuralink implanted its device in a human for the first time on January 28, and that the first Neuralink product is called Telepathy (Ashley Capoot/CNBC)
Elon Musk claims the first human patient has received a Neuralink brain implant
Norway's $1.6 Trillion Fund Returns 16% on AI-Driven Tech Surge
[D] Experiments with Mixtral-8x7B using Multiple Libraries - Got max 52 tokens/sec. Thoughts?
Everything to Know About Musk's Neuralink and Its First Human Brain Implant
Semron wants to replace chip transistors with 'memcapacitors'
Python is low-class. Switching to TypeScript
US Gov't Says AI Labs Need to Notify Them Around LLM Training
Fine-tuning Tiny LLM on Your Data | Sentiment Analysis with TinyLlama and LoRA on a Single GPU
We don't have the necessary mental health infrastructure to handle the coming consequences of AI.
AI Startup That Foils Data Breaches Gets Lightspeed Seed Funding
Google Update Reveals AI Will Read All Your Private Messages
Building a AI Assistant to chat with your documents using Next.js and OpenAI
Learn to Build LLMs Using this Latest GPT
What to dow ith 250 RTX 3080s [P]
Large Language Models and BERT - Chris Manning Stanford CoreNLP
Most cloud-based genAI performance stinks
GenAI is moving to your smartphone, PC and car   here's why
Italy says ChatGPT breached privacy rules
TransPerfect expands Australia Presence with New Office in Melbourne
AIhub monthly digest: January 2024    closed-loop robot planning, crowdsourced clustering, and trustworthiness in GPT models
[Exclusive] Tech Mahindra's Nikhil Malhotra on Making Foundational Models for India
Can ChatGPT drive my car? The case for LLMs in autonomy
The story of Neuralink: Elon Musk's AI brain-chip company that has implanted its first chip into a human patient
Generative AI Report   1/30/2024
Hugging Face and Google Cloud Announce Collaboration for Open AI Initiative
First local LLM to Beat GPT-4 on Coding | Codellama-70B
Building Next-Gen Apps with AI Agents @databutton  | Part 3
PSA on Social Anxiety - How I worked through mine (also I messed up)
Safe AI tools for young people: OpenAI and Common Sense Media form partnership
Processing Monalisa: Image processing with Scikit-image.
Banks are Working on Tech to Counter Deepfakes
10 Tips to Take Your ChatGPT Prompts to the Next Level
Deploying Open-Source Language Models on AWS Lambda
Inference.ai matches AI workloads with cloud GPU compute
Roadmap To Become An Expert In GenerativeAI In 2024
Yelp will use AI to tell you if that burger's any good
Why AI can't replace air traffic controllers
Kore.ai, which offers enterprise-focused conversational AI and GenAI tools, raised $150M led by FTV Capital, Nvidia, and others, taking its funding to ~$223M (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Step-by-Step prompt engineering proves key to GPT-4 brainstorming tasks
The Morning After: The verdict on Samsung's Galaxy S24 Ultra
Large Language Models
Elon Musk announces first human Neuralink implant patient, claims promising results
China just revealed plans to take on Elon Musk's Neuralink
The Download: how to combat deepfake porn, and Neuralink's first implant
p0 uses LLMs to save enterprises from code catastrophes
The GPT Store is Live: How Will it Affect AI Innovation?
ChatGPT user finds other people's private conversations and passwords in his history
Microsoft, Alphabet Under Pressure to Show AI Earnings Boost
Kore.ai, a startup building conversational AI for enterprises, raises $150M
The LLM Series #1: The Fast Track to Fine-Tuning Mastery with Azure
5 Free University Courses to Ace Coding Interviews
Yelp's new AI features include auto-generated business summaries, among other updates
Jio Launches 'Jio Brain', 5G Integrated Generative AI Service
Yelp launches revamped feed with AI-powered business summaries
Edge 365: Understanding LLM Reasoning with Reflexion
Nvidia Joins $150 Million Funding for AI Chatbot Maker Kore.ai
#81: World's Largest Ad Group Goes All-In on AI, Google Bard Surpasses GPT-4, and Introducing AI Literacy for All
String Functions in MySQL | Intermediate MySQL Series
753: Blend Any Programming Languages in Your ML Workflows   with Dr. Greg Michaelson
The REAL cost of LLM (And How to reduce 78%+ of Cost)
UPDATE: My (DEV)eloper Goals!
China is building its own AI at a rapid pace
Germany to Back EU AI Act as Digital Ministry Drops Opposition
It's not just hype; genAI is already live at many companies
Colorado lawmakers lead push on AI, warn of 'disastrous' consequences if tech is left alone
Codeium Is Valued at $500 Million in Financing Round
Siri to get a major upgrade with generative AI in upcoming iOS 18 update
Silicon Valley wants to get to your head &mdash; any way it can
Optimizing Small Language Models on a Free T4 GPU
Stability AI Releases 1.6 Billion Parameter Language Model Stable LM 2
[Project] AntiPython Compiler for Google Colab
Studio's new online school for musicians uses AI to create custom curriculums
Hello py script data scientists.
Direct Preference Optimization, Intuitively Explained
Now with $5M, Leal invests in AI-driven customer engagement for LatAm merchants
EY announces alliance with Reveal
12 RAG Pain Points and Proposed Solutions
Micro Graph Transformer Powering Small Language Models // Jon Cooke // #208
Ep - 11 | Rise of Data Centers in India: Miracle or Mess? | Beyond the code | AIM
India's first AI unicorn: Ola's Krutrim #llms #ai #fundraising #india #tech
Codeium, whose AI tools help companies write code, raised a $65M Series B led by Kleiner Perkins, a source says at a $500M valuation, and reports 300K+ users (Katie Roof/Bloomberg)
AI Companies Will Be Required to Report Safety Tests to U.S. Government
An AI-Generated Content Empire Is Spreading Fake Celebrity Images on Google
What Does a Data Engineering Job Involve in 2024?
Can ChatGPT Solve Mensa Puzzles?
The Rising Underdog In The Information's AI Chip Maker Database
Codeium raises $65 mn to bring Generative AI to Software Coding
Does ChatGPT Have The Potential To Become A New Chess Super Grandmaster?
Getting started predicting time series data with Facebook Prophet
Elon Musk's Neuralink puts brain chip in first human amid federal scrutiny
Announcing recipients of the AFMR Minority Serving Institutions grant
The future of AI could be great or catastrophic
33 Stories To Learn About Image Recognition
On Safari: A Hands-On With the New OM System OM-1 Mark II
GM plans to cut Cruise spending by half in 2024, or by ~$1B, but remains committed to the self-driving unit and will  soon  give a timeline to resume operations (Reuters)
More than just chatbots: Using context to build the future of in-app AI experiences
278 Stories To Learn About Machine Learning
Product Review: Microsoft Copilot Pro is Useful But has Flaws
Hulu Shows Jarring Anti-Hamas Ad Likely Generated With AI
A Step by Step Guide to Reading and Understanding SQL Queries
AI companies are merging or collaborating to even out the gap in access to vital datasets
The Math behind Adam Optimizer
OpenAI and Common Sense Media will promote safe AI use by families
[D] 3 years doing ML, no success yet. Is it common?
LangSmith's Latest Feature: Grouped Monitoring Charts
Heart failure monitoring startup, Acorai, turns heads with oversubscribed seed
Sam Altman to Attend  Intel's Event, Indicates Venturing into AI Chips
Sovereign AI: Nations Investing Billions in Homegrown AI
Communicate or Fail: The Underrated Skill That Tech Engineers Need
When the Mac was a  munition
China Plans to Take on Elon Musk's Neuralink in 2025
Chartpack - Product Monetization Models Part 3
Amazon's AI model lets you virtually try on clothes and furniture
Intro to OpenAI GPT-4 Text- Embedding-3 (New-Update)
Using Azure OpenAI Service (GPT-4) in .NET
Fudan University Researchers Introduce SpeechGPT-Gen: A 8B-Parameter Speech Large Language Model (SLLM) Efficient in Semantic and Perceptual Information Modeling
4 ways Google is trying to make teachers' lives easier with AI
How to Learn Unfamiliar Software Tools with ChatGPT
Why LLMs Used Alone Can't Address Your Company's Predictive Needs
Meta used copyright to protect its AI model, but argues against the law for everyone else
[D] No free lunch theorem and LLMs
Will AI companions help or hurt the  loneliness epidemic ?
How will AI impact the gambling industry?
urllib3 2.2.0
The New York Times is building a team to explore AI in the newsroom
How AI Is Being Used to Solve the Mental Health Crisis
Improving CLIP performance in training-free manner with few-shot examples
How the AI Boom is a Windfall for Tiny Anguilla
This AI newsletter is all you need #84
71% of musicians fear AI: French-German study
4 Ins and Outs of 2024: Vector Database Edition
The rapid advancement of AI is digitally transforming businesses. Here's what that means for business leaders.
Neuralink: What do brain implants do and why is Elon Musk making them?
LlamaEdge 0.2.9 is released! More LLMs supported. Shell script now work with any of the 3000+ GGUF repos on Hugging Face.
Here is another FREE AI WEBINAR: 'Create Embeddings on Real-Time Data with OpenAI & SingleStore Job Service' (Jan 31, 10 am-11 am PST)
Meta Boosts Code Generation with New Code Llama Model
ChatGPT Accused of Leaking User Passwords
280 Stories To Learn About Future Of Ai
You can now sign up to try a $2,000 AI headband that a startup says will help control your dreams
LangChain partners with Elastic to launch the Elastic AI Assistant
Introducing The Information's AI Chip Database
Uncertainty-Aware Language Agents are Changing the Game for OpenAI and LLaMA
New Microchip Breakthrough: New Era in Electronics?
Driving Infrastructure Transformations for New Generative AI Use Cases - with Steve Astorino of IBM
Is Sqream the fastest big data platform? (Ep. 250)
Top 5 Emerging Trends in 2024 | CareerFoundry Webinar
Elasticsearch in Action, Second Edition - First Chapter Summary
AI's Transformation in Professional Services with Joe Atkinson, Chief Products and Technology Officer at PwC
InstantID for Automatic 1111
Tutorial: How To Make and Share Custom GPTs
Building AI guardrails should be part of the process
Meet Eagle: The Low-Cost, High-Performance Multilingual Model
Law Enforcement Braces for Flood of Child Sex Abuse Images Generated by A.I.
A Bird's-Eye View of Linear Algebra: Rank-Nullity and Why Row Rank Equals Column Rank
[N] PyTorch 2.2: FlashAttention-v2, AOTInductor
Resources for Fraud Detection/Prevention
Sex and Politics: Deepfakes Make a Big Splash to Kick Off 2024
Robust Statistics for Data Scientists Part 1: Resilient Measures of Central Tendency and.
A Microsoft engineer tells WA's AG he found ways to exploit DALL-E 3 to make explicit images, reported it, but was then told to take down a public post about it (Todd Bishop/GeekWire)
Arc Search Became My Favorite iPhone Browser Within Minutes of Using It
Create a Specialist Chatbot with a Modern Toolset: Streamlit, GPT-4 and the Assistants API
Apple Sold Over 200,000 Vision Pro Headsets in 10 Days
pgroll
Samsung Confirms It's Considering Making You Pay for Galaxy AI in the Future
Big Data Career Notes: January 2024 Edition
Fintech Ramp acquires another AI-powered startup
Microsoft Reports 33% Rise in Profit
OM System's OM-1 Mark II offers improved autofocus and stabilization
Microsoft Researchers Developed MetaOpt: A Heuristic Analyzer Designed to Enable Operators to Examine, Explain, and Improve Heuristics' Performance before Deploying
[D] How to find collaborators
Webinar for R and Databases!  How Oracle Machine Learning for R Helps with ML and Massive Datasets
Google DeepMind Veteran Departs to Launch AI Agent Startup
Run Code Llama 70B with an API
Microsoft adds new Designer protections following Taylor Swift deepfake debacle
Using A.I., Hollywood Agency and Tech Start-Up Aim to Protect Artists
Machine sentience and you: What happens when machine learning goes too far
Microsoft Sales Top Estimates; Cloud Growth Disappoints Some
Modernizing the Data Center with Accelerated Networking
The Future of Chip Making: Using AI to Minimize Testing and Maximize Throughput
13 innovative AI tools that are changing content creators' work processes, from ideation to production to editing
Sam Altman Says GPT-5 Will Be 'Okay'
Create, Share, and Scale Enterprise AI Workflows with NVIDIA AI Workbench, Now in Beta
Creating new skills and new connections with MIT's Quantitative Methods Workshop
Yelp adds a slew of new features, including AI-generated business summaries
AMD's Weak Forecast Overshadows Prospects for AI Chips
Elon Musk's Neuralink has implanted its first device in a human being
Alphabet and Microsoft Earnings, Neuralink's Brain Implant | Bloomberg Technology
Rhyming AI-powered clock sometimes lies about the time, makes up words
How to Use Zero-Shot Classification for Sentiment Analysis
ChatGPT users can now invoke GPTs directly in chats
Generative AI Terminology   An evolving taxonomy to get you started
[P] Enhancing OpenPose Detection Using Self-Supervised Learning
Run LLM inference using Apple Hardware
How To Run Open-Source AI Models Locally With Ruby
Private GPT  on iPhone/iPad (Ollama-powered from Local PC)
OpenAI Launches Education and Safety Initiative
Large Action Models (LAMs) & Rabbits
Facebook Approves Disgusting Pro-Anorexia and Drug Ads Targeted at Teens and Made With Its Own AI
The Taylor Swift deepfake debacle was frustratingly preventable
The New York Times is building its own ChatGPT
Microsoft Copilot vs. Copilot Pro: Is the subscription fee worth it?
OpenAI launches the ability for paying ChatGPT users to invoke GPTs directly in chats by typing  @  and selecting a GPT from a list (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Microsoft's legal department allegedly silenced an engineer who raised concerns about DALL-E 3
Beej's Guide to Networking Concepts
Build Your Own Copilot: Adding Local Context in to Your Conversation
Meta Shelves App-Like Feature for AR in Latest Sign of a Pullback
Sundar Pichai says Alphabet's digital subscription services, including YouTube and Google One, are on a $15B annual revenue run rate, up fivefold since 2019 (Todd Spangler/Variety)
Meta's Self-Rewarding Models, the Key to SuperHuman LLMs?
Humanoid Robot Startup Figure AI in Funding Talks With Microsoft, OpenAI
It's true, LLMs are better than people   at creating convincing misinformation
Source: Figure, which is building a humanoid robot, is in talks to raise as much as $500M in a round led by Microsoft and OpenAI at a $1.9B pre-money valuation (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
SnapLogic unveils no-code tool for creating LLM-powered apps
21 AI Phone Apps You Won't Believe Are Free
PayPal lays off 2,500 workers one week after CEO announces 'new chapter'
This AI Paper from China Unveils 'Vary-toy': A Groundbreaking Compact Large Vision Language Model for Standard GPUs with Advanced Vision Vocabulary
Any AI ch atb ot that have no re strictions?
Replika's new AI therapy app tries to bring you to a zen island
CodeLlama 70B: The Best Opensource Coding LLM Beating GPT-4!
The Future of Art: AI, Creativity, and Human Co-Evolution - A Talk with Mariam Brian
Microsoft's Activision acquisition and bets on AI yield high quarterly revenue
How to make GPT-4 to write a good code for you
Making the Leap From Data Governance to AI Governance
[R] SERL: A software suite for training real-world RL from pixels in 25-50 minutes
Art in the Age of AI: Mariam Brian's Pioneering Vision for Holo Art
YouTube Talks Creators as Execs Promise More AI Tools
Elon Musk's Neuralink has Implanted its First Chip in a Human Brain. What's Next?
Don't Fix Bad Data, Do This Instead
DevRel Discussions
Optimizing Data Redundancy:   A Deep Dive into Cross-Region Replication Using Amazon S3 Batch Operation
SeamlessM4T: Revolutionizing Translation in a Multilingual and Multimodal World
Use CSS accent-color to style your inputs
Delaware Tells Musk 'No'; Alphabet and Microsoft's AI-Driven Earnings
This AI Paper Unveils the Future of MultiModal Large Language Models (MM-LLMs)   Understanding Their Evolution, Capabilities, and Impact on AI Research
Nero AI Video Upscaler
Researchers from Grammarly and the University of Minnesota Introduce CoEdIT: An AI-Based Text Editing System Designed to Provide Writing Assistance with a Natural Language Interface
Leprechaun AI
How to Add Preloader in HTML Page
NIKO-SEM: AI PCs, NEVs to Shine in 2024
Microsoft, OpenAI in Talks to Fund Figure AI's Humanoid Robots
Microsoft, Alphabet and AMD Struggle to Meet AI Expectations
Google Cloud Partners with Hugging Face for Generative AI Development
How To Customize the Browser's Scrollbar with CSS
Universal Music Group threatens to pull song catalog from TikTok in furious open letter
Astera Labs unveils PCI Express Cable Solutions
Por que a sua desorganizao financeira vai acabar com a sua carreira de dev!
Sources: the US stopped autonomous trucking firm TuSimple's shipment of Nvidia A100 chips to Australia to probe whether they were ultimately bound for China (Wall Street Journal)
I challenged Amazon Q with 3 cloud architecture questions
Lodown
Is there such a thing as a neural network made up of smaller neural networks?
Plyr.io Video Player - Integration - Skin Customizing - Adding Download Button
Restarting My Life: Mastering A.I.
Bain: as of September 2023, autonomous vehicles in China had driven a cumulative total of 70M kilometers, on par with the US, despite Beijing's safety concerns (Financial Times)
Paul Biggar Breaks Silence on Big Tech's Palestine Stance
Lawmakers propose anti-nonconsensual AI porn bill after Taylor Swift controversy
AI Is Key Factor for Chip Stocks Looking to Extend Record Highs
PyTorch 2.2 Releases New Features like the FlashAttention-v2 and AOTInductor
Consilio launches Complete AI Suite to Streamline eDiscovery
AI Can Speed Drug Discovery. But Is It Really Better Than a Human?
What do you think of this Data Science job requirements? Is it too advanced or is this the norm?
Prompt Engineering is Different for Open Source LLMs
OutSystems unveils AI and Low-Code Outlook for 2024
Sundar Pichai says Google One cloud storage service has nearly 100M subscribers
[D]Understanding Mamba: Recommended Resources
Understanding Junctions (Chains, Forks and Colliders) and the Role they Play in Causal Inference
OpenAI is Rolling Out 'GPT Mentions' in ChatGPT to Invoke Custom GPTs
5 Free NoSQL Database Certification Courses
Meet Spade: An AI Method for Automatically Synthesizing Assertions that Identify Bad LLM Outputs
Embed Your GitHub Repo Files like Gists Using EdGitHub
Poetroid Open Source Poetry-Printing Camera.
ByteDance Was Late to AI Party, CEO Says in All-Hands Meeting
The problem when AI startups bring people back from the dead
Corporate Data Governance and Organisational Success: Evolution and Challenges
Google AI Research Introduces GQA: Training Generalized Multi-Query Transformer Models from Multi-Head Checkpoints
How to add Fluid Player to Simple HTML5 Video Player in your website
GitHub Actions: Introducing the new M1 macOS runner available to open source!
Taylor Swift AI images prompt US bill to tackle nonconsensual, sexual deepfakes
OpenAI's GPT-4 finally meets its match: Scots Gaelic smashes safety guardrails
China puts homegrown GPUs and other AI infrastucture on its national to-do list
Building NLP chatbots with PyTorch
Basics of Reinforcement Learning for LLMs
A profile of UMG CEO Lucian Grainge, who helped record labels rake in billions of dollars from streaming and now hopes to do the same with generative AI (John Seabrook/New Yorker)
Tech Recovery Fuels Taiwan Economy's Fastest Growth in Two Years
GitHub Actions Explained
Lingua Franca   Entity-Aware Machine Translation Approach for Question Answering over Knowledge.
Microsoft and Alphabet earnings disappoint despite AI boom
Get PAID   for Building AI LLMs?? Nous says so!!!
UK and Canada sign AI compute agreement
Check Point Software Launches AI Tool for Cybersecurity
Telugu LLM Labs is Here with Native and Romanised Dataset
Machine learning for Java developers: Machine learning data pipelines
Advanced Math Useful for ML? [D]
ByteDance co-founder and CEO Liang Rubo urges staff to resist mediocrity after the company missed the initial wave of generative AI, in a company-wide meeting (Jane Zhang/Bloomberg)
Moveworks opens its first regional data center in Australia
8 Job Openings for Professionals Impacted by Recent Tech Layoffs
Data Analytics and Management: Harnessing Insights for Business Success
[Exclusive] Mindgrove Technologies' Shashwath TR on Making India's Most Secure Chip
Thunderbolt alternative OCuLink tested for eGPUs, Nvidia's RTX 4090 benchmarked
AI Companies and Applications have a lot to Prove in 2024
Dense Layers in Neural Networks
Databricks Acquires AI-powered Data Visualisation Platform Einblick
Yelp Rolls Out Generative AI Features to Summarize Business Reviews
Microsoft and OpenAI are in talks to inject $500 million into humanoid robotics startup Figure AI, report says
US and UK law enforcement are bracing for an explosion of AI-generated CSAM, and criticize Meta, the authorities' best partner for flagging CSAM, over E2EE (Eileen Sullivan/New York Times)
More Tool Than Text: Making Mathematical ebooks
Machine Learning Engineering in Finance - Nemanja Radojkovic
Post AGI Healthcare - Longevity, Prevention, and Rejuvenation - How it will happen, what it means?
The Sequence Pulse: The ML Architecture Powering LinkedIn's Skills Graph
The Good Robot Podcast: Melissa Heikkil on why the stories we tell about AI matter
Kapur's AlterEgo 'Thinks' Ahead of Musk's Neuralink
America's AI Leaders Go to Asia to Secure Their Lead
MG Motors Launches 'AI in Electric Mobility' Programme
Sources: Google splits up its 30-strong Responsible Innovation team, after leader and founder Jen Gennai suddenly left; RESIN conducted 500+ reviews in 2023 (Paresh Dave/Wired)
Google Splits Up Its Responsible AI Team
What Can be Done in 59 Seconds: An Opportunity (and a Crisis)
Bipartisan Senators unveil the DEFIANCE Act, which would let people sue over deepfake porn and other AI  intimate  images, after the viral Taylor Swift images (Adi Robertson/The Verge)
[D] Anyone here has done ML models for Telecom industry
AI in 2024: Major Developments & Innovations
Samsung is betting on AI and the Galaxy S24 to turn around declining profits
TornadoVM Launches TornadoInsight Plugin for IntelliJ IDEA
Silicon Valley's Codeium raises $65m to combine AI with coding
Enabling AI in IoT Apps with a Cloud-to-Edge Database
Nvidia RTX 4080 Super review: $999 is the main feature
Owner.com grabs $33M Series B to improve online guest experiences for mom-and-pop restaurants
Sunil Wadhwani Helps Establish School for AI and Data Science at IIT Madras
Friendly reminder not to work too hard. You'll just get fired
Chain of Thought Prompting: That's how we make the models think.
Neurelo is building a simpler way for developers to connect a database to an application
5 Free Courses to Break Into Data Analytics
What to expect of Microsoft's  cheap generative AI  efforts
GitHub Copilot Research Finds  Downward Pressure on Code Quality
Unclear strategies are thwarting AI at traditional companies
Nvidia RTX 4080 Super review: All you need to know is that it's cheaper than a 4080
Senators Introduce Bill Against Deepfake Porn After Taylor Swift AI Nudes
Neuralink's First Human Brain Chip Implant
AI Is Helping Pick What You'll Wear in Two Years
Dealing with CPU-bound Tasks in Node.js
Scraping Websites With Python Scrapy Spiders
What Is the Biggest Number?
Nvidia RTX 4080 Super review: a $200 price cut to $999, 16GB of VRAM, and impressive 4K performance, but not a big performance boost over the RTX 4070 (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Q&A with Stanford professor Erik Brynjolfsson on generative AI, potential productivity gains, his  J-curve  and  Turing trap  concepts, AI drawbacks, and more (Tej Parikh/Financial Times)
Pragmatic GPT-4 Prompting: Nifty No-Code Maps and Reports for Noobs
Responsible AI For Developers: Resources For Self-Guided Learning
pgvector 0.6.0: 30x faster with parallel index builds
Equivariant Matrix Function Neural Networks
Doubly robust nearest neighbors in factor models
Convergence of SGD for Training Neural Networks with Sliced Wasserstein Losses
Viewing the process of generating counterfactuals as a source of knowledge
Gower's similarity coefficients with automatic weight selection
Topological Detection of Phenomenological Bifurcations with Unreliable Kernel Densities
Simple and Controllable Music Generation
Learning Interpretable Rules for Scalable Data Representation and Classification
Graph Neural Networks with polynomial activations have limited expressivity
Specialized Python libraries for Unique Tasks
Improving Forecasts for Heterogeneous Time Series by  Averaging , with Application to Food Demand Forecast
Speed Up Your Ruby on Rails Application with LiteCache
Enhancing Low-Order Discontinuous Galerkin Methods with Neural Ordinary Differential Equations for Compressible Navier--Stokes Equations
I found out my company implemented an AI program that would  save the company money  in December
Weighted least-squares approximation with determinantal point processes and generalized volume sampling
Benchmarking Autoregressive Conditional Diffusion Models for Turbulent Flow Simulation
ENN: A Neural Network with DCT Adaptive Activation Functions
Exact Inference for Continuous-Time Gaussian Process Dynamics
Towards Differential Privacy in Sequential Recommendation: A Noisy Graph Neural Network Approach
Powerformer: A Section-adaptive Transformer for Power Flow Adjustment
Meet the startup taking on Nvidia
A Systematic Evaluation of Euclidean Alignment with Deep Learning for EEG Decoding
Towards a Pretrained Model for Restless Bandits via Multi-arm Generalization
Learning Hybrid Dynamics Models With Simulator-Informed Latent States
Reinforcement Unlearning
Blind Audio Bandwidth Extension: A Diffusion-Based Zero-Shot Approach
TransGNN: Harnessing the Collaborative Power of Transformers and Graph Neural Networks for Recommender Systems
Ring-A-Bell! How Reliable are Concept Removal Methods for Diffusion Models?
Interpretable Imitation Learning with Dynamic Causal Relations
Discovering Mathematical Formulas from Data via GPT-guided Monte Carlo Tree Search
Active learning of Boltzmann samplers and potential energies with quantum mechanical accuracy
Parallel Affine Transformation Tuning of Markov Chain Monte Carlo
High-Dimensional False Discovery Rate Control for Dependent Variables
Machine-learned Adversarial Attacks against Fault Prediction Systems in Smart Electrical Grids
Cross-silo Federated Learning with Record-level Personalized Differential Privacy
Solving the flexible job-shop scheduling problem through an enhanced deep reinforcement learning approach
Prompt Design and Engineering: Introduction and Advanced Methods
FDR-Controlled Portfolio Optimization for Sparse Financial Index Tracking
Dynamical System Identification, Model Selection and Model Uncertainty Quantification by Bayesian Inference
Clover: Closed-Loop Verifiable Code Generation
Adversarial Machine Learning in Latent Representations of Neural Networks
Nearest neighbor empirical processes
Bringing supercomputers and experiments together to accelerate discoveries
Rethinking Spectral Graph Neural Networks with Spatially Adaptive Filtering
Self-Supervised Learning in Event Sequences: A Comparative Study and Hybrid Approach of Generative Modeling and Contrastive Learning
Exploring the flavor structure of quarks and leptons with reinforcement learning
HAAQI-Net: A non-intrusive neural music quality assessment model for hearing aids
Policy Learning with Distributional Welfare
Estimating counterfactual treatment outcomes over time in complex multi-agent scenarios
On the potential benefits of entropic regularization for smoothing Wasserstein estimators
Causal Forecasting for Pricing
Comparison analysis between standard polysomnographic data and in-ear-EEG signals: A preliminary study
Neural networks for geospatial data
Individualized Multi-Treatment Response Curves Estimation using RBF-net with Shared Neurons
Data-dependent Generalization Bounds via Variable-Size Compressibility
PrIsing: Privacy-Preserving Peer Effect Estimation via Ising Model
Data-Driven Projection for Reducing Dimensionality of Linear Programs: Generalization Bound and Learning Methods
Bayesian Nonparametrics Meets Data-Driven Robust Optimization
Automatically Testing Functional Properties of Code Translation Models
Unified Transfer Learning Models in High-Dimensional Linear Regression
cDVGAN: One Flexible Model for Multi-class Gravitational Wave Signal and Glitch Generation
Are ChatGPT and Other Similar Systems the Modern Lernaean Hydras of AI?
FedPDD: A Privacy-preserving Double Distillation Framework for Cross-silo Federated Recommendation
Tensor-view Topological Graph Neural Network
TikTok is set to lose some major musical artists over AI and pay dispute
Data-centric Graph Learning: A Survey
Towards Differential Privacy in Sequential Recommendation: A Noisy Graph Neural Network Approach. (arXiv:2309.11515v2 [cs.CR] UPDATED)
Adaptive Experiment Design with Synthetic Controls. (arXiv:2401.17205v1 [stat.ML])
Improving Forecasts for Heterogeneous Time Series by  Averaging , with Application to Food Demand Forecast. (arXiv:2306.07119v3 [stat.ME] UPDATED)
Towards a Pretrained Model for Restless Bandits via Multi-arm Generalization. (arXiv:2310.14526v3 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Weighted least-squares approximation with determinantal point processes and generalized volume sampling. (arXiv:2312.14057v2 [math.NA] UPDATED)
Clover: Closed-Loop Verifiable Code Generation. (arXiv:2310.17807v2 [cs.AI] UPDATED)
legged robots conquer new terrains
Prompt Design and Engineering: Introduction and Advanced Methods. (arXiv:2401.14423v2 [cs.SE] UPDATED)
Effect of Weight Quantization on Learning Models by Typical Case Analysis. (arXiv:2401.17269v1 [stat.ML])
Topological Detection of Phenomenological Bifurcations with Unreliable Kernel Densities. (arXiv:2401.16563v1 [math.AT])
Neural networks for geospatial data. (arXiv:2304.09157v2 [stat.ML] UPDATED)
Interpretable Imitation Learning with Dynamic Causal Relations. (arXiv:2310.00489v4 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Nearest neighbor empirical processes. (arXiv:2110.15083v3 [math.ST] UPDATED)
Rethinking Spectral Graph Neural Networks with Spatially Adaptive Filtering. (arXiv:2401.09071v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
FedPDD: A Privacy-preserving Double Distillation Framework for Cross-silo Federated Recommendation. (arXiv:2305.06272v2 [cs.IR] UPDATED)
Gower's similarity coefficients with automatic weight selection. (arXiv:2401.17041v1 [stat.ME])
Convergence of SGD for Training Neural Networks with Sliced Wasserstein Losses. (arXiv:2307.11714v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Powerformer: A Section-adaptive Transformer for Power Flow Adjustment. (arXiv:2401.02771v3 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Data-centric Graph Learning: A Survey. (arXiv:2310.04987v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
High-Dimensional False Discovery Rate Control for Dependent Variables. (arXiv:2401.15796v2 [stat.ME] UPDATED)
Ring-A-Bell! How Reliable are Concept Removal Methods for Diffusion Models?. (arXiv:2310.10012v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Learning Interpretable Rules for Scalable Data Representation and Classification. (arXiv:2310.14336v3 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
HAAQI-Net: A non-intrusive neural music quality assessment model for hearing aids. (arXiv:2401.01145v2 [eess.AS] UPDATED)
Discovering Mathematical Formulas from Data via GPT-guided Monte Carlo Tree Search. (arXiv:2401.14424v3 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Benchmarking Autoregressive Conditional Diffusion Models for Turbulent Flow Simulation. (arXiv:2309.01745v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Proximal Policy Gradient Arborescence for Quality Diversity Reinforcement Learning. (arXiv:2305.13795v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Viewing the process of generating counterfactuals as a source of knowledge. (arXiv:2309.04284v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Parallel Affine Transformation Tuning of Markov Chain Monte Carlo. (arXiv:2401.16567v1 [stat.ME])
Dynamical System Identification, Model Selection and Model Uncertainty Quantification by Bayesian Inference. (arXiv:2401.16943v1 [stat.ME])
A Systematic Evaluation of Euclidean Alignment with Deep Learning for EEG Decoding. (arXiv:2401.10746v2 [eess.SP] UPDATED)
Graph Neural Networks with polynomial activations have limited expressivity. (arXiv:2310.13139v4 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Bayesian Nonparametrics Meets Data-Driven Robust Optimization. (arXiv:2401.15771v2 [stat.ML] UPDATED)
TransGNN: Harnessing the Collaborative Power of Transformers and Graph Neural Networks for Recommender Systems. (arXiv:2308.14355v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Causal Forecasting for Pricing. (arXiv:2312.15282v3 [stat.ML] UPDATED)
Solving the flexible job-shop scheduling problem through an enhanced deep reinforcement learning approach. (arXiv:2310.15706v2 [cs.AI] UPDATED)
Unified Transfer Learning Models in High-Dimensional Linear Regression. (arXiv:2307.00238v4 [stat.ML] UPDATED)
Automatically Testing Functional Properties of Code Translation Models. (arXiv:2309.12813v2 [cs.SE] UPDATED)
Adversarial Machine Learning in Latent Representations of Neural Networks. (arXiv:2309.17401v3 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Equivariant Matrix Function Neural Networks. (arXiv:2310.10434v2 [stat.ML] UPDATED)
Tensor-view Topological Graph Neural Network. (arXiv:2401.12007v3 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says summaries are a  big deal  for generative AI
Exploring the flavor structure of quarks and leptons with reinforcement learning. (arXiv:2304.14176v3 [hep-ph] UPDATED)
Comparison analysis between standard polysomnographic data and in-ear-EEG signals: A preliminary study. (arXiv:2401.10107v3 [eess.SP] UPDATED)
FDR-Controlled Portfolio Optimization for Sparse Financial Index Tracking. (arXiv:2401.15139v2 [q-fin.PM] UPDATED)
Learning Hybrid Dynamics Models With Simulator-Informed Latent States. (arXiv:2309.02873v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Data-Driven Projection for Reducing Dimensionality of Linear Programs: Generalization Bound and Learning Methods. (arXiv:2309.00203v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
ChatGPT Plus users can now add relevant GPTs to their chats - here's how
PrIsing: Privacy-Preserving Peer Effect Estimation via Ising Model. (arXiv:2401.16596v1 [stat.ME])
ENN: A Neural Network with DCT Adaptive Activation Functions. (arXiv:2307.00673v3 [eess.SP] UPDATED)
Reinforcement Unlearning. (arXiv:2312.15910v2 [cs.CR] UPDATED)
Individualized Multi-Treatment Response Curves Estimation using RBF-net with Shared Neurons. (arXiv:2401.16571v1 [stat.ME])
Active learning of Boltzmann samplers and potential energies with quantum mechanical accuracy. (arXiv:2401.16487v1 [physics.chem-ph])
Enhancing Low-Order Discontinuous Galerkin Methods with Neural Ordinary Differential Equations for Compressible Navier--Stokes Equations. (arXiv:2310.18897v2 [physics.flu-dyn] UPDATED)
Self-Supervised Learning in Event Sequences: A Comparative Study and Hybrid Approach of Generative Modeling and Contrastive Learning. (arXiv:2401.15935v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Discrete Graph Auto-Encoder. (arXiv:2306.07735v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
Exact Inference for Continuous-Time Gaussian Process Dynamics. (arXiv:2309.02351v2 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
How to fine-tune the CRAFT model in EasyOCR
Are ChatGPT and Other Similar Systems the Modern Lernaean Hydras of AI?. (arXiv:2306.09267v3 [cs.CY] UPDATED)
Simple and Controllable Music Generation. (arXiv:2306.05284v3 [cs.SD] UPDATED)
Blind Audio Bandwidth Extension: A Diffusion-Based Zero-Shot Approach. (arXiv:2306.01433v2 [eess.AS] UPDATED)
Cross-silo Federated Learning with Record-level Personalized Differential Privacy. (arXiv:2401.16251v2 [cs.CR] UPDATED)
Policy Learning with Distributional Welfare. (arXiv:2311.15878v2 [stat.ME] UPDATED)
cDVGAN: One Flexible Model for Multi-class Gravitational Wave Signal and Glitch Generation. (arXiv:2401.16356v2 [physics.ins-det] UPDATED)
DoWG Unleashed: An Efficient Universal Parameter-Free Gradient Descent Method. (arXiv:2305.16284v4 [cs.LG] UPDATED)
OpenGPTs
Databricks Aquires Team Behind AI Startup Einblick
The Battle for Better, Broader, More Inclusive AI
Lifelong learning will power next generation of autonomous devices
Anyone could be a victim of 'deepfakes'. But there's a reason Taylor Swift is a target |
Twin Labs automates repetitive tasks by letting AI take over your mouse cursor
Samsung Needs AI to Succeed as It Reports Weakest Earnings in 10 Years
[D] Is nepotism prevalent in big tech ML roles?
Shark robot vacuums are up to 46 percent off right now
Macaroons Escalated Quickly
New Self-Paced Course: Synthetic Tabular Data Generation Using Transformers
The Pixel 8 is getting Google's new AI search feature today
Shopify is rolling out an AI-powered image editor for products
Metronome's usage-based billing software finds hit in AI as the startup raises $43M in fresh capital
Shanghai AI Lab Presents HuixiangDou: A Domain-Specific Knowledge Assistant Powered by Large Language Models (LLM)
Databricks SQL Year in Review (Part II): SQL Programming Features
As AI Costs Soar, Some Startups Consider Selling
7 Large Language Model Frameworks to Improve Productivity
Meet Taipy: An Open-Source Python Library Designed for Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers for Easy and End-to-End Application Development
AI can better retain what it learns by mimicking human sleep: Building AIs that sleep and dream can lead to better results and more reliable models, according to researchers who aim to replicate the architecture and behaviour of the human brain.
Teens on social media need both protection and privacy. AI could help get the balance right
AI companies are merging or collaborating to even out gap in access to vital datasets
AI-Powered Voice-based Agents for Enterprises: Two Key Challenges
Aim Security raises $10M for its GenAI security platform
snoop
Zum Raises $140M At $1.3B Valuation To Help Kids Get to School Faster With AI
Most organizations fear AI failure, but those that implement AI do report benefits
Amazon Q a new generative AI-powered assistant By AWS
Microsoft Engineer Says They Were Silenced for Warning About DALL-E Issue Linked to Taylor Swift Nudes
Handling Gaps in Time Series
Generative AI boosts cloud revenue for Microsoft, Google
[D] How To Train an ML Model On Only One Target Variable
Revolutionizing Culinary Experiences with AI: Introducing FIRE (Food Image to REcipe generation)
AI for Web Devs: Addressing Bugs, Security, & Reliability
Research team launches first-of-its-kind mini AI model with three trillion-token punch
Deloitte's AI Head: 5 Steps to Prepare Enterprises for an AI-focused Future
What does GPT stand for? Understanding GPT 3.5, GPT 4, and more
Nvidia's investment in startups has nearly tripled as other tech heavyweights pull back
Microsoft's big bet on AI seems to be paying off
Deloitte's AI Head: 5 Steps to Prepare Enterprises for an AI Future
Shopify's 'Magic' AI image editor can make any product pics look professional
Ethics, AI, and Art
OpenAI Says GPT-4 Poses Little Risk of Helping Create Bioweapons
Fine Tuning LLMs on a Single Consumer Graphic Card
Workato launches Annual Industry Report
LG CNS launches 'AI Center' to Pioneer Initiatives in Enterprise AI
How Zerve is Revolutionizing Data Science and AI Development
Opentrons launches Automation Marketplace
INSTALL NEW UNCENSORED FaceGen Ai For SD WebUI in 1 CLICK!
Animate Anyone - Only 1 Image needed!!!!
Microsoft and Alphabet's AI Struggle, Musk's Pay Package | Bloomberg Technology
Scandal Mounts as TV Network Used AI to Sexualize Image of Politician
Perspective paper explores the debate over sentient machines
FCC moves to outlaw AI-generated robocalls
Google's Bard Just Beat ChatGPT's GPT-4 in Rankings
Brain Connection Maps Help Neuromorphic Chips
OpenAI explores how good GPT-4 is at creating bioweapons
What Are Dimensions in Machine Learning?
This Will Change How You Use ChatGPT Forever!
These Are the Most Used AI Applications
Why are we alive? #artificialintelligence
Neuralink exec Shivon Zilis defends Elon Musk's $55 billion Tesla pay package
Europcar says someone likely used ChatGPT to promote a fake data breach
Google Is About to Overtake OpenAI
IBM's Generative AI Will Scout Soccer Players for Sevilla FC
[N] Mistral CEO confirms 'leak' of new open source AI model nearing GPT-4 performance
Instacart quietly deletes its unsettling AI-generated food pics
This AI Paper Unpacks the Trials of Embedding Advanced Capabilities in Software: A Deep Dive into the Struggles and Triumphs of Engineers Building AI Product Copilots
OpenAI says GPT-4 poses  at most  a slight risk of helping create biological threats, according to early tests to evaluate  catastrophic  risks from LLMs (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
The Future of Frontline Work is Intelligent
Samsung Galaxy S24, Plus, Ultra compared: Which model should you buy?
non data science jobs that a senior data scientist can do?
Microsoft Research Forum: New series explores bold ideas in technology research in the era of AI
Zilliz Cloud boosts vector database performance
Hackers used Ars Technica and Vimeo to deliver malware using obfuscated binary instructions in a URL
stanchion
OpenAI Says ChatGPT Probably Won't Make a Bioweapon
Dark Data: Opportunity or Threat
A Public Administration Route to Algorithmic Transparency I: The Anatomy of Administrative Law
Microsoft LASERs away LLM inaccuracies
Neural Networks Illustrated, Part 1: How Does a Neural Network Work?
AI's Climate Impacts May Hit Marginalized People Hardest
MobileDiffusion: Rapid text-to-image generation on-device
SAP shares reached a record high; restructures 8000 jobs and lures customers with Cloud ERP migration discounts.
Dems and Repubs agree on something   a law to tackle unauthorized NSFW deepfakes
The Power of AI in Search with You.com's Richard Socher
Mistral MODEL LEAK???  CEO Confirms!!!
Introduction to the Keras + Kaggle Integration w/ Franois Chollet | Kaggle
Business, Innovation, and Managing Life (January 31, 2024)
Nine was slammed for 'AI editing' a Victorian MP's dress. How can news media use AI responsibly?
Cops bogged down by flood of fake AI child sex images, report says
Poisoned AI went rogue during training and couldn't be taught to behave again in 'legitimately scary' study
If you're on ChatGPT Plus, you can add relevant GPTs to your chats
Taylor Swift deepfakes: new technologies have long been weaponised against women. The solution involves  us all
Ultimate Collection of 60 YouTube Courses for 21 Programming Languages [MEGA LIST]
BMF   + Hugging Face , The New Video Processing BFFs
Just Released: NVIDIA Modulus 24.01
From Punch Cards to the  Modern Data Stack
More than half of UK undergraduates say they use AI to help with essays
Productionizing Generative AI Applications
ThoughtSpot Touts 'Data Renaissance' with GenAI Update
Neural Networks on the Brink of Universal Prediction with DeepMind's Cutting-Edge Approach
Google's 'Gemini Era': Embedding Gen AI in Everything It Does
AI Companies Lose $190 Billion After Dismal Google Report
Salesforce Flow deactivation using Metadata API
Tesla Upgrades Model Y Self-Driving Hardware to Lift China Sales
Autonomous vehicle company Motional is about to lose a key backer
The Critical Role of Data in Solving Society's Biggest Problems
Does classical design of experiments still have a place in data science?
ChatGPT's new @-mentions bring multiple personalities into your AI convo
Robotaxi company Motional loses capital support from automotive supplier Aptiv, the other half of a $4B joint venture with Hyundai that created Motional in 2019 (Kirsten Korosec/TechCrunch)
I Analyzed My Finance With Local LLMs
Growing Key AI and Data Skills with CPMAI: Interview with Selvie Thevathasan [AI Today Podcast]
Improving upon my OpenTelemetry Tracing demo
Google's Gemini Takes The Center Stage
RE:Create Video
Generative AI News Rundown - CES, GPTs, ChatGPT Team, Rabbit, Perplexity, and Much More - Voicebot Podcast 368
Generative AI News - OpenAI's New Board Powers, Gemini v GPT-3 & 4, Copilot Music, Instagram, and More - Voicebot Podcast 367
How to Implement a Custom Training Solution Based on Amazon EC2
How to Handle Time Series Missing Data
Microsoft Azure AI Users Base Rose by 50%, Half of Fortune 500 Adopt OpenAI Service
WebScrapperJS - Get Content/HTML of any website without being blocked by CORS even using JavaScript by WhollyAPI
Meet WebVoyager: An Innovative Large Multimodal Model (LMM) Powered Web Agent that can Complete User Instructions End-to-End by Interacting with Real-World Websites
A.I. Fuels a New Era of Product Placement
B.C. lawyer who used fake, AI-generated cases faces law society probe, possible costs
US Accuses Chinese Memory Chipmaker, AI Firms of Aiding Military
Senior data scientists give the juniors some advice..
Indian PM's advisors suggest AI might lead to 'mass schizophrenia'
Smarcity garbage reporting automation w/ ollama
This AI Paper from China Sheds Light on the Vulnerabilities of Vision-Language Models: Unveiling RTVLM, the First Red Teaming Dataset for Multimodal AI Security
Deciphering Neuronal Universality in GPT-2 Language Models
Experiments with Mixtral-8x7B using Multiple Libraries - Got max 52 tokens/sec. Thoughts?
[D] What's the best current RAG setup that would work with a local LLM?
Microsoft, Google Woo India Programmers to Win AI Leadership
Shopify releases new features, including an AI-powered image editor for products, improved semantic search, and tools for better merchandising (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
18 Bootstrap Headers
teknium/OpenHermes-2.5
Microsoft Edge for Android gets Extensions support
[D] Relying solely on sentence embeddings for vector search is yielding abysmal results. Coworker is saying he's experiencing the same but wondering if we're doing it wrong or if this is normal.
Q&A with Pinterest CEO Bill Ready on why social media turned toxic, his vision for a less toxic platform that can use AI for good, activist investors, and more (Hannah Murphy/Financial Times)
Can This A.I.-Powered Search Engine Replace Google? It Has for Me.
The White House weighs in on the AI copyright debate for the first time
Shortwave email client will show AI-powered summaries automatically | TechCrunch
Latest US alert on Chinese companies sparks supply chain concerns
As the pharmaceutical industry adopts AI to speed up drug development, a look at the challenges facing the industry to prove the effectiveness of AI-aided drugs (Bloomberg)
Faith
Cerebral Ai
[D] Is Mamba scalabe as Transformer? or just another efficient model?
Interview with Fiona Anting Tan: Researching causal relations in text
GPT-4 'mildy useful' in creating bioweapons, says ChatGPT
Loha Prasat is my favorite Temple in Bangkok
Better Call GPT: LLMs 300x cheaper than human lawyers (and almost as good!) - Knee of the Curve!
How to Index Podcasts with Keywords like on Huberman's Website
From data analyst to sales engineer - Jenny Wu - The Data Scientist Show #079
Sources: Nvidia opens pre-orders for its new China-specific H20 AI chips, each costing $12K to $15K; specs show Huawei's 910B as more powerful in some key areas (Reuters)
Nvidia GeForce RTX 4080 Super Review
Research Advances in Transformer Time Series Forecasting Models
Donald Trump suggests the mysterious red marks on his hands may be AI-generated
Sources: SK Hynix plans to build an advanced chip packaging plant in Indiana, for stacking DRAM chips to make High Bandwidth Memory (HBM) chips for Nvidia GPUs (Financial Times)
The FCC wants to make robocalls that use AI-generated voices illegal
Q&A: How Thomson Reuters used genAI to enable a citizen developer workforce
CARPL guides healthcare providers through the growing market of radiology AI apps
Heard on the Street   2/1/2024
ChatGPT probably won't help create biological weapons, OpenAI says
Shopify unveils AI editor to enhance product images
Stellaris Leads Investment in Radiology AI Marketplace CARPL
Tamil Llama Uncovering New Grounds in Indian Languages
Privacy Risks Analysis and Mitigation in Federated Learning for Medical Images
Integral Operator Approaches for Scattered Data Fitting on Spheres
InRule adds Doug Bleszinski as Senior Vice President of Global Sales
An Algorithm for Streaming Differentially Private Data
Combinatorial and algebraic perspectives on the marginal independence structure of Bayesian networks
Universal Consistency of Wide and Deep ReLU Neural Networks and Minimax Optimal Convergence Rates for Kolmogorov-Donoho Optimal Function Classes
A cost-sensitive constrained Lasso
Irish businesses will boost AI budgets in 2024, survey claims
Over-the-air Federated Policy Gradient
Uncertainty Quantification via Spatial-Temporal Tweedie Model for Zero-inflated and Long-tail Travel Demand Prediction
Embarking on a macOS Development Journey from Ground Zero
Deep Network Approximation: Beyond ReLU to Diverse Activation Functions
Why So Many AI Events Feature Live Llamas
AI and blockchains might need one another to evolve, according to new report
An Alliance Calling For More Open AI Should Heed Their Own Call
StructCoder: Structure-Aware Transformer for Code Generation
Variable selection for Na\\ ive Bayes classification
Multitask methods for predicting molecular properties from heterogeneous data
US government demands disclosure of AI safety testing
Try with Simpler -- An Evaluation of Improved Principal Component Analysis in Log-based Anomaly Detection
Adaptive Block Sparse Regularization under Arbitrary Linear Transform
A Specialized Semismooth Newton Method for Kernel-Based Optimal Transport
Improving Antibody Humanness Prediction using Patent Data
Fundamental Limits of Membership Inference Attacks on Machine Learning Models
What Is Fairness? On the Role of Protected Attributes and Fictitious Worlds
What's Your Story: Ivan Tashev
ONNX Unleashed: Training and Optimizing BERT Models for Streamlit Web Apps
AI2 open sources text-generating AI models   and the data used to train them
Can AI have your attention please?
RAG Efficiency, Self-Learning Secrets, and the Business of AI (and Other January Must-Reads)
Wind speed super-resolution and validation: from ERA5 to CERRA via diffusion models
Generative Design of Crystal Structures by Point Cloud Representations and Diffusion Model
Bayesian Self-Supervised Contrastive Learning
Unintentional AI leak from Mistral becomes an unexpected powerhouse
Figure AI eyes a $1.9 billion valuation as Microsoft and OpenAI show interest in its life-saving robots
Efficient Learning of Long-Range and Equivariant Quantum Systems
Neural Network from Scratch
A Generic Machine Learning Framework for Fully-Unsupervised Anomaly Detection with Contaminated Data
Fast Cell Library Characterization for Design Technology Co-Optimization Based on Graph Neural Networks
The New Computer: Use Serverless to Build Your First AI-OS App
Intrinsic Gaussian Processes on Manifolds and Their Accelerations by Symmetry
Top 5 AI Podcasts You Can't Miss in 2024
Any good alternatives as good as Elevenlabs?
Some Primal-Dual Theory for Subgradient Methods for Strongly Convex Optimization
Federated Full-Parameter Tuning of Billion-Sized Language Models with Communication Cost under 18 Kilobytes
AI can help - and hurt - student creativity
An adaptation of InfoMap to absorbing random walks using absorption-scaled graphs
Predicting small molecules solubilities on endpoint devices using deep ensemble neural networks
EEG-GPT: Exploring Capabilities of Large Language Models for EEG Classification and Interpretation
Causal Coordinated Concurrent Reinforcement Learning
Ask questions about your audio with LLMs
Efficiently Solving High-Order and Nonlinear ODEs with Rational Fraction Polynomial: the Ratio Net
Protect AI acquires Laiyer AI to secure Large Language Models
PPG-to-ECG Signal Translation for Continuous Atrial Fibrillation Detection via Attention-based Deep State-Space Modeling
Convergence of Expectation-Maximization Algorithm with Mixed-Integer Optimization
Calibrating dimension reduction hyperparameters in the presence of noise
Computational Tradeoffs of Optimization-Based Bound Tightening in ReLU Networks
Consistent Signal Reconstruction from Streaming Multivariate Time Series
CARD: Channel Aligned Robust Blend Transformer for Time Series Forecasting
Open Language Models (OLMos) and the LLM landscape
Causal Discovery by Kernel Deviance Measures with Heterogeneous Transforms
Utilizing Reinforcement Learning for de novo Drug Design
Beyond Surprise: Improving Exploration Through Surprise Novelty
OpenSource Multimodal LLM Competing with GPT-4V and Gemini
A Simple Prompt For Lineart Style To Get You Started
Implications of Gen AI: ML 1.0's Future? // Patrick Barker & Farhood Etaati // Podcast #204 clip
Rise Of The Machines? OpenAI, Microsoft To Invest In Robots That Think Independently
242 Stories To Learn About Ml
Google launches an AI-powered image generator
[D] Are traditional ML/ deep learning techniques used anymore in NLP, in production-grade systems?
26 Data Science Interview Questions You Should Know
A Critical Look at Red-Teaming Practices in Generative AI
Microsoft's full set of Office apps will be available on Apple's Vision Pro &mdash; including the company's new AI assistant, Copilot
Feds Want to Outlaw AI Robocalls After Fake Biden Called New Hampshire Voters
Briefing: Shopify Magic, Vision Pro Zoom, AX vs UX
Generalized Additive Model (GAM)...
Google's Bard chatbot gets the Gemini Pro update globally
Google releases GenAI tools for music creation
Google reveals another text-to-image generative AI tool, ImageFX
Generative AI Tools for Infrastructure as Code
Mistral Reveals its Secret Weapon Mark Zuckerberg; Struggling Startups Are Looking For the Exits
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #10
The Allen Institute for AI open sources OLMo, or  Open Language MOdels , and its data set Dolma; OLMo was created with Harvard, AMD, Databricks, and others (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Bard generates photos now, finally
Google launches ImageFX, an AI image generator underpinned by Imagen 2, with  expressive chips , or keyword suggestions; Google will bring Imagen 2 to Bard (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Shopify's AI Photo Editing Tool Will Help Sellers Create 'Professional' Images
LLMs, Make Room For World Models
Easy RAG Setup - Load Anything into Context - Mistral 7B / ChromaDB / LangChain
Using Azure OpenAI Service to generate images with DALL-E in .NET
OLMo is Here, Powered by Databricks
Shopify Expands Generative AI Features with Synthetic Image Editor for Product Backgrounds and More
How to Detect the Trend in the Time Series Data and Detrend in Python
Australian IT Pros Need to Prepare for AI Regulation for the First Time With EU AI Act Imminent
Meet the 6 startups reimagining the future of customer engagement with generative AI
Access to external data makes open source models better than GPT-4
Generative AI fails in this very common ability of human thought
Just Released: NVIDIA HPC SDK v24.1
BMLL brings Level 3 analytics to South African capital markets
New approach helps to improve classification accuracy of remote sensing image
Google's AI image generator finally rolls out to the public - here's how to try it
Allen Institute for AI Releases OLMo, Open Source 7B and 1B Models
Instacart Caught Using Revolting AI-Generated Images of Food
[D] Is the true value of AI, what the end-user does with it?
Probabl is a new AI company built around popular library scikit-learn
YugabyteDB Becomes First Distributed SQL Database Vendor to Complete CIS Benchmark
Are data science projects meant to be like this?
UC Berkeley and UCSF Researchers Propose Cross-Attention Masked Autoencoders (CrossMAE): A Leap in Efficient Visual Data Processing
Google says YouTube now has over 100 million subscribers
Russ Maschmeyer: Spatial Commerce and AI in Retail
Google Adds AI Image Generator to Bard, Rivals ChatGPT
Datasets for Fine-Tuning Large Language Models, Prompt Engineering Use Cases, and How to Ace the.
How AI Innovation Can Break Down Barriers in the Crisis of Late Diagnosis of Autism in Children
Google Maps is getting 'supercharged' with generative AI
TikToks Go Silent as Major Record Label Pulls All Its Music
SK Hynix looks to Indiana for advanced chip packaging plant
How to Ace the Data Science Interview in 2024
The Generative AI Advantage: Product Strategies to Differentiate
Fine-Tuning Mistral 7B: Enhance Open-Source Language Models with MindsDB and Anyscale Endpoints
Bhabha AI Unveils Gajendra, Hindi-Hinglish-English Model
Creating an AI photo generator and editing app with React
Taylor Swift deepfakes: New technologies have long been weaponized against women. The solution involves everyone
Google starts a limited test of generative AI tools in Maps
Meta plans to deploy its second-gen in-house chips, referred to internally as Artemis, to its data centers in 2024, alongside  commercially available GPUs  (Reuters)
Visual Generated Blogging
I Tested a Next-Gen AI Assistant. It Will Blow You Away
Phew! OpenAI's GPT-4 Is Not Good at Designing Biological Weapons
Opinion: How will generative AI impact our devices?
In cloud, there's AI (which is hot) and everything else (which is not)
Google plans to roll out a Google Maps feature that uses LLMs to analyze data on 250M+ places and recommend places, starting in the US (Andrew J. Hawkins/The Verge)
Experts from 30 nations will contribute to global AI safety report
Google's Bard gets free image generator based on Imagen 2 to compete with ChatGPT
Binary Logistic Regression in R
10. Next Steps
Vision Pro - The Problem with Spatial Computing
Talking Instead of Typing: Who Else is Doing This?
Gen AI: Corporates' Shift from Big Brands to Startup Solutions
Arc is building an AI agent that browses on your behalf
Google Gemini vs. ChatGPT: Is Gemini Better Than ChatGPT?
A theoretical model for reliability assessment of machine learning systems
Learning GitHub Actions in a Simple Way
A New Research Study from the University of Surrey Shows Artificial Intelligence Could Help Power Plants Capture Carbon Ising 36% Less Energy from the Grid
Why StackOverflow usage is down 50%   with David Hsu of Retool
Programming Foundation Models with DSPy / Multivector Semantic Search with ColBERT - Omar Khattab
ChatGPT Enterprise vs. ChatGPT Team: Which is the best for your business?
Google's Gemini Pro Global Rollout Set to Surpass GPT-4 Soon
The Arc browser is getting better bookmarks and search results, all thanks to AI
Elixir Culture Shock
Antitrust enforcers admit they're in a race to understand how to tackle AI
[D] General negative sentiment surrounding  AI
Chip race: Microsoft, Meta, Google, and Nvidia battle it out for AI chip supremacy
AI Predicts Your Insides From Your Outsides With Pseudo-DXA
A Camera-Wearing Baby Taught an AI to Learn Words
Why the Turing Test Became Obsolete
AI is Booming in the Middle East
Drupal Creator: Websites Needed More Than Ever in the AI Era
Bodycam Maker Axon Is on a Mission to Surveil America with AI
This baby with a head camera helped teach an AI how kids learn language
Amazon debuts 'Rufus,' an AI shopping assistant in its mobile app
Meet BiTA: An Innovative AI Method Expediting LLMs via Streamlined Semi-Autoregressive Generation and Draft Verification
AI Will Be Doing More Accounting If Startup Investors Have Their Way
Google Maps experiments with generative AI to improve discovery
Gen AI is Raising the Popularity of Vector Databases
Text-to-SQL LLM Applications: Prompt Injections
New research shows how child-like language learning is possible using AI tools
AI Data Center Startup Astera Labs Plans March IPO
Researchers test human vs AI-human hybrid teams in dynamic design challenge
Nvidia turning to Intel Foundry Services to expand GPU and AI chip capacity
Amazon launches Rufus, an AI-powered shopping assistant
The Arc Browser is getting new AI-powered features that try to browse the web for you
OpenAI says there's only a small chance ChatGPT will help create bioweapons
Amazon made an AI bot to talk you through buying more stuff on Amazon
Open source Nomic Embed text embedding model outperforms OpenAI's Ada-002
Managers of this sub, does no pay raise mean I will be the first one to get laid off if it comes to that?
FCC to declare AI-generated voices in robocalls illegal under existing law
I built an app to do my data science work faster, and I thought others here may like it too!
Machine Learning Made Simple: A Beginner's Guide to AI
Elon Musk's xAI Fundraising Dance
Apple Vision Pro: Here's everything you need to know
Amazon Adds AI Shopping Companion Named Rufus to Retail Store
Taylor Swift Deepfakes Push Tech Companies, Lawmakers to Find Fixes
You Are Not Late to Artificial Intelligence
Amazon launches Rufus, an AI-powered shopping assistant trained on its product catalog and information from around the web, in beta for some US customers (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Deploy an AI Coding Assistant with NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM and NVIDIA Triton
Amazon Enters Chatbot Fray With Shopping Tool
Researchers develop algorithm that crunches eye-movement data of screen users
Meta Plans $50 Billion Buyback in Effort to Win Over Investors
OpenAI is reportedly investing in humanoid robots
Meta plans to deploy its Artemis AI chip this year to reduce reliance on Nvidia GPUs
OpenAI claims GPT-4 gives 'a mild uplift' to creating a biochemical weapon
Digital watermarks combined with AI will speed up copyright infringement cases, study says
Autopen shows perils of automation in communications
Integrating Cybersecurity into AI Software Development on Kubernetes: Key Takeaways from Andrew Martin
This AI Paper from China Introduces 'AGENTBOARD': An Open-Source Evaluation Framework Tailored to Analytical Evaluation of Multi-Turn LLM Agents
How To Build an LLM-Powered App To Chat with PapersWithCode
Researchers from the Chinese University of Hong Kong and Tencent AI Lab Propose a Multimodal Pathway to Improve Transformers with Irrelevant Data from Other Modalities
UK government urged to adopt more positive outlook for LLMs to avoid missing 'AI goldrush'
Voltron Aims to Unblock AI with GPU-Accelerated Data Processing
Google Bard Gets Gemini Pro in 40 Languages and Hits #2 on Popular Benchmark Leaderboard
Ray Kurzweil Q&A - The Singularity, Human-Machine Integration & AI | EP #83
Amazon is launching a chatty AI assistant called Rufus to people become smarter shoppers
UK ministers urged to protect creatives whose work is used by AI firms
[Research] Robust Prompt Optimization for Defending Language Models Against Jailbreaking Attacks
A Meta (AI) Assistant for Every Creator; TikTok's Music Row
There seems to be a big misunderstanding of the T Test
5 Best White Label AI Tools
Microsoft's Aggressive AI Push is Winning New Customers
Tim Cook confirms Apple's generative AI features are coming 'later this year'
Tim Cook says that Apple is spending  a tremendous amount of time and effort  on AI features that the company plans to announce  later this year  (William Gallagher/AppleInsider)
What is data science like at Home Depot?
AI Grant Traction in OSS Startups
Educational Deep Learning from scratch
ChunkViz
Nvidia CEO Says Nations Seeking Own AI Systems Will Raise Demand
The Transformation of Computer Vision Over Two Decades
EP49: Our Big Announcement + GPT-4 Update, Code Llama, LLaVA-1.6, YOLO World, EAGLE-7B & Bard Images
The FCC Wants AI Robocalls to Be Illegal
Hyperwrite: Your Personal AI Agent - Self-Operating Computer That IS FREE
simulating signed mixtures
How the Brain and AI Overcome Forgetting
Quoting Ethan Mollick
QueryGPT   Harnessing Generative AI To Query Your Data With Natural Language.
DeepSeek-AI Introduce the DeepSeek-Coder Series: A Range of Open-Source Code Models from 1.3B to 33B and Trained from Scratch on 2T Tokens
unstructured
Segment Anything Model (SAM) Benchmark on 22 consumer GPUs
Australian Portrait Prize to Allow AI Entries, 'Art is Not Stagnant'
A camera-based anti-facial recognition technique
Is Webscraping a work of a data scientist?
How to Remove or Extract Metadata from Markdown Files in JavaScript
Australian 'contemporary' portrait prize allows entries wholly generated by AI
Google Bard Adds Imagen 2 Image Generation and Takes Gemini Pro Model Global
ImageFX: Google's latest image creator is here to take on Dall-E
Building a Contact Form with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
The Right Way to Use AI on HackerNoon
Quoting UK House of Lords report on Generative AI
Starbucks is trialing late-night coffee deliveries for people who get midnight caffeine cravings
The Evolving Role of Data Scientists
[D] Three simple proposals for fixing this subreddit
Amazon named its new chatbot Rufus after a Welsh corgi that a couple often took to the office
VCs Elad Gil and Sarah Guo on the risks and rewards of funding AI:  The biggest threat to us in the short run is other people
Step-size Optimization for Continual Learning
Hands-on with Perplexity and the $20-per-month Perplexity Pro tier, which show that AI-powered search engines could loosen Google's grip on the search market (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
How to use the new genAI template tool in Google Sheets
IBM says generative AI can help automate business actions
Meet CMMMU: A New Chinese Massive Multi-Discipline Multimodal Understanding Benchmark Designed to Evaluate Large Multimodal Models LMMs
Python's Most Powerful Decorator
Jaspreet Bindra on Generative AI and the Road to Singularity
NLP learning resource old vs new
Introducing The Streaming Datalake
Meta and Amazon ride the AI wave to a profit surge
How to Use Object Recognition with TensorFlow.js and Vue 3?
Meet the UC Berkeley professor tracking election deepfakes
[P] Segment Anything Model (SAM) Benchmark on 22 consumer GPUs
Amazon Introduces Rufus, Generative AI Shopping Assistant
How Fast Is MLX? A Comprehensive Benchmark on 8 Apple Silicon Chips and 4 CUDA GPUs
Best LLM ever after GPT4? CEO confirmed the accidentally  leaked  Mistral-Medium
Presentation: Simplifying Real-Time ML Pipelines with Quix Streams
[D] What happened with the ImageNet Challenge
Don't have $3,499 to spend on the Apple Vision Pro? Try these five headsets instead.
AI will not be mass destroyer of jobs, says BoE chief; Superdry CEO Dunkerton exploring possible takeover   business live
AI2, The Allen Institute for AI, releases the OLMo
The Soft Robotics BOD appoints Mark J. Chiappetta as President and CEO
Sustainability in AI is the Need of the Hour
Tim Cook 'incredibly excited' about Apple's generative AI coming later this year
Can data analyst experience be viewed as a negative?
Samattical
Pavle Jeremic, CEO of Aether
Who Else Remembers the Great Ape Escape of 2019?
The Morning After: The FCC wants to make AI-voiced robocalls illegal
As Podcastle raises $13.5M, its founder credits AI-driven growth in Armenia's 'Mini-Silicon Valley'
France Is Having an AI Moment
Big Book of R at 400 [New milestone!]
FCC proposal aims to outlaw AI-generated voices in robocalls after fake Biden message
Has ChatGPT rendered the US's education report card irrelevant?
Apple says it'll show its GenAI efforts 'later this year'
Meet Rufus: Amazon launches an AI chatbot to help shoppers
60+ Amazing Free HTML Bootstrap Starter Templates to Jumpstart Your Projects
H2O.ai's Danube and The Case for Smaller, More Accessible AI Models
Tim Cook is finally talking about AI on his own terms
The Impact of Artificial Intelligence on Employment in India
Tim Cook reveals Apple's shift towards generative AI, says announcements are arriving this year
Former Google Deepmind AI researcher launches startup to develop next-generation AI agents
Engineering Bolt  : #3 Friday Developer Fun
AI vision and autonomous lifeboats could be the future of search and rescue at sea
Converting JSONs to Pandas DataFrames: Parsing Them the Right Way
[Code Llama 70B] It is One Step Away From Surpassing GPT-4
[2402.00795] LLMs learn governing principles of dynamical systems, revealing an in-context neural scaling law
Engadget Podcast: Reviewing the Samsung Galaxy S24 lineup
The Download: how babies can teach AI, and new mRNA vaccines
Generate AI Images on Mobile in Seconds
[Exclusive] QuantumBlack Round-table // Gen AI Buy vs Build, Commercial vs Open Source
DSPy on ICL RAG Classification: Code explained
754: A Code-Specialized LLM Will Realize AGI   with Jason Warner
AI supercomputers are a new national priority - and Nvidia is looking to cash in
Beware of AI scams in 2024
How to load JSON data in PostgreSQL with the the COPY command
Adobe brings Lightroom and Firefly AI to the Apple Vision Pro
FCC Moves to Make Robocalls With AI-Synthesized Voices Illegal
Nvidia Landlord to Sell AI Chipmaker's Silicon Valley Offices
Trillo launches Trillo Workbench
Tenstorrent Engineers Talk Open-Sourced Bare-Metal Stack
As China-U.S. Relations Sour, Baidu's VC Affiliate Tries to Sell Its U.S. Startup Stakes
Master Essential   Key Statistics Every Aspiring Data Scientist Must Grasp Before Taking the Dive  .
[R] Tools for running baselines
Tesla is upgrading its Model Y's self-driving features in China amid fierce competition from BYD
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of February 2nd
Georgie Purcell photoshop scandal shows why transparency is crucial when it comes to AI
Amazon launches shopping chatbot Rufus
Mitigating System Bias in Resource Constrained Asynchronous Federated Learning Systems
EU countries strike a deal on the AI Act, after announcing pro-innovation measures and an AI Office; the bill awaits formal approval of EU Parliament (Gian Volpicelli/Politico)
Switching From Sphinx to MkDocs Documentation   What Did I Gain and Lose
Seeking Speed without Loss in Large Language Models? Meet EAGLE: A Machine Learning Framework Setting New Standards for Lossless Acceleration
Emergent Dominance Hierarchies in Reinforcement Learning Agents
A Theoretical Analysis of Noise Geometry in Stochastic Gradient Descent
HyperMask: Adaptive Hypernetwork-based Masks for Continual Learning
Boldness-Recalibration for Binary Event Predictions
FORESEE: Prediction with Expansion-Compression Unscented Transform for Online Policy Optimization
Revisiting LQR Control from the Perspective of Receding-Horizon Policy Gradient
Generalization of LiNGAM that allows confounding
Conformal Prediction Sets Improve Human Decision Making
Fine-Tune Language Models as Multi-Modal Differential Equation Solvers
The Data ROI Pyramid: A Method for Measuring & Maximizing Your Data Team
Generative quantum machine learning via denoising diffusion probabilistic models
Tackling Interference Induced by Data Training Loops in A/B Tests: A Weighted Training Approach
Probability-Generating Function Kernels for Spherical Data
Geometry-Aware Normalizing Wasserstein Flows for Optimal Causal Inference
Samsung Galaxy S24 and S24 Plus review: smart choices
Fair Sampling in Diffusion Models through Switching Mechanism
Instilling Inductive Biases with Subnetworks
Top Evaluation Metrics for RAG Failures
AMAGO: Scalable In-Context Reinforcement Learning for Adaptive Agents
Synthetic Skull CT Generation with Generative Adversarial Networks to Train Deep Learning Models for Clinical Transcranial Ultrasound
Untangling Meta's plan for its homegrown AI chips, set to actually roll out this year
OptiState: State Estimation of Legged Robots using Gated Networks with Transformer-based Vision and Kalman Filtering
Discovering interpretable elastoplasticity models via the neural polynomial method enabled symbolic regressions
Diffusion Model Conditioning on Gaussian Mixture Model and Negative Gaussian Mixture Gradient
Comparing Machine Learning Algorithms by Union-Free Generic Depth
Hierarchical Continual Reinforcement Learning via Large Language Model
A theoretical and empirical study of new adaptive algorithms with additional momentum steps and shifted updates for stochastic non-convex optimization
Piecewise Normalizing Flows
On the Second-Order Convergence of Biased Policy Gradient Algorithms
Amazon, Meta, Apple Earnings and the Vision Pro | Bloomberg Technology
Language-Conditioned Robotic Manipulation with Fast and Slow Thinking
Privacy Preserving Adaptive Experiment Design
Adaptive Compression-Aware Split Learning and Inference for Enhanced Network Efficiency
Fast Cerebral Blood Flow Analysis via Extreme Learning Machine
SiBBlInGS: Similarity-driven Building-Block Inference using Graphs across States
AGI Startup QX Lab Releases Multilingual AI Platform that Supports 12 Indic Languages
FastEmbed: Fast and Lightweight Embedding Generation for Text
Samsung Galaxy S24 and S24 Plus review: slightly bigger and brighter displays with flat edges, and the AI features are occasionally great but sometimes weird (Allison Johnson/The Verge)
Learning from Graphs with Heterophily: Progress and Future
Advanced RAG 02: Unveiling PDF Parsing
AI chatbots tend to choose violence and nuclear strikes in wargames
Cursor.sh   - a competitor to GitHub CoPilot
Why rate cuts this year could disappoint markets, Deutsche Bank says
Smarter eco-cities, AI and AI of Things, and environmental sustainability
Langevin Unlearning: A New Perspective of Noisy Gradient Descent for Machine Unlearning
Figure AI's Journey to Robotics Dominance with BMW, Microsoft, and OpenAI Support
Estimating Higher-Order Mixed Memberships via the $\\ell_{2,\\infty}$ Tensor Perturbation Bound
Generative machine learning methods for multivariate ensemble post-processing
On the design-dependent suboptimality of the Lasso
Elevating Customer Support With a LLM Whatsapp Travel Assistant.
DP-SGD with weight clipping
GD doesn't make the cut: Three ways that non-differentiability affects neural network training
EU ambassadors wave EU AI Act, setting a new benchmark for AI regulation
Online Graph Topology Learning from Matrix-valued Time Series
Not All Learnable Distribution Classes are Privately Learnable
It's tough out there but sometimes you get lucky!
First in-depth survey on the topic of deep transfer learning for intelligent vehicle perception
Simplify Your Data Engineering Journey: The Essential PySpark Cheat Sheet for Success!
Parameter Inference based on Gaussian Processes Informed by Nonlinear Partial Differential Equations
Cloud infrastructure saw its biggest revenue growth ever in Q4
[P] I'm creating a moderation classifier for this sub
Interpretable Concept Bottlenecks to Align Reinforcement Learning Agents
Meet DrugAssist: An Interactive Molecule Optimization Model that can Interact with Humans in Real-Time Using Natural Language
The 10% Who Move the World
On Accelerating Diffusion-based Molecular Conformation Generation in SE(3)-invariant Space
Sources: Baidu Venture is in talks to sell its stakes in US startups, including AI robotics startup Machina Labs, to US buyers, as US-China relations sour (Juro Osawa/The Information)
ACT: Empowering Decision Transformer with Dynamic Programming via Advantage Conditioning
Seeking Faster, More Efficient AI? Meet FP6-LLM: the Breakthrough in GPU-Based Quantization for Large Language Models
Breaking the Communication-Privacy-Accuracy Tradeoff with $f$-Differential Privacy
How to Build a Simple Generative AI Application with Gradio
Remixing Music for Hearing Aids Using Ensemble of Fine-Tuned Source Separators
Information-Theoretic Thresholds for Planted Dense Cycles
A Multi-Grained Symmetric Differential Equation Model for Learning Protein-Ligand Binding Dynamics
How Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg plans to make money from open-source AI
AI and the human body: Hidden assumptions in motion capture can have serious impact
Enhancing Energy-Awareness in Deep Learning through Fine-Grained Energy Measurement
Reliability and Interpretability in Science and Deep Learning
Implicit Manifold Gaussian Process Regression
Physics-constrained convolutional neural networks for inverse problems in spatiotemporal partial differential equations
EE-LLM: Large-Scale Training and Inference of Early-Exit Large Language Models with 3D Parallelism
EU's AI Act passes last big hurdle on the way to adoption
[D] BertClassification for really long input sentences.
Enhancing Blood Flow Assessment in Diffuse Correlation Spectroscopy: A Transfer Learning Approach with Noise Robustness Analysis
Collaborative likelihood-ratio estimation over graphs
Causal Reasoning: Charting a Revolutionary Course for Next-Generation AI-Native Wireless Networks
More on Astronomy: Eclipses
Exploring Random Quantum Circuits
Mancala: Multiway Analysis and Building a Game GUI in Wolfram Language
Leap AI: Easily Create AI Agents/Workflows with a Drag-and-Drop UI!
LLMTools and the LLMTool Repository
LLM Functions
Workshop: Book Publishing with the Wolfram Language
Active Learning for Students and Educators: Computational Adventures
Developments in Code-Building Tools
Wolfram Quantum Framework
The Wolfram Prompt Repository
Tech Consulting EdTech Efforts
Astrophotography Image Processing Workflows
Wolfram AI in Medical Imaging: Prostate Cancer Detection
A Modern Course in Mathematical Methods for the Physical Sciences Using Mathematica
Upgrading Epidemiological Models into War Models
From Rock-Paper-Scissors to BabyAGI: Harnessing LLMs with the Wolfram Language
Commonsense for Zero-Shot Natural Language Video Localization
A Weekend AI Project: Using Speech Recognition, PTT, and a Large Action Model on a Raspberry Pi
Faster DataFrame Serialization
Hugging Face launches HuggingChat Assistants, allowing users to create customized AI chatbots with specific capabilities using LLMs like Mixtral or Llama2 (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
[D] Graph-Mamba: Towards Long-Range Graph Sequence Modeling with Selective State Spaces
Researchers from the University of Kentucky Propose MambaTab: A New Machine Learning Method based on Mamba for Handling Tabular Data
'There is no such thing as a real picture,' says Samsung exec
Small LLMs Are Weak Tool Learners: A Multi-LLM Agent
SegMoE: Segmind Mixture of Diffusion Experts
OpenAI launches ChatGPT app for Apple Vision Pro
Introducing Another Indic Language Model on Llama 2, MalayaLLM
[D] I don't see enough people praising dinov2 here !
Demand forecast   a value-driven approach with 5 key insights
Has anybody played with Astrological sign as a feature?
[Discussion] Testing in ML
Zero-shot Generative Large Language Models for Systematic Review Screening Automation
Hugging Face launches open source AI assistant maker to rival OpenAI's custom GPTs
Introducing the Quad-Tile Chart & Squaremap: Squarify Your Data
Decoding PromQL: A Deep Dive into Prometheus Query Language
How Viswanathan Anand Uses ChatGPT
Pinecone Introduces Its Serverless Vector Database
Chinese automaker Geely launches 11 LEO satellites to provide high-precision positioning support to self-driving cars and expects 72 to be in orbit by 2025 (Reuters)
The 40 Under 40 Data Scientists Awards 2024: Meet the Winners
Meta's Fundamental AI Research (FAIR) lab, which is responsible for Llama, is made up largely of women; sources say ~60% of FAIR's leadership team are women (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
[P] Conway's game of life implement as a neural network
Resolution invariant deep operator network for PDEs with complex geometries
[Project] The best matrix multiplication algorithm for gradient descent.
Real-Time Anomaly Detection For Quality Control
NYU researchers develop AI that mimics a toddler's language learning journey
Detecting Concept Shift: Impact on Machine Learning Performance
Meet Dify.AI: An LLM Application Development Platform that Integrates BaaS and LLMOps
[Discussion] How to listen to machine learning paper PDFs
Visualizing What Batch Normalization Is and Its Advantages
books for practical interpretation for math in data science
Real-world Prometheus Deployment: A Practical Guide for Kubernetes Monitoring
This AI Paper Introduces Investigate-Consolidate-Exploit (ICE): A Novel AI Strategy to Facilitate the Agent's Inter-Task Self-Evolution
How to Approach Customer Prediction
Records show Apple's secretive auto unit almost quadrupled its self-driving miles on public roads in 2023, compared to 2022, jumping 2021's total by over 30x (Aarian Marshall/Wired)
Unlocking the Brain's Language Response: How GPT Models Predict and Influence Neural Activity
Google might launch its ChatGPT Plus competitor  Gemini Advanced  next week
Researchers from ETH Zurich and Microsoft Introduce SliceGPT for Efficient Compression of Large Language Models through Sparsification
Which one of these projects is best career-wise?
Google's MobileDiffusion generates AI images on mobile devices in less than a second
Nvidia H100 AI GPUs might cost 3 to 6 times as much as AMD's MI300s
AI Search Engine Bungles Facts When Profiled by the New York Times
Research Papers in January 2024
Scholar Creates AI Child Meant to Bring About Human-Level AI
Numpy Cheatsheet
What is Regression?
Neuralink's BCI Gets Implanted Into Its First Human!
The AI tools that might stop you getting hired
Coal Plants Staying Online Because AI Needs So Much Power
To benefit all, diverse voices must take part in leading the growth and regulation of AI
An Analysis of the Variance of Diffusion-based Speech Enhancement
This Week in AI: Do shoppers actually want Amazon's GenAI?
Code/Syntax Highlighting Using highlight.js - Displaying Code on Website/Blogger with jsDelivr CDN
Navigating the Exciting Stages: The Journey of a Machine Learning Project Life Cycle
World's First AI Child Tong Tong Unveiled in China
What Big Tech's balance sheets this week said   and didn't say   about real-world AI adoption
Mac keyboard shortcuts
Keyboard Shortcut Showdown: Mac vs. Windows
Windows Keyboard Shortcuts
Start your own podcast!!
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (February 2, 2024)
Vesperance is getting real. How I'm feeling about AI and the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Sparse LLMs at inference: 6x faster transformers! | DEJAVU paper explained
Pypelines: AutoML Open-Source in Python
Google is reportedly rebranding Bard to Gemini and plans to launch a dedicated app
Evaluating RAG Metrics Across Different Retrieval Methods
Meta can now secretly watermark deepfake audio
Are we close to AI being functional as a  friend ? (e.g. for lonely elderly people or in video games)
Beneath the Surface: A Closer Look at 4 Airflow Internals
Mamoon Hamid and Ilya Fushman of Kleiner Perkins:  More than 80%  of pitches now involve AI
Meet Yi: The Next Generation of Open-Source and Bilingual Large Language Models
A Meme's Glimpse into the Pinnacle of Artificial Intelligence (AI) Progress in a Mamba Series: LLM Enlightenment
Beyond Binary Classification   Breaking down Multiple Logistic Regression to its basics
Meet DiffMoog: A Differentiable Modular Synthesizer with a Comprehensive Set of Modules Typically Found in Commercial Instruments
easy-explain: Explainable AI for YoloV8
[P] Research Papers in Jan 2024: Model Merging, Mixtures of Experts, Towards Smaller LLMs
Survey Shows that More than 90% of Insurers Plan to Increase AI Investment   Top 4 Trends for Insurers in 2024
Meta found a way to secretly watermark deepfake audio
[R] Do people still believe in LLM emergent abilities?
Do any free online AI radio stations exist where you can pick what format it uses to play songs with like a real station would?
How to train your self-driving car
GenAI could disrupt over 200,000 entertainment industry jobs by 2026, says study
[R] TimesFM: A Foundational Forecasting Model Pre-Trained on 100 Billion Real-World Data Points, Delivering Unprecedented Zero-Shot Performance Across Diverse Domains
Introducing Nomic Embed: A Truly Open Embedding Model
[D] Seeking Advice: Transitioning from Industry to NLP Research
This AI Paper from NTU and Apple Unveils OGEN: A Novel AI Approach for Boosting Out-of-Domain Generalization in Vision-Language Models
AI afterlife, robot romance, and slow-burn slashers: the best of Sundance 2024
Google Deepmind and University of Toronto Researchers' Breakthrough in Human-Robot Interaction: Utilizing Large Language Models for Generative Expressive Robot Behaviors
Mastering Git: The 3 Essential Workflows for Efficient Version Controlling
[R] Proactive Detection of Voice Cloning with Localized Watermarking
Build Chat PDF app in Python with LangChain, OpenAI, Streamlit | Full project | Learn Coding
A changelog for Bard shows Google plans to rename Bard as Gemini, with an Advanced tier and an Android app (Ben Schoon/9to5Google)
Large Language Models Struggle to Learn Long-Tail Knowledge [R]
Generative AI News Rundown - Taylor Swift + Biden Deepfakes, Azure Growth, Indian LLM, Yelp, Shopify, Etsy and More
The Engineering behind Figma's Vector Networks
Samsung responds to criticism of the Galaxy S24's AI photo-editing features
Computer Vision deep dive interview
Advanced ETL Techniques for Beginners
The Short: Celebrating the best breakthroughs of 2023
Why do so many AI projects fail?
How AI Will Change Organized Labor
MobileAgent: Deploying Auto AI Agents on Your Phone using GPT-4-V!
This AI Paper from China Introduces SegMamba: A Novel 3D Medical Image Segmentation Mamba Model Designed to Effectively Capture Long-Range Dependencies within Whole Volume Features at Every Scale
DevSecOps   :  Implementing OWASP Scanning on Maven Packages in AWS CodePipeline
Enhancing the Accuracy of Large Language Models with Corrective Retrieval Augmented Generation (CRAG)
[R] Apple releases MGIE!
AI models get better with data unrelated to their actual tasks
AI Websites Collection
Chief AI officer is tech's hottest new role &mdash; but finding workers with the right skills is tough
What's your thought process for choosing the which model to use if your business partners wanted a regression but several important features don't meet the linearity assumption, while others do?
Researchers from the University of Washington Developed a Deep Learning Method for Protein Sequence Design that Explicitly Models the Full Non-Protein Atomic Context
A look at the decline of Quora, which used to stand out as an accuracy-focused, knowledge-centric platform but is now filled with bizarre, AI-generated entries (Nitish Pahwa/Slate)
Data Machina #239
Rivals say Neuralink's brain implant tech isn't unique or novel, but acknowledge that Elon Musk's attention grabbing has propelled the field closer to reality (Financial Times)
Meet Eagle 7B: A 7.52B Parameter AI Model Built on the RWKV-v5 architecture and Trained on 1.1T Tokens Across 100+ Languages
[R] Literature Review of Advances Recent in Deep Learning for Time Series Forecasting.
Data Scientist Vs. Data Analyst: Which one fits you?
The boss is going to look very different in the age of AI
Rephrasing the Web: A Recipe for Compute & Data-Efficient Language Modeling
Meta and Mark Zuckerberg must not be allowed to shape the next era of humanity |  Courtney Radsch
AI-Powered Clock Sometimes Hallucinates the Wrong Time
How A.I. Is Remodeling the Fantasy Home
Google Set to Release Gemini Ultra Next Week
Generate Unlimited AI Images for Free Online
AI agents can increase military escalation and nuclear risks, study says
Should i add another 3060 12gb to my current specs for deep learning ?
Why do we require a layer structure?
Investment in AI remained a dominant theme in tech earnings calls, with AI models that clients can customize according to their needs a key priority (Hayden Field/CNBC)
How to get real life experience as a newly graduate?
Hasty AI
Better RAG: Hybrid Search in Chat with Documents | BM25 and Ensemble
EP 08 - How AI is Revolutionising Cancer Research & Treatment | Tech Positivity | AIM
Google gives Google Maps LLM upgrade for better AI search
The Most Open Open Source Generative AI Release
Best Multilingual Voice Cloning AI with API?
Best AI that can analyze old questions and generate a mock test.
Adept's multimodal Fuyu-Heavy model is adept at understanding UIs and inferring actions to take
How to Guarantee the Safety of Autonomous Vehicles
[D] Is my timeseries too random to be predicted?
4 ways to help your organization overcome AI inertia
Makes sense.
[D] Publishing Negative Results
llm-sentence-transformers 0.2
9 Simple Tips to Take You From  Busy  Data Scientist to Productive Data Scientist in 2024
Are Outliers Harder To Predict?
(Easier) Root Cause Analysis of the Failure
[P] Tranformer-based Denoising AutoEncoder for Sentence Transformers Unsupervised pre-training
Celebrate with AI: Chinese New Year Tips from Mistral and LLaVA on Raspberry Pi
[N] Transformer Circuits Thread: Circuits Updates - January 2024 (from Anthropic's interpretability team)
How I can work in a computer vision job
Hugging Face takes on OpenAI's GPTs with new, accessible chat assistants
Quoting Armin Ronacher
Convert entire div data into image and save it into directory using JavaScript ft html2canvas.js
SK Hynix on track to deliver HBM3E this year, HBM4 memory for next-gen GPUs in 2026
AIWaves Introduces Weaver: A Family of LLMs Specialized for Writing Endeavors
Shapley Values Clearly Explained
[D] What should I do if an ICLR oral paper significantly overlaps my ICML 2020 paper and still gets accepted?
Meta Computer Vision Interview
How I Raised My ML Skills Using This Simple Project
Thinking about Specializing in Geospatial
[R] TabLib: A Dataset Of 627 Million Tables With Context
Quoting Charlie Marsh
Do any of you guys ever need to  get permission  to use Bayesian methods at work or do you just do it
Cropping Landsat Scenes from their Bounding Box using Python
[P] Chess-GPT, 1000x smaller than GPT-4, plays 1500 Elo chess. We can visualize its internal board state, and it accurately estimates the Elo rating of the players in a game.
[D] What are some MNIST/CIFAR level tasks in NLP and Speech Peocessing ?
Google DeepMind Researchers Unveil a Groundbreaking Approach to Meta-Learning: Leveraging Universal Turing Machine Data for Advanced Neural Network Training
Fantastic Data Unicorns and Where to Find Them?
Labour would force AI firms to share their technology's test data
Simplifying Data Analysis With AI and DevTools - for the non-Python developer!
Python Meets Pawn: Decoding My Chess Openings with Data Analysis
Russia and China discuss military use of artificial intelligence
Free AI Webinar: 'Inventory Management Using Object/Image Detection' (Time: Feb 7, 2024, 10AM - 11AM PST)
Visualize Endangered Animal Populations with Python
Classification in Machine Learning
NVIDIA's New Gaming AI Looks Like Reality!
US police departments are using AI software from Chicago-based Truleo and other companies to analyze millions of hours of unreviewed body-cam footage (Umar Farooq/ProPublica)
Are  Citizen Data Scientists  Real?
Lumiere: A Space-Time Diffusion Model for Video Generation (Paper Explained)
FAST Local Live LLM Preview Window - Phi-2 / Mistral 7B Uncensored
NEW DSPyG: DSPy combined w/ Graph Optimizer in PyG
The Problem with Notebooks
Why is RAG so popular?
Ana Lucia Gonzlez Paz: A Map Inside
Moral Graphs: Interview with OpenAI Grant Winners! Meaning Alignment Institute: Aligning Humanity!
What's the best AI research agent you've used?
Alibaba Researchers Introduce Mobile-Agent: An Autonomous Multi-Modal Mobile Device Agent
AI that finds songs most similar to an existing song
LWiAI Podcast #153 - Taylor Swift Deepfakes, ChatGPT features, Meta-Prompting, two new US bills
Michelangelo's David Meets Modern 3D Imaging Technology
RT-DETR: Paper Explanation and Inference
Tagging Mountaineering Accident Reports Using bart-large-mnli
Don't Know What is Python GIL? This May be the Easiest Tutorial
A Beginner's Guide to Building Knowledge Graphs from Videos
6 Mistakes Beginner Data Science Students Make
Encoding Categorical Variables: A Deep Dive into Target Encoding
This AI Paper from CMU and Apple Unveils WRAP: A Game-Changer for Pre-training Language Models with Synthetic Data
[D] Have there been any good comparisons of machine learning on a 4080 vs a 7900XTX?
[R] Winning Tiffany Back: How to Defeat an AI Boyfriend
Made the jump recently from being a research scientist. Started interviewing again and keep bombing soft skill questions due to lack of experience, please help.
My Redemption Arc
Meet RAGatouille: A Machine Learning Library to Train and Use SOTA Retrieval Model, ColBERT, in Just a Few Lines of Code
Apple Introduces Cost-Effective Language Models for Limited Domain Use
Learn Lambda Calculus in 10 minutes with OCaml
Scaling Sparse Fine-Tuning to Large Language Models
Meta Oversight Board Warns Rules on Fake Posts Are 'Incoherent'
LatentView Analytics Exceeds Indian IT GenAI Confidence
[Exclusive] How NASSCOM is Enabling BharatGPT Adoption in India
Esker named in First-Ever Gartner Magic Quadrant  for S2P Suites
The SHAKTI-Man of India
Robot Goes Fishing: Rapid, High-Resolution Biological Hotspot Mapping in Coral Reefs with Vision-Guided Autonomous Underwater Vehicles
Alchip Technologies demonstrates IC Ecosystem at Chiplet Summit
Choosing the Right AI Assistant Extension: A Comprehensive Guide
Researchers train robotic sensor to read braille at high speed
Intel's Startup Chief on Trends in the AI Landscape
The journey to self-optimizing business processes
Karnataka Govt and Truecaller Collaborate for Cybercrime Awareness
A RAG-based Question Answering System Proposal for Understanding Islam: MufassirQAS LLM
NoFunEval: Funny How Code LMs Falter on Requirements Beyond Functional Correctness
AI Tools That You Know But Don't Use   Bing Image Creator
TikTok Researchers Introduce 'Depth Anything': A Highly Practical Solution for Robust Monocular Depth Estimation
[D] Any larger teams switching away from wandb?
How Broadridge's OpsGPT is Redefining Trading
Sam Altman says ChatGPT should be 'much less lazy now'
How VCs can assess and attract winners in a landscape that's now crowded with AI startups
Survey: Over half of undergrads in UK are using AI in university assignments
Researchers from ETH Zurich and Microsoft Introduce EgoGen: A New Synthetic Data Generator that can Produce Accurate and Rich Ground-Truth Training Data for EgoCentric Perception Tasks
Meta publishes prompt engineering guide for Llama 2
Building Plaid's ML Fraud Detection Application an apply() Fireside Chat
This AI Paper from China Introduces BGE-M3: A New Member to BGE Model Series with Multi-Linguality (100+ languages)
Epson Robots to showcase Automation Solutions at ATX West 2024
Sources: soaring appetite for its AI chips and manufacturing constraints have forced Huawei to prioritise AI and slow production for its premium Mate 60 phones (Reuters)
IIANet: An Intra- and Inter-Modality Attention Network for Audio-Visual Speech Separation
[R] Zero-Shot Machine Unlearning at Scale via Lipschitz Regularization
A Linguistic Comparison between Human and ChatGPT-Generated Conversations
Contrastive Preference Optimization: Pushing the Boundaries of LLM Performance in Machine Translation
Sony AI Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
What courses or programs would you take if they existed?
Leveraging Professional Radiologists' Expertise to Enhance LLMs' Evaluation for Radiology Reports
Recent Advances in Hate Speech Moderation: Multimodality and the Role of Large Models
MagicPose: Realistic Human Poses and Facial Expressions Retargeting with Identity-aware Diffusion
Improving QA Model Performance with Cartographic Inoculation
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra: What I Love and What I Don't
Learn To Leverage AI Art With This $30 Bundle
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra review: the Swiss army knife of phones, now with AI
Hyperparameter tuning via trajectory predictions: Stochastic prox-linear methods in matrix sensing
Pyppeteer Tutorial: The Ultimate Guide to Using Puppeteer with Python
One AI Tool For All Your Needs
SuperCLUE-Math6: Graded Multi-Step Math Reasoning Benchmark for LLMs in Chinese
Q&A with Andrew Farnsworth, a Cornell Lab of Ornithology scientist, about BirdCast, a project that uses AI to process weather data and predict how birds migrate (Malena Carollo/The Markup)
A Data Lake, You Call It? It's a Data Swamp
Elon Musk hopes Neuralink test results will soon reveal that a patient controlled a phone with their thoughts
Working Memory Capacity of ChatGPT: An Empirical Study
Higher-order accurate two-sample network inference and network hashing
Superficial Coworkers in organization with low data science maturity
Why developers should put the database first
3DPFIX: Improving Remote Novices' 3D Printing Troubleshooting through Human-AI Collaboration
Birlasoft Launches Generative AI Platform Cogito
Adobe Brings Generative AI to Apple Vision Pro
Meet CompAgent: A Training-Free AI Approach for Compositional Text-to-Image Generation with a Large Language Model (LLM) Agent as its Core
Consulting
On the Semantics of LM Latent Space: A Vocabulary-defined Approach
AI chip company TensTorrent partners with C-DAC for Digital India's futureLABS
The Role of CMMS, IoT, and AI in Maintenance Operations
Multinational reportedly loses HKD 200 million to deepfake fraud
Biden robocall: Audio deepfake fuels election disinformation fears
High-dimensional mixed-categorical Gaussian processes with application to multidisciplinary design optimization for a green aircraft
Best GPU tensor abstraction libraries with efficient compilation? (Triton, Halide, Tensor Comprehensions, TorchScript etc.) [D]
Generative HTTP API Clients
Taylor Swift Deepfakes Originated From AI Challenge, Report Says
Writing Python scripts to automate infrastructure in Terraform
Pokmons Come to Life with LLMs
Everyone used to hate cubicles. Now we long to have them back.
Bridging Cultural Nuances in Dialogue Agents through Cultural Value Surveys
Why Is Big Tech Still Cutting Jobs?
Is AI really the biggest threat when our world is guided more by human stupidity? | Nouriel Roubini
Decoding AI Beyond Buzzwords for Absolute Beginners 2024
Apple's Vision of the Future
Despite global frenzy, investor enthusiasm in China's AI startups wanes
Sources: the UK shelved plans to publish rules on the training of AI models using copyrighted material, after artists and tech groups failed to agree terms (Financial Times)
Language Modeling From Scratch
Facebook rules allow altered video casting Biden as paedophile, says board
UK fails to reach consensus on AI copyright code in major blow to artists
EU states give green light to artificial intelligence law
Police departments are using AI to review bodycam footage, and police unions are not happy about it
The Rise of AI in Chatbot Development
Microsoft is teaming up with Semafor on AI-assisted news stories
Creating Movie Trailers With AI
Java News Roundup: LibericaJDK with RISC-V, Payara Platform, Gradle 8.6, LangChain4j, Spring Cloud
Can AI Unlock the Secrets of the Ancient World?
Reaction Video - Apple Vision Pro | Episode 14 | AIM
AI helps scholars read scroll buried when Vesuvius erupted in AD79
Why Most AI Projects Fail
Jua raises $16M to build a foundational AI model for the natural world, starting with the weather
Machine Learning Algorithms
FLaNK Stack 05 Feb 2024
Evaluating Siamese Network Accuracy (F1-Score, Precision, and Recall) with Keras and TensorFlow
LangChain 101: Part 3a. Talking to Documents: Load, Split and simple RAG with LCEL
How to Support Developers in Building AI Workloads
How to succeed in applied machine learning
People are buying pre-built PCs to sell scavenged RTX 4090 cards in China
Graphika: the viral pornographic deepfakes of Taylor Swift originated from a 4chan challenge to bypass anti-porn filters on Microsoft Designer and DALL-E (Margi Murphy/Bloomberg)
AI X-Risk: Connor Leahy v. Beff Jezos Debate Recap + Terminal Race Condition Redux and Update
John Snow Labs Sets New Standards in Healthcare AI with Record-Breaking Growth in 2023
The Top 13 Trends in 2024: AI Predictions
Fascination, persistence and optimism: how Fei-Fei Li  helped shape the AI revolution in a field dominated by alpha males
Palantir Reports First Profitable Year, Citing Big AI Demand
Microsoft strikes an AI deal with Semafor for a breaking news feed called Signals; Ben Smith says it will be written by journalists, using AI as a research tool (Anna Nicolaou/Financial Times)
Microsoft in deal with Semafor to create news stories with aid of AI chatbot
Researchers develop AI-powered 'eye' for visually impaired people to 'see' objects
Samsung Argues That There is 'No Such Thing as a Real Picture'
Author Admits to Using AI to Write Award-winning Novel
Advancing AI Alignment with Human Values Through WARM
KB-Plugin: A Plug-and-play Framework for Large Language Models to Induce Programs over Low-resourced Knowledge Bases
Copilot by the Numbers: Microsoft's Big AI Bet Paying Off
Weekly Top Picks #61
First Scientific Study Involving Large Computational Loads Completed Over a Decentralized.
This AI Paper from Apple Proposes Acoustic Model Fusion to Drastically Cut Word Error Rates in Speech Recognition Systems
'OnlyFake' is Pumping Out Hyper-Realistic Fake IDs, Photos Included
Pay rate for data scientist/content strategist
[D] How to Optimize PyTorch ML Cost and Performance
Semafor reporters are going to curate the news with AI
Bumble's new AI tool identifies and blocks scam accounts, fake profiles
4chan daily challenge sparked deluge of explicit AI Taylor Swift images
New Open Source Python Library Named Taipy Offers Streamlined Data Science Applications
Google may launch its ChatGPT Plus competitor  Gemini Advanced  in 48 hours
Attempts to demolish guardrails in AI image generators blamed for lewd Taylor Swift deepfakes
How do you quantify/justify your job value as a data analyst or scientist?
Meet Time-LLM: A Reprogramming Machine Learning Framework to Repurpose LLMs for General Time Series Forecasting with the Backbone Language Models Kept Intact
AMOR: A Recipe for Building Adaptable Modular Knowledge Agents Through Process Feedback
In Tests, GPT-4 Strangely Itchy to Launch Nuclear War
ReBarUEFI utility can enable Resizable BAR on older gaming PCs
Neon Looks to Light Up Cloud Postgres Market
Books, Courses, and Live Events to Learn Generative AI with O'Reilly
Courage to Learn ML: Tackling Vanishing and Exploding Gradients (Part 1)
Huawei just retasked a factory to prioritize AI over its bestselling phone
The Vesuvius Challenge prize has been awarded! [N]
A look at OnlyFake, an underground site that claims to use  neural networks  to make highly convincing fake IDs for just $15; one ID passed verification on OKX (Joseph Cox/404 Media)
Nomic Embed: Training a Reproducible Long Context Text Embedder
How does Sidekiq really work?
The New 3-Legged Stool of Sustainable Innovation: Data, AI, & Human Creativity
A Trustworthy Model for Loan Eligibility Assessment
How AI Is Shifting Developer Culture and Work at GitHub
Dexa aims to get more out of podcasts with AI-powered search
Best mnemonic device to remember confusion matrix metrics?
Apple's latest AirPods have fallen to some of their best prices to date
New Method Brings Together AI and Satellite Imagery To Map Crop-Livestock Integration Systems
BigQuery Methods For Re-Creating Pandas' Top EDA Functions
How symmetry can come to the aid of machine learning
I just tried Google's ImageFX AI image generator, and I'm shocked at how good it is
Object Detection Basics   A Comprehensive Beginner's Guide (Part 1)
Generating Usable Text with AI
3 Students Reveal Secrets of 2000-Year-Old Scroll In Breakthrough Discovery
Palantir reports Q4 revenue up 20% YoY to $608.4M, vs. $602.4M est., net income $93.4M, up from $30.9M YoY, and LLM tech saw  unrelenting  demand; PLTR up 14%+ (Ashley Capoot/CNBC)
Demystifying Time Series Outliers: 3/4
Google reportedly rebranding Bard to Gemini, adding 'Advanced' subscription service
Scientists Train AI Using Headcam Footage From Human Toddler
How researchers used AI to read the Herculaneum papyri, charred in 79 AD by Mount Vesuvius' eruption, potentially rewriting key parts of ancient world history (Bloomberg)
Generate Code, Answer Queries, and Translate Text with New NVIDIA AI Foundation Models
How to Chat with Any Open Source LLM for Free with Your iPhone
OpenVoice: Versatile Instant Voice Cloning
Facebook rules allowing fake Biden  pedophile  video deemed  incoherent
Tech Evolution: Tina Huang on AI in Education, Freelancing Success, and Productivity Hacks
A Comparative Analysis of Conversational Large Language Models in Knowledge-Based Text Generation
The Role of AI in Digital Transformation
Apple has eye on building bigger genAI data sets
AI was the talk of Davos. Here's what marketers need to know
Microsoft says it wants to help journalists with AI, not replace them
Solving a Tennis Refactoring Challenge in Python using SOLID
I have optimized my work with text-to-SQL translator improved with vector search
Navigating the Evolution: Transitioning from Traditional Analytics to AI
Hugging Face Launches Chat Assistants, Takes on OpenAI's GPT Store
Eight tech firms vow to build 'more ethical' AI with UN
[D] AMD Software Maturity vs Nvidia
Midjourney hires veteran Apple Vision Pro engineer as head of hardware to build its  Orb
React: Runway AI Film Competition - First Impression
AI for Education, Freelancing, Boosting Personal Productivity and more with @TinaHuang1
Helping or Herding? Reward Model Ensembles Mitigate but do not Eliminate Reward Hacking
The Main Drawback of AutoML
AI Trends 2024: Reinforcement Learning in the Age of LLMs with Kamyar Azizzadenesheli - #670
China's RELENTLESS with new AI (Qwen 1.5) LLMs!!!
LEAK: Google Gemini Ultra Coming This Week?
AI meets AR as ChatGPT is now available on the Apple Vision Pro
UK gov't touts $100M+ plan to fire up 'responsible' AI R&D
Musk's Track Record, OpenAI Success Are xAI's Biggest Investor Pitches
[D] Evaluation metrics for LLM apps (RAG, chat, summarization)
Google Finally Challenges ChatGPT
Data Quality Top Obstacle to GenAI, Informatica Survey Says
Audacity for Windows now features AI audio plugins
Avoiding Jupyter Notebooks entirely and doing everything in .py files?
[R] Sparsetral - parameter efficient sparse MoE crafted from mistral
The UK government plans to spend &pound;100M+ to support AI innovation and regulation, including to launch nine research hubs and to help regulators address AI risks (Natasha Lomas/TechCrunch)
[D] Why isn't more research being done in neuro-sumbolic AI direction?
Navigating Slowly Changing Dimensions (SCD) and Data Reinstatement: A Comprehensive Guide
A Blueprint to AI Coins: Is the Risk Worth the Reward?
Last Week in AI #256: A truly open LLM, Deepfake scams $34 million, FCC cracks down on AI robocalls, how AI is used in music, and more!
Starship Technologies raises $90M to roll out delivery droids
How To Create Accessible Graphs For Colorblind People
UK to Spend More Than 100m to Tackle Challenges Posed by AI
Navigating the Art of Presales Pitches Part 1: Beyond Pitch Minimalism
One person can supervise 'swarm' of 100 unmanned autonomous vehicles
Coke's AI-Generated Super Bowl Ad Is Downright Scary
Roblox rolls out real-time AI chat translations, with support for 16 languages, built on an LLM trained on open-source and internal Roblox data (Ryan Morrison/Tom's Guide)
shot-scraper 1.4
Ancient Herculaneum scroll piece revealed by AI : A Greek philosopher's musings on pleasure, contained in ancient papyrus scrolls buried by Mount Vesuvius's eruption 2000 years ago, have been rediscovered with the help of AI
Don't wait for Post Office-style scandal before regulating AI, ministers told
How do you usually prefer to consume your Data Science related content? As written text, video, audiobooks or interactive jupyter notebooks?
AI Startup Roundup: Apple Eyes AI Startup to Fuel Vision Pro Plans
B.C. ruling on AI 'hallucinated' fake legal cases could set precedent, experts say
PokLLMon Triumph: Georgia Tech Unleashes the First LLM Agent Mastering Human-Level Skills in Pokemon Battles
I Built a Platform to Help Users Practice Programming Challenges Guided by AI
Generative AI in the classroom risks further threatening Indigenous inclusion in schools
UK invests 100M in AI research and regulation, 45M in quantum
Cross-lingual Editing in Multilingual Language Models
Ambience Healthcare raises $70M for its AI assistant led by OpenAI and Kleiner Perkins
A Quantitative Discourse Analysis of Asian Workers in the US Historical Newspapers
Chinese EV sellers found a loophole to export cars around the world
China's generative video race heats up
Top 10 Global Data Labelling & Annotation Companies
IBM announced IBM LinuxONE 4 Express
AI-as-exploration: Navigating intelligence space
A general theory for robust clustering via trimmed mean
Model Editing Can Hurt General Abilities of Large Language Models
India's Oldest Data Centre Operator Announces INR 1900 Cr Expansion Plan
On the strong stability of ergodic iterations
Singapore removes personal data collected for COVID-19 contact tracing
Humanloop: Providing picks and shovels for the AI gold rush
Dexory strategically expands into the North American market.
Finding a Needle in the Adversarial Haystack: A Targeted Paraphrasing Approach For Uncovering Edge Cases with Minimal Distribution Distortion
What babies can teach AI
Applications of artificial intelligence in the analysis of histopathology images of gliomas: a review
The Connection Between R-Learning and Inverse-Variance Weighting for Estimation of Heterogeneous Treatment Effects
Parameter-Efficient Conversational Recommender System as a Language Processing Task
Additional Look into GAN-based Augmentation for Deep Learning COVID-19 Image Classification
Google spends $1M to Rust Foundation to build Rust C++ Interoperability
The Machine Vision Iceberg Explained: Advancing Dynamic Testing by Considering Holistic Environmental Circumstances
[D] Play the game or do the science in ML publishing.
Utilization of Non-verbal Behaviour and Social Gaze in Classroom Human-Robot Interaction Communications
Policy Gradients: The Foundation of RLHF
How   and why   to upskill your employees
Anyone elses company executives losing their shit over GenAI?
We just launched our 2nd FREE Email Course (5 Days): AI in Healthcare: Create your own Meditron 7B LLM + RAG app
[R] Is Mamba Capable of In-Context Learning?
Press Ganey unveils AI-driven Products and Features at HX Conference
AI models just love escalating conflict to all-out nuclear war
[Exclusive] Bhashini's Amitabh Nag on Breaking Language Barriers in India
Language Models Understand Numbers, at Least Partially
Multi-User Chat Assistant (MUCA): a Framework Using LLMs to Facilitate Group Conversations
How to assemble a generative AI dream team
SMIC's Profit Beats Estimates On Strong Demand for Huawei Phones
Solving Differential Equations With Neural Networks
Presentation: Ephemeral Execution Is the Future of Computing, but What About the Data?
How to Apply Sorting on Tables in HTML Using JavaScript: Sortable Paginated Tables
Nvidia, Cisco to Help Companies Build In-House AI Computing
Deep Learning: How to Accelerate Application Development
Word-Level ASR Quality Estimation for Efficient Corpus Sampling and Post-Editing through Analyzing Attentions of a Reference-Free Metric
BodyArmor's Super Bowl ad uses AI surrealism against artificial ingredients
TOP 10 insideBIGDATA Articles for January 2024
Large Malaysian Language Model Based on Mistral for Enhanced Local Language Understanding
Transfer Learning for the Prediction of Entity Modifiers in Clinical Text: Application to Opioid Use Disorder Case Detection
Colossyan uses GenAI to create corporate training videos
UK commits more than 100m for AI research and regulation
Roblox adds real-time AI chat translation using its own language model
Jeff Echols honored as a 2024 CRN Channel Chief
Analog Devices to Make Custom Chips for India
Improving Speaker Diarization using Semantic Information: Joint Pairwise Constraints Propagation
gRPC Name Resolution & Load Balancing on Kubernetes: Everything you need to know (and probably a bit more)
This AI Paper from UT Austin and JPMorgan Chase Unveils a Novel Algorithm for Machine Unlearning in Image-to-Image Generative Models
The FCC plans to stop accepting new enrollments for a US government broadband subsidy, used by 23M households, which is set to run out of funding in months (David Shepardson/Reuters)
InstructPix2NeRF: Instructed 3D Portrait Editing from a Single Image
The Anatomy of Conspirators: Unveiling Traits using a Comprehensive Twitter Dataset
Retrieval-augmented generation, step by step
[D] Anyone else sad that arxiv-vanity is down?
SSCFormer: Push the Limit of Chunk-wise Conformer for Streaming ASR Using Sequentially Sampled Chunks and Chunked Causal Convolution
Zero-Shot End-to-End Spoken Language Understanding via Cross-Modal Selective Self-Training
Journalism Needs AI to Stay Relevant
Researchers from EPFL and Meta AI Proposes Chain-of-Abstraction (CoA): A New Method for LLMs to Better Leverage Tools in Multi-Step Reasoning
DrawTalking: Building Interactive Worlds by Sketching and Speaking
Ransomware threat mitigation through network traffic analysis and machine learning techniques
Analyzing datasets with trillions of records?
IIT Kanpur Develops India's First Hypervelocity Expansion Tunnel Test Facility
Knowledge Graph Driven Recommendation System Algorithm
Tradeoffs Between Alignment and Helpfulness in Language Models
Automatic Labeling of Object Detection Datasets Using GroundingDino
Explicit AI Images of Taylor Swift Traced Back to 'Challenge' on 4Chan
Fusion of Single and Integral Multispectral Aerial Images
5 Why Problem Solver
Elon Musk's AI startup is courting potential investors with a pitch deck that touts access to the 'Muskonomy'
Scaling CX Opportunities in Financial Services - with Ciprian Porutiu of Marsh McLennan
Growth-Focused ML Team: Build-week Project Recap (Part 1)
Knowledge Series #23: Passkeys explained
Meta says you better disclose your AI fakes or it might just pull them
Admissions essay reviewers say that certain words, such as  tapestry , appear more frequently in submissions now and can be seen as red flags that AI was used (Forbes)
Were Our 2023 Cloud Predictions Correct?
Could AI Disrupt Peer Review?
Why We're Worried About the Wrong AI Security Risk; Gemini is Coming (Again)
AI helped decipher a philosopher's musings about 'pleasure' after they were buried by Vesuvius' eruption 2,000 years ago
Marketers: Choose GenAI Progress Over Perfection
Super Micro Computer's 700% Gain Eclipses Nvidia as 'Backdoor' to AI Frenzy
Learn About LLMs With These ODSC East 2024 Sessions
Flight Slider in HTML + CSS
A LangChain + OpenAI Complete Tutorial for Beginner   Lesson 1 Building Chatbot with LangChain.
The DURel Annotation Tool: Human and Computational Measurement of Semantic Proximity, Sense Clusters and Semantic Change
Layer-Wise Analysis of Self-Supervised Acoustic Word Embeddings: A Study on Speech Emotion Recognition
Meta pushes to label all AI images on Instagram and Facebook in crackdown on deceptive content
Microsoft to add Copilot AI to OneDrive, but it will cost you
OpenAI Releases New Embedding Models and Improved GPT-4 Turbo
10 Best AI Pitch Deck Builders
Which Open-Source LLM Should You Choose in 2024?
Meta plans to ramp up labeling of AI-generated images across its platforms
Nvidia's Dominance in AI Chips Challenged by Big Tech Companies
The Download: using AI to access mental health services, and the natural gas debate
This AI newsletter is all you need #85
How AI will change phones   and the whole internet
5 FREE Courses on AI and ChatGPT to Take You From 0-100
5 steps board members and startup leaders can take to prepare for a future shaped by GenAI
Loss Masking Is Not Needed in Decoder-only Transformer for Discrete-token-based ASR
PC CPU shipments grew nearly 22% in Q4 amid robust laptop and desktop sales
Yellen Says Regulators, Institutions Should Deepen AI Awareness
The Combined Power of Chronosphere and Calyptia
AI helps students skip right to the good stuff in this intro programming course
AI unrolls the past, helps decipher ancient Herculaneum scrolls buried by Vesuvius
15 big ideas that will revolutionize industries and economies, led by AI
Meta to Detect and Label More AI-Created Posts as Elections Loom
8 Must-Know OCR Tools for Training AI/ML Models
AI startups stay cool as UK signals 'binding' safety requirements
Open-source Python Youtube Downloader
Some OpenAI Investors Sit Out Share Sale, Reflecting AI Divide
UK Government Announces Major AI Policy Update at Cohere's London Office
AI-generated Biden calls came through shady telecom and Texan front 'Life Corporation'
FOD 39: Truly Open   We Explore Who Stands Behind OLMo's Release
AI and the Risk of Technological Colonialism
Finally, now with $10M, adds AI for better insight into small business accounting
The Essential Guide to SQL's Execution Order
A list of resources, articles, and opinion pieces relating to generative AI models   February 2024 update
Meta will start detecting and labeling AI-generated images from other companies
Meta proposes standards to identify AI content that its industry peers could use, and plans to label AI images posted on Facebook, Instagram, and Threads (Mike Isaac/New York Times)
Meta to expand labelling of AI generated imagery in election-packed year
Can we talk about our own well-being for a second?
[D] What to do with a good, unpublishable idea due to low compute budget?
Meta Calls for Industry Effort to Label A.I.-Generated Content
A Day in the Life of an Analytics Consultant in 2024
What is Hybrid Search?
The Math Behind KNN
Synthetaic claims synthetic data is as good as the real thing when it comes to AI
Meta Will Crack Down on AI-Generated Fakes but Leave Plenty Undetected
Ancient scrolls destroyed by volcano can now be read thanks to AI
Meta wants industry-wide labels for AI-made images
Why Latin American SaaS startups are different from their U.S. peers
BNY Mellon expands collaboration with Microsoft to enhance data platform
Nvidia's value surges about $500 billion in 6 weeks &mdash; that's almost as much as Tesla is worth
Breaking Down DENSE_RANK(): A Step-by-Step Guide for SQL Enthusiasts
A deep reinforcement learning approach to enhance autonomous robotic grasping and assembly
Texas-based NinjaOne, which helps automate IT processes, raised a $231.5M Series C led by ICONIQ Growth at a $1.9B valuation and counts Nvidia among its users (Mehnaz Yasmin/Reuters)
Opensource Alternative to OpenAI GPTs
AI in Software Development: Exploring GitHub Copilot with Insights from the ELEKS R&D Team
Comparing Quantization Techniques for Scalable Vector Search
Mobile robots use AI and 3D vision to pick ecommerce orders in warehouse
Amazon ML Expert: What Makes Models Truly Open Source
Leland Hyman, Lead Data Scientist at Sherlock Biosciences   Interview Series
Optimizing Super Bowl Squares with Linear Programming
The Data Lakehouse Is On the Horizon, But It's Not Smooth Sailing Yet
How To Set Up Your Coding Environment
AI Launches Nukes In 'Worrying' War Simulation: 'I Just Want to Have Peace in the World'
Linking the unlinkables; simple, automated, scalable data linking with Databricks ARC
GitHub: Open Source Projects Risk Dying Without More Funding
Meta wants to better identify and recognize AI images and content
A LangChain + OpenAI Complete Tutorial for Beginner   Lesson 2 Advanced Chatbot with RAG and Vector.
Set up a local LLM on CPU with chat UI in 15 minutes
Meta will label AI-generated content from OpenAI and Google on Facebook, Instagram
An AI Image App That Puts Clothes on Nude Women is Suddenly Popular
OpenAI's high valuation has some investors skeptical
AI Plain and Simple: What's the big deal? Is it going to kill everyone? How can do do this right?
Prepare your LLMs with H2O LLM DataStudio!
[AUDIO DESCRIBED] Using AI to help helping blind and partially-sighted people perceive the world
Using AI to help helping blind and partially-sighted people perceive the world
Elixir in Action, Third Edition - First Chapter Summary
LangChain XML Agents with Anthropic, Cohere, and Pinecone
Say Goodbye to Language Barriers!
Training & Finetuning LLMs: Quantization
World's first AI child: Tong Tong from China
Watching Storms from Space: A Python Script for Creating an Amazing View
Mystery Company Linked to Biden Robocall Identified by New Hampshire Attorney General
Meta to Label AI Images on Facebook, Instagram, and Threads
Ikea's AI assistant gives design inspiration   at least it tries to
The LLM Series #2: Function Calling in OpenAI Models: A Practical Guide
EU proposes criminalizing AI-generated child sexual abuse and deepfakes
[P] Constitutional AI recipe with open LLMs
Two Texas companies were behind the AI Joe Biden robocalls
11 Open-Source Data Engineering Tools Every Pro Should Use
Meta's Plans to Label AI-Generated Content Are a Sad Fart
Hackers Steal $25 Million by Deepfaking Finance Boss
Nicki Minaj, Who's Used AI, Decries Use of AI
Australian Organisations Need to Build Trust With Consumers Over Data & AI
Companies can become more creative by adapting their strategy to include AI and generative AI
Level up: 10 Tips for Writing Better Code
Graph neural networks in TensorFlow
Where are the new AI jobs? Just ask AI
Meta to try 'cutting edge' AI detection on its platforms - asking people to add labels
Language Bias, Be Gone! CroissantLLM's Balanced Bilingual Approach is Here to Stay
OpenAI equips DALL-E 3 with C2PA metadata to increase transparency of AI images
Phony AI Biden robocalls reached up to 25,000 voters, says New Hampshire AG
Zyphra Open-Sources BlackMamba: A Novel Architecture that Combines the Mamba SSM with MoE to Obtain the Benefits of Both
Arc Search aims to revolutionize browsing, AI, and search, all at once
How complex ARE your models in Industry, really? (Imposter Syndrome)
Top Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024 Sessions
Simple Flask Integration for an Elastic Semantic Search App
A Data Mesh Implementation: Expediting Value Extraction from ERP/CRM Systems
Akai adds a 37-key standalone workstation to its MPC lineup
Meta introduces  Imagined with AI  labels for AI-generated content on its social media platforms
AI Unravels Ancient Roman Scrolls Charred By Volcano
UK to Open 9 AI Research Hubs, Upskill Staff
[D] LLMs are known for catastrophic forgetting during continual fine-tuning
The power of two random choices, visualized
Confirmed: Entrust is buying AI-based ID verification startup Onfido, sources say for more than $400M
OpenAI is adding new watermarks to DALL-E 3
Generative AI, Bullshit as a Service
Six MIT students selected as spring 2024 MIT-Pillar AI Collective Fellows
Copilot: Weapon For Laid Back Developers
Sentiment Analysis with OpenAI API
AI Unlocks Ancient Greek Scrolls Destroyed by Mt Vesuvius
Data synthesis for SOTA LLMs
AI is supercharging collaboration between developers and business users
SQL for Data Scientists in 100 Queries
Cisco, Nvidia Offer Alternative to Cloud Giants' AI Infrastructure
AI's most popular chipmaker Nvidia is trying to use AI to design chips faster
Roblox's new AI chat translator can help you understand 16 languages in real time
Bumble's new 'Deception Detector' uses AI to weed out fake dating profiles
[D] Reviewers abusing ChatGPT to write review
ID management company Entrust acquires Onfido, a London-based provider of automated identity verification services, sources say for  well above  $400M (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Mozilla Fellowship & Awards News: December 2023-January 2024
AI breakthrough enables scientists to read Roman scrolls once buried by Mount Vesuvius
Generative AI Research Spotlight: Personalizing Text-to-Image Models
[D] L40S vs A100 vs A40 for AI/ML research
AI's Dark Side: OnlyFake's $15 Toolkit for Crafting Cryptocurrency Heist-Ready Identities
Everything You Can Do with Python's textwrap Module
Meta to label AI-generated images from Google, OpenAI and Adobe
Microsoft CEO Nadella on AI LLM race: 'We are waiting for competition to arrive'
Think Twice: Measuring the Efficiency of Eliminating Prediction Shortcuts of Question Answering Models
Listen, Chat, and Edit: Text-Guided Soundscape Modification for Enhanced Auditory Experience
Sig-Networks Toolkit: Signature Networks for Longitudinal Language Modelling
Conditional Optimal Transport on Function Spaces
ChatGPT will digitally tag images generated by DALL-E 3 to help battle misinformation
Spatially Covariant Image Registration with Text Prompts
REBORN: Reinforcement-Learned Boundary Segmentation with Iterative Training for Unsupervised ASR
Get start with AWS!
Tech Trends 2024: What's on the Horizon?
Position Paper: Against Spurious Sparks-Dovelating Inflated AI Claims
MR-GSM8K: A Meta-Reasoning Revolution in Large Language Model Evaluation
Distilling Event Sequence Knowledge From Large Language Models
Linear-time Minimum Bayes Risk Decoding with Reference Aggregation
I'm an AI startup founder and love hiring liberal arts grads. They give us a surprising edge.
LLM Comparative Assessment: Zero-shot NLG Evaluation through Pairwise Comparisons using Large Language Models
Microsoft's Nadella Calls on India to Seize Opportunity of AI
Apple Researchers Introduce LiDAR: A Metric for Assessing Quality of Representations in Joint Embedding JE Architectures
An Efficient Convex Hull-based Vehicle Pose Estimation Method for 3D LiDAR
LLsM: Generative Linguistic Steganography with Large Language Model
How to Estimate Model Transferability of Pre-Trained Speech Models?
AWS, T-Hub Partner to Launch India's First Spacetech Accelerator Programme
Interplay between depth and width for interpolation in neural ODEs
AnyTool: Self-Reflective, Hierarchical Agents for Large-Scale API Calls
NESTLE: a No-Code Tool for Statistical Analysis of Legal Corpus
Assessing the nature of large language models: A caution against anthropocentrism
Researchers from McGill University Present the Pythia 70M Model for Distilling Transformers into Long Convolution Models
Detection of tortured phrases in scientific literature
Help for generative AI is on the way
How GPT-4 can learn to make decisions in dynamic scenarios
An LLM Compiler for Parallel Function Calling
Sources: OpenAI, DeepMind, and others seek clarity over how the UK's AI Safety Institute is testing their AI models, timeframe, and the feedback process (Financial Times)
O3D: Offline Data-driven Discovery and Distillation for Sequential Decision-Making with Large Language Models
Software-Based Dialogue Systems: Survey, Taxonomy and Challenges
Nine Rules for Accessing Cloud Files from Your Rust Code
ByteDance's China Chief Resigns After CEO Seeks Greater Urgency
A Paradigm Shift in Machine Translation: Boosting Translation Performance of Large Language Models
CodeScope: An Execution-based Multilingual Multitask Multidimensional Benchmark for Evaluating LLMs on Code Understanding and Generation
Anritsu and DeepSig revolutionizing Spectrum Sensing with AI
A look at OpenAI's  Democratic Inputs to AI  grant program, which awarded $100K each to 10 teams to design ideas and tools to collectively govern AI systems (Billy Perrigo/TIME)
Selecting Seed Words for Wordle using Character Statistics
Galileo AI
IBM Japan and NTT think they can make datacenter aircon adjust to different workloads
VoroNav: Voronoi-based Zero-shot Object Navigation with Large Language Model
Need some tips to gain respect from an arrogant reportee.
Deepfake 'face swap' attacks surged 704% last year, study finds
Self-Discover: Large Language Models Self-Compose Reasoning Structures
Diggibyte Technologies is Certified as Best Firm for Data Engineers
Best AI Meeting Note-taking Apps to Try in 2024
[Discussion] How do you show that a kernel is valid mathematically?
AI doctors and chatbot nurses? Labour must show the future of the NHS isn't so dystopian | Jeni Tennison
Google Launches TensorFlow GNN 1.0 for Advanced Graph Neural Networks
Comparing Abstraction in Humans and Large Language Models Using Multimodal Serial Reproduction
VLATTACK: Multimodal Adversarial Attacks on Vision-Language Tasks via Pre-trained Models
Critical Data Size of Language Models from a Grokking Perspective
TSMC's Monthly Sales Rise in Latest Sign of Sector Recovery
[D] How do these LLMs train on scientific data with symbols, equations, etc.?
Mean-field underdamped Langevin dynamics and its spacetime discretization
Joy Buolamwini's 'Unmasking AI' unearths the bias in AI technologies and aims to hold Big Tech to account
NanoNER: Named Entity Recognition for nanobiology using experts' knowledge and distant supervision
OpenAI to watermark AI images in metadata. But is it enough?
UK government plans to spend over 100M on AI ... but copyright code is held up
The Harsh Reality of Being an ML Researcher
How Neuraspace aims to clean up orbital clutter with AI
Can Generative Agents Predict Emotion?
Harnessing PubMed User Query Logs for Post Hoc Explanations of Recommended Similar Articles
Microsoft to Train 2 Million People With AI Skills In India
Improving Grounded Language Understanding in a Collaborative Environment by Interacting with Agents Through Help Feedback
Podcast: Generally AI Episode 3: The Founders of CS and AI
Estimation of sparse linear regression coefficients under $L$-subexponential covariates
On the Relationship between Sentence Analogy Identification and Sentence Structure Encoding in Large Language Models
Can Large Language Models Detect Rumors on Social Media?
What is 'Typological Diversity' in NLP?
Meet Symbolicai: A Machine Learning Framework that Combines Generative Models and Solvers for Logic-Based Approaches
7 Best WordPress AI Plugins to Try in 2024
Smaug-72B, a Qwen-72B-based open-source LLM released by Abacus AI, tops the Hugging Face Open LLM leaderboard and outperforms GPT-3.5 on several benchmarks (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
LPNL: Scalable Link Prediction with Large Language Models
New innovation hub launched in Europe by AI specialist Sepp Hochreiter
Build Your Own Synthetic Data
Measuring Implicit Bias in Explicitly Unbiased Large Language Models
SimLM: Can Language Models Infer Parameters of Physical Systems?
UK AI startup Greyparrot bags strategic tie-up with recycling giant Bollegraaf
This CRAZY Paper on Mamba has got some REAL Juice!!!
Innovation and Storytelling in Real Estate - with John D'Angelo of Deloitte
Wrestling with AI and the AIpocalypse we should be worried about
Navigating the AI Landscape in 2024: Prioritizing Ground-Truth Data, Developer Enablement, and Consumer Privacy
This AI Paper from Alibaba Introduces EE-Tuning: A Lightweight Machine Learning Approach to Training/Tuning Early-Exit Large Language Models (LLMs)
Sources: Shanghai plans to accelerate approvals for foreign firms wanting to send their local data offshore, a major relaxation of China's stringent data rules (Reuters)
The UK is outpacing the US for AI hiring
Fake calls using AI voice of Biden used to discourage US voters
BrainSightAI's Laina Emmanuel on Synapsing AI and Neurosurgery
What a future without browser cookies looks like
The Next Big Hyperscaler Could Emerge Out of India
[D] Does anyone else feel like there's an entire workforce out there being led astray with unrealistic expectations of what an ML career offers and expects?
The EU wants to criminalize AI-generated porn images and deepfakes
OSC (orthogonal signal correction), CFS (correlation based feature selection), Lasso prior to PLS model building
Could AI create a one-person unicorn company?
BlackRock Aladdin business development executive joins Clearwater Analytics
Donald Trump Tweet Generator  slips through OpenAI's GPT moderation cracks
How to use Google Bard: Everything you should know
Becoming a Cicerone (Certified Beer Expert)
Using AI to monitor the internet for terror content is inescapable   but also fraught with pitfalls
Primeiros passos no Docker
Your brain is a simulation machine.
Confessions of an AI Clickbait Kingpin
Tina Huang on AI, Education, Freelancing, and Boosting Personal Productivity
Apple partners with University of California researchers to release open-source AI model MGIE, which can edit images based on natural language instructions (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
UC Berkeley Researchers Introduce SERL: A Software Suite for Sample-Efficient Robotic Reinforcement Learning
This Guy Used ChatGPT to Talk to 5,000 Women on Tinder and Met His Wife
Spaceship Titanic- A Machine Learning Project-I for Beginners
Generative AI and the New Frontier in Cybersecurity
LinkedIn's New AI Chatbot Wants to Help You Find Your Next Job
RoboChem: a platform for optimising photochemical processes
The Download: China's chiplets, and OpenAI's DALL-E 3 watermarking
5 Free Courses to Master Python for Data Science
OpenAI is adding digital watermarks to its AI-generated images &mdash;  but it's not a perfect solution
Alignment-as-a-service: Scale AI vs. the new guys
[R] Text Generation with TED - Trainable Exponential Decay(s)
Why Knowledge Management Doesn't Work
Even ChatGPT Says ChatGPT Is Racially Biased
Getting started with Elasticsearch + Python
Former Google News Director Admits Big Tech Is Killing Journalism
Behind the Screen: Investigating ChatGPT's Dark Personality Traits and Conspiracy Beliefs
Stable Video Diffusion: The best open source AI video model gets a major update
TNW Podcast: The AI Act and an AI leak
Network Graph Data Modeling   Solving Tic Tac Toe Without the Minimax Algorithm
AI is setting humanity on the path to a new age of discovery
IBM's Matthew Candy Sees Evidence of Innovation in Australia's 2024 Pursuit of Generative AI Scale
Adaptive robot can open all the doors
New AI Circuitry That Mimics Human Brains Makes Models Smarter
International research team develops new hardware for neuromorphic computing
[P] WandB for Mobile (iOS & Android)
Meet OLMo (Open Language Model): A New Artificial Intelligence Framework for Promoting Transparency in the Field of Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Sentiment Analysis in Python: Going Beyond Bag of Words
FCC Issues Cease & Desist to Company Behind Deepfake Biden Primary Election Phone Calls
Python 3.12.2 and 3.11.8 are now available.
Real-time Object Detection without Training
Making of AI tool Chatpdf.so
The Metamodern Data Stack - Built for the age of AI
An in-depth look at Common Crawl, the 9.5PB web crawl archive dating back to 2008 run by a small nonprofit, its role in generative AI, its dataset, and more (Mozilla Foundation)
What Is Python?
DoP Deep: Uber, Instacart and how to introduce ads as a new product revenue stream
Simplify looks to AI to help with job searches and applications
AI Deployed Nukes 'to Have Peace in the World' in Tense War Simulation
One Trillion Row Challenge (1 TRC)
One Class of AI Startups That Can Thrive Without Funding: Porn Chatbots
GPU Computing for Accelerating Drug Discovery Processes
Microsoft's next big AI push is here after a year of Bing
AI and the Written Word: Redefining Creativity in the Era of Assistance vs. Generation
Using AI to monitor the internet for terror content is inescapable but also fraught with pitfalls
An interview with Neboj&scaron;a Vujinovi&#263; Vujo, who runs 2,000+ AI-generated news sites, often hosted on popular, dormant domains, and claims to have human editors (Kate Knibbs/Wired)
Device Authority secures $7M from leading Global Cybersecurity VC
Datasette 1.0a8: JavaScript plugins, new plugin hooks and plugin configuration in datasette.yaml
Europe's New AI Rules Could Go Global--Here's What That Will Mean
Churn Prediction: Using Gradio
YouTube's future: AI, subscriptions, and transforming users into creators
Plainsight Technologies introduces FilterBox
OpenAI's New Watermark Will Make Our Fake Image Problems Worse
Simple ideas to improve your RAG (Stanford, Google)
The Realistic Approach to MLOps // Jonathan Frankle // MLOps Podcast clip #205
AI has decoded a 2,000-year-old mystery: The Vesuvius Challenge | Ancient Rome #ai #history #explore
Combine AI Tools for Incredible Results
LangChain: A Beginner's Guide to Harness the Power of Language Models
Sony's latest PS5 beta update brings AI noise cancellation to the controller
Research Focus: Week of February 5, 2024
Aembit elevates data security standards with SOC 2 Type II Compliance
Lisa Erickson joins Aderant to Catalyze AI & Cloud Development
Building a Data Fortress: Data Security and Privacy in the Age of Generative AI and LLMs
Quoting Neal Stephenson
Microsoft redesigns Copilot for the web and mobile
Meet Connery: An Open-Source Plugin Infrastructure for OpenGPTs and LLM apps
Skylum Luminar Neo Review: Easiest AI Photo Editing Tool?
Doctors benefit from AI help, but gaps in diagnosing skin diseases on darker skin persist
Microsoft brings new design-focused features to Copilot
Self-Reflective RAG with LangGraph
Highlights of the OpenAI's New GPT Store
Microsoft's Super Bowl ad is a sign of the company's shifting AI priorities
What to know about the rising threat of deepfake scams
Microsoft's Threat Analysis Center says Iran's cyber operations in Israel show how Iran could target the 2024 US elections, including AI-generated fake news (Connor Jones/The Register)
Generative AI Playground: LLMs with Camel-5b and Open LLaMA 3B on the Latest Intel GPU
Microsoft updates Copilot with a redesigned look, a new AI model for Copilot's Balanced mode called Deucalion, and new image creation and editing features (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Set up Python on Fedora Linux: 4 Steps
New AI Patent Study Shows IBM Leads Google and Microsoft in GenAI Race
LLMOps: The Next Frontier for Machine Learning Operations
O Mtodo Equals em Java
New Paper From Apple Hopes to Reduce Error Rates in Speech Recognition Systems
Google DeepMind Unveils New Approach to Meta-Learning
Building YouTube Recommender System with Video Thumbnails and Titles
AI for Web Devs: Deploying Your AI App to Production
OnePlus 12 review: A no-nonsense flagship for a great price
OpenAI, Microsoft or Google: Who's Winning the Gen AI Patent Battle?
Dimensionality Reduction Made Simple: PCA Theory and Scikit-Learn Implementation
Building a Multi-Purpose GenAI Powered Chatbot
Waymo driverless car strikes bicyclist in San Francisco, causes minor injuries
Machine Learning Algorithms as a Mapping Between Spaces: From SVMs to Manifold Learning
PowerShell Team Eyes AI LLM Integration in Shell
Elon Musk Says He'll Help Fund AI Effort to Decipher Roman Scrolls
What are Vector Embeddings?
3 Key Encoding Techniques for Machine Learning: A Beginner-Friendly Guide
These Galaxy AI Features Are Likely Coming to Older Samsung Phones
Q&A: Researcher discusses how newly developed method can help robots identify objects in cluttered spaces
Whether of politicians, pop stars or teenage girls, sexualised deepfakes are on the rise. They hold a mirror to our sexist world
[2402.04239] CAST: Clustering Self-Attention using Surrogate Tokens for Efficient Transformers
AI can use human perception to help tune out noisy audio
Want to work in AI? How to pivot your career in 5 steps
CUDA Quantum Introduces More Capabilities for Quantum Accelerated Supercomputing
How to keep your art out of AI generators
Microsoft's Web Copilot AI chatbot gets a makeover and image editing upgrades
AI for Web Devs: Deploying Your AI-Powered App with Qwik and OpenAI
How Lenovo works on dismantling AI bias while building laptops
Apple releases a capable open-source model for image editing with text
Microsoft Enhances Generative AI Copilot for Super Bowl Ad Release
Standards Matter for Cars, Plugs, WiFi and AI?
Use pgvector for searching images on Azure Cosmos DB for PostgreSQL
No Data Annotation is Required For Segmentation
Submitting a form in Nextjs 14 with onBlur, server actions, and validation
Apple made an AI image tool that lets you make edits by describing them
Age Calculator Using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: A Beginner's Guide
[D] Optimizing PyTorch Performance and Costs with Cloud Storage Solutions
Your current PC probably doesn't have an AI processor, but your next one might
AI2: OLMo Large Language Model is 'Truly Open Source'
How Apple Won Generative AI 17 Years Ago
AI-enabled PCs and genAI smartphones set to take off
Don't wear Apple Vision Pro while piloting a self-driving Tesla, officials warn
I'm the global director of talent acquisition at Ancestry. Here's how I use AI and other tools to diversify the workforce.
The First AI Beer Species
#168 Ian Bremmer on Regulating AI for a Safer Future
Moloch is Losing! Meaning Crisis, Metacrisis, and Nihilistic Crisis Update - Solutions & Narratives!
AI is Personal: On Microsoft's Copilot Super Bowl Ad
AI Freelancers vs. Employees vs. Entrepreneurs: Which is Right For You?
Getting Back on Grid
The LEAKED GPT-4 system prompt is Insane!
Amazon's Cloud Boss Likens Generative AI Hype to the Dotcom Bubble
OpenAI Shifts AI Battleground to Software That Operates Devices, Automates Tasks
Hiring GenAI Talent: It's a Matter of Degree
AMD Radeon 7900 XT gets price drop, down to $699
How do you ask somebody for a job without asking for a job?
[D] Your sentiment towards momentum encoders, self-supervision by contrastive, reconstructive, predictive methods
How To Create Powerful Embeddings From Topology Information In Graphs
AI Controller Interface: Generative AI with a lightweight, LLM-integrated VM
How Google Lookout's AI can describe images for the visually impaired
Sources: OpenAI is developing two types of agent software: one to automate tasks by effectively taking over a user's device, and the other for web-based tasks (The Information)
Generating Videos from Images with Stable Video Diffusion and FiftyOne
Meta will add AI labels to Facebook, Instagram, and Threads
Apple Working on Foldable iPhone
OpenAI forms a new team to study child safety
What are LLMs, and how are they used in generative AI?
Man Uses AI to Talk to 5,000 Women on Tinder, Finds Wife
But What is Backpropagation, Really? (Part 1)
Bridging the Test Coverage Gap With Proactive Monitoring in Production and Testing Environments
Canada's proposed AI law too vague, Big Tech executives say
Cisco, Nvidia expand collab to push Ethernet into AI clusters
Prescriptive Analytics Courses
Elevate Your GitHub README Game
Anyone else sometimes dream about spreadsheets, database and arithmetics and then instantly wake up because their brain can't handle that level of complexity in their sleep?
[P] Pearl-3x7B, an xtraordinary Mixure of Experts (MoE) for data science
Llamaindex Query Pipelines: Quickstart Guide to the Declarative Query API
Nomic Embed: The Inaugural Open-Source Long Text Embedding Model Outshining OpenAI's Finest
ChatGPT: Your Time-Saving Companion for UML Diagram Generation
Intel Core Ultra NPUs receive a boost from Windows 11 DirectML preview
[D] For music generation, we need to focus on MIDI more than other formats.
[D] Binary classification by a neural network using time series data as input
The Biden administration names White House economic adviser Elizabeth Kelly to lead the NIST's newly formed AI Safety Institute to develop AI testing standards (Josh Boak/Associated Press)
Operator of AI-Powered Joe Biden Unmasked, Criminal Investigation Opened
Quantitative Metrics for Benchmarking Medical Image Harmonization
You couldn't build a company like this in Silicon Valley.  OpenAI alum raises $21m for German autonomous factories
ConvLoRA and AdaBN based Domain Adaptation via Self-Training
LGM: Large Multi-View Gaussian Model for High-Resolution 3D Content Creation
An objective comparison of methods for augmented reality in laparoscopic liver resection by preoperative-to-intraoperative image fusion
Looking for a better fit? An Incremental Learning Multimodal Object Referencing Framework adapting to Individual Drivers
Mesh-based Gaussian Splatting for Real-time Large-scale Deformation
Vision-Language Dataset Distillation
Microsoft to Extend Shiksha CoPilot to 100 Schools
Natural Language Processing Advances Lead to Superior AI Assistants
Motion Mapping Cognition: A Nondecomposable Primary Process in Human Vision
Channel-Selective Normalization for Label-Shift Robust Test-Time Adaptation
Instacart Creates Real-Time Item Availability Architecture with ML and Event Processing
Daedalus, which is building precision-manufacturing factories powered by AI, raises $21M
A look at the use of AI in Indonesia ahead of Feb. 14 elections, as vendors and campaigns push the limits of guidelines issued by OpenAI, Midjourney, and others (Reuters)
Robot Interaction Behavior Generation based on Social Motion Forecasting for Human-Robot Interaction
Cortical Surface Diffusion Generative Models
Apple releases an AI model that can edit images based on text-based commands
Towards General Visual-Linguistic Face Forgery Detection
Pioneering Large Vision-Language Models with MoE-LLaVA
Getting fresh: How supermarkets are using AI to predict sales
(Why) Is My Prompt Getting Worse? Rethinking Regression Testing for Evolving LLM APIs
General Neural Gauge Fields
Cross3DVG: Cross-Dataset 3D Visual Grounding on Different RGB-D Scans
Taoping reports Record 78% Y-O-Y Contract Revenue Growth for January
Triplet-constraint Transformer with Multi-scale Refinement for Dose Prediction in Radiotherapy
Gary Shilling says the S&P 500 may crash 30%, a recession will hit &mdash; and bitcoin and AI are both overhyped
Vivim: a Video Vision Mamba for Medical Video Object Segmentation
Evaluating Robustness of Visual Representations for Object Assembly Task Requiring Spatio-Geometrical Reasoning
An Outlook into the Future of Egocentric Vision
LightGaussian: Unbounded 3D Gaussian Compression with 15x Reduction and 200+ FPS
Microsoft Backs Sarvam AI to Scale Indic LLMs
Mamba-UNet: UNet-Like Pure Visual Mamba for Medical Image Segmentation
Troublemaker Learning for Low-Light Image Enhancement
SoftBank-backed AI data security company Cohesity agrees to acquire the data protection unit of multi-cloud data management firm Veritas, sources say for ~$3B (Reuters)
DFormer: Rethinking RGBD Representation Learning for Semantic Segmentation
Is Two-shot All You Need? A Label-efficient Approach for Video Segmentation in Breast Ultrasound
Language-Based Augmentation to Address Shortcut Learning in Object Goal Navigation
A Survey on Domain Generalization for Medical Image Analysis
Opera to deploy AI cluster in Iceland with NVIDIA DGX supercomputing
Stable Score Distillation for High-Quality 3D Generation
Authorization and Authentication in Django
Select2Col: Leveraging Spatial-Temporal Importance of Semantic Information for Efficient Collaborative Perception
Unsupervised Deep Learning Image Verification Method
Application analysis of ai technology combined with spiral CT scanning in early lung cancer screening
Evolutionary Computation in the Era of Large Language Model: Survey and Roadmap
Build Eminem Bot App with LangChain, Streamlit, OpenAI | Full Python Project | Tutorial | AI ChatBot
From Numbers to Knowledge: The Role of LLMs in Deciphering Complex Equations!
MIRT: a simultaneous reconstruction and affine motion compensation technique for four dimensional computed tomography (4DCT)
[R] A Phase Transition between Positional and Semantic Learning in a Solvable Model of Dot-Product Attention
AINS: Affordable Indoor Navigation Solution via Line Color Identification Using Mono-Camera for Autonomous Vehicles
VALUED -- Vision and Logical Understanding Evaluation Dataset
iDeLog: Iterative Dual Spatial and Kinematic Extraction of Sigma-Lognormal Parameters
Detection and Pose Estimation of flat, Texture-less Industry Objects on HoloLens using synthetic Training
Bidirectional Autoregressive Diffusion Model for Dance Generation
3D printer-controlled syringe pumps for dual, active, regulable and simultaneous dispensing of reagents. Manufacturing of immunochromatographic test strips
ProxyDet: Synthesizing Proxy Novel Classes via Classwise Mixup for Open-Vocabulary Object Detection
Spintronics for image recognition: performance benchmarking via ultrafast data-driven simulations
MixFormerV2: Efficient Fully Transformer Tracking
6 Must-Attend AI Conferences in India This Year
[D] PhD?
Efficient Multi-Resolution Fusion for Remote Sensing Data with Label Uncertainty
EDO-Net: Learning Elastic Properties of Deformable Objects from Graph Dynamics
NormAUG: Normalization-guided Augmentation for Domain Generalization
Transcending Domains through Text-to-Image Diffusion: A Source-Free Approach to Domain Adaptation
OpenAI Cribbed Our Tax Example, But Can GPT-4 Really Do Tax?
Taming Reversible Halftoning via Predictive Luminance
CSS Cartoons
Scalable 3D Panoptic Segmentation As Superpoint Graph Clustering
Microsoft partners with Bengaluru-based Sarvam AI, which is building LLMs that support Indian languages, for developing voice-based generative AI tools (Yuvraj Malik/Reuters)
Two Types of AI Existential Risk: Decisive and Accumulative
Attentive.ai snags $7M to boost automation in landscaping, construction services
SoftBank Swings to Profit and Refocuses Its Strategy Around Arm
Presentation: PRQL: A Simple, Powerful, Pipelined SQL Replacement
French Competition Watchdog Starts AI Inquiry on Big Tech Role
[R] Grandmaster-Level Chess Without Search
7 Vector Databases Every Developer Should Know!
NVIDIA Introduces Metropolis Microservices for Jetson to Run AI Apps at the Edge
AI is the Future, and the Future of AI is India
Heard on the Street   2/8/2024
Lagers vs Ales: The Real Difference (Amusingly) Explained
Long-term monitoring of bird flocks in the wild   interview with Kshitiz
6 Free Computer Vision Courses Online
CMU Researchers Introduce OWSM v3.1: A Better and Faster Open Whisper-Style Speech Model-Based on E-Branchformer
Eye On AI: Despite Need, US-Based AI Chipmakers Not Seeing Investor Love
Software Meets Hardware: Enabling AMD for Large Language Models
The US says OpenAI, Anthropic, Microsoft, Meta, Google, Apple, Amazon, Nvidia, Palantir, and over 200 others are joining the new AI Safety Institute Consortium (David Shepardson/Reuters)
This Survey Paper from Seoul National University Explores the Frontier of AI Efficiency: Compressing Language Models Without Compromising Accuracy
Kyndryl Expands Partnership to bring Google Gemini for Generative AI Solutions
CodeSignal launches a learning platform with an AI-powered guide
Savant 0.2.7 is out: computer vision framework optimized for Nvidia
Q&A with Medium CEO Tony Stubblebine on Medium expecting to turn a profit in 2024, distribution, training LLMs, AI-generated content, media layoffs, and more (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
DeepMind framework offers breakthrough in LLMs' reasoning
Edge 368: Inside MemGPT: A Framework for Building Autonomous Agents You Should Know About
LLM Prompt & Model Playground
Arm shares soar on rising demand for AI technology
How to Choose the Right AI Model for Your Enterprise
German startup Daedalus, which uses AI to help manufacture precision parts in its Karlsruhe factory, raised a $21M Series A led by Nokia-funded NGP Capital (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
[R] A decoder-only foundation model for time-series forecasting
Iran-backed hackers interrupt UAE TV streaming services with deepfake news
The Download: Google's Gemini plans, and virtual power plants
Sertraline only works for 1 in 3 depression patients, AI study finds
Google goes all in on its Gemini model, launches $20 paid tier for Gemini Ultra
Max Life Insurance Selects Oracle Exadata Platform within OCI
Google Assistant Just Got Supercharged With AI. It Might Be the Biggest Update in Google's History.
Google Assistant is now powered by Gemini   sort of
Google's Gemini is now in everything. Here's how you can try it out.
[Miqu-1 70b] Where does Miqu come from? Is it really Mistral-Medium?
Knowledge workers who don't use AI will fall behind, says top executive
OpenAI is Developing AI Agents
Google Releases Gemini, an A.I.-Driven Chatbot and Voice Assistant
Google's Gemini Advanced: Tasting Notes and Implications
Google adds a $20 per month AI Premium plan to Google One, offering Gemini Advanced with the Ultra 1.0 model, and rebrands Duet AI as Gemini for Workspace (Abner Li/9to5Google)
[D]  Doubt with Loss function
How to Get Gemini Advanced, Google's Subscription-Only AI Chatbot
AI-powered Prompt-to-Figma Design is Here
India Needs Quality Data for Indic LLMs
Tim Cook, Steve Ballmer and Jamie Dimon are among the few US billionaires who didn't found a company or inherit a fortune
An interview with Sundar Pichai on the evolving web, training Gemini to be a multimodal AI, future paid and ad-supported generative AI, hallucinations, and more (Lauren Goode/Wired)
Google AI: Gemini Advanced and Google One AI launch
Google Rebrands Its AI Chatbot as Gemini to Take On ChatGPT
Google releases Gemini Ultra 1.0, the largest and most capable version of its LLMs, and renames Bard to Gemini, which now has a dedicated Android app (David Pierce/The Verge)
AI Images Generated on DALL-E Now Contain the Content Authenticity Tag
Gemini Advanced Is a Central Part of Google's Subscription Future
Attention Mechanism
Google Prepares for a Future Where Search Isn't King
Google's AI now goes by a new name: Gemini
AI could help cut voter fraud   but it's far more likely to disenfranchise you
Avalere Health appoints Effie Baoutis as President of Medical
The next chapter of our Gemini era
Free Data Science Interview Book to Land Your Dream Job
Google's AI product lead explains why the company is doing a 'clean-up' and renaming everything 'Gemini'
Top 5 AI Coding Assistants You Must Try
Crux is building GenAI-powered business intelligence tools
How does model monitoring work in a proper tech company?
Visualization, Math, Time Series, and More: Our Best Recent Deep Dives
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #11
The Mythical Data Team
Google rebrands its Bard AI chatbot as Gemini, which now has its own Android app
I'm a ChatGPT pro but this quick course taught me new tricks, and you can take it for free
Benchmarking Python Processing Engines: Who's the Fastest?
Google Unleashes Gemini for a New AI Experience
Documenting Your Tech Journey: The Key to Success
Google changes Bard's name to Gemini: unveils new Android app and advanced AI model
Google Releases Gemini Ultra, Rebrands Chatbot Bard to Gemini
The Building Blocks of LLMs: Vectors, Tokens and Embeddings
OpenAI reportedly developing two AI agents to automate entire work processes
Briefing: YouTube's big bets, Snap slumps, Airbnb's Winter Redesign
How OpenAI plans to make ChatGPT a 'supersmart' assistant by getting the bot to use your computer for you
Google Bard is now Gemini as Android gets new AI assistant
AI in Defense Electronics: Don't Push Everything to the Edge
Google Gemini Advanced hands-on: clearly a GPT-4 class model, but doesn't obviously blow away GPT-4 in benchmarks; Gemini is better than GPT-4 at explanations (Ethan Mollick/One Useful Thing)
Google's Strange Decision to Not Undercut OpenAI and Microsoft; OpenAI's Secret Agents
[D] Bard is now Gemini (Free trial to Gemini Ultra)
[D] Off my chest. I'm doing PhD in ML, and I'm a failure.
Google joins the C2PA steering committee to develop a standard to label AI content via metadata alongside Adobe, the BBC, Microsoft, Sony, and others (Tiffany Hsu/New York Times)
AR glasses with multimodal AI nets funding from Pokmon Go creator
The most promising AI smart glasses are from a brand you've never heard of
Google launches Gemini Advanced subscription with its most powerful Ultra model
You can try Google's new 'AI Premium Plan' for free. Here's how (and why you'll want to)
What is spatial computing and how does it work?
Google's Gemini AI app to land on phones, making it easier for people to connect to a digital brain
Best Object Detection Models in 2024
Favorable Winds for AMD in the GenAI Chip Market
Meta, Hugging Face, AMD: AI's Future Must Be Open Source
D1srupt1ve elevates Corporate Headquarters to the Heart of Las Vegas
Cybercriminals are creating their own AI chatbots to support hacking and scam users
Mozilla CEO Mitchell Baker steps down to focus on AI and internet safety as chair of the nonprofit; Mozilla board member Laura Chambers will be interim CEO (Diane Brady/Fortune)
The FCC says robocalls that use AI-generated voices are illegal
NVIDIA H100 GPU cloud contract signed with AI company, poolside
Ireland's 'Davos for Deep Tech' takes place in Cork
Cohere Joins New U.S. AI Safety Institute Consortium
Upstash's serverless data platform hits ARR of $1M just two years after seed funding
Glass supercharges smartphone cameras with AI   minus the hallucinations
Leaked memo: Microsoft employees should be using Copilot too
D-Wave and Zapata AI announced a multi-year strategic partnership
You could lie to a health chatbot   but it might change how you perceive yourself
AI in the developing world: how 'tiny machine learning' can have a big impact
AI-Generated Voices in Robocalls Are Now Illegal
A Recipe For AI Strategy
Human-in-the-loop with OpenGPTs and LangGraph
Cloud Intelligence at the speed of 5000 tok/s - with Ce Zhang and Vipul Ved Prakash of Together AI
Can GPT-4 plan your next vacation? TravelPlanner benchmark reveals the harsh truth
TinySAM : Pushing the Boundaries for Segment Anything Model
Generate subtitles with OpenAI Whisper and Eyevinn OSC
Is overfitting always a bad thing?
Google, Apple, Meta and other huge tech companies join US consortium to advance responsible AI
What is SAML? A practical guide to the authentication protocol
The global AI arms race is much more about competing businesses than about competing governments
Hands-On Training Sessions Coming to ODSC East
AI and Big Tech's role in elections to be included in EU's DSA
The FCC outlaws scam robocalls featuring fake, AI-created voices, giving state AGs more legal tools to pursue illegal robocallers that use such voices (Brian Fung/CNN)
Making LLMs Friendly With Fine-Tuning, Open-Source Data Engineering Tools, and GPT Store Highlights
Improving Data Privacy in AI Systems Using Secure Multi-Party Computation
Google joins C2PA metadata and transparency initiative
I made it....!!!!
Microsoft upgrades Copilot AI with inline image editing and better suggested prompts
Rob Gurzeev, CEO & Co-Founder of CyCognito   Interview Series
AI is going to save software companies' dreams of growth
AI spurs space sector innovation
Tiny Quadrotor Learns to Fly in 18 Seconds
Subbarao Kambhampati: Planning, Reasoning, and Interpretability in the Age of LLMs
INSTALL NEWLY UPDATED UNCENSORED FaceGen Ai in 1 CLICK!
How Graph Neural Networks Are Transforming Industries
Mitigating LLM hallucinations paper breakdown
Google's New AI Watched 30,000,000 Videos!
Difference between LLM Pretraining and Finetuning
Gemini Ultra 1.0 - First Impression (vs ChatGPT 4)
Ophir Kra-Oz , CPO of accessiBe
Adrit Rao - AI student, app developer, and entrepreneur
MSI Prestige 16 AI EVO Review: A Great Work Laptop, but Not Quite the AI Promised Land
[D] What makes PPO reinforcement learning and not just having a fancy loss function?
Sorry, scammers: The FCC says AI robocalls are definitely illegal
US outlaws robocalls that use AI-generated voices
AI Tools Like GitHub Copilot Are Rewiring Coders' Brains. Yours May Be Next
Tougher AI Policies Could Protect Taylor Swift--And Everyone Else--From Deepfakes
FCC officially declares AI-voiced robocalls illegal
Navigating the Bayesian Landscape: From Concepts to Application
Google Rebrands Bard Chatbot as Gemini in Race With OpenAI
Google Backs Company Making Smartphones as Good as 'Real' Cameras
Navigating Today's Data and AI Market Uncertainty
How AI is 'amplifying creativity' in the fashion world
Marketing Tips for 2024 And Beyond, Or How To Market Smarter And More Efficiently
How to Store and Query 100 Million Items Using Just 77MB with Python Bloom Filters
London Underground Is Testing Real-Time AI Surveillance Tools to Spot Crime
The FCC bans robocalls with AI-generated voices
Google debuts more powerful  Ultra 1.0  AI model in rebranded  Gemini  chatbot
Neuralink is less advanced than these 4 brain-computer devices. See Elon Musk's competition.
Wavestone Survey Shows GenAI is Having a Major Impact on Data Culture
US regulator declares AI-voice robocalls illegal
EU's draft election security guidelines for tech giants take aim at political deepfakes
Meta's Yann LeCun Wants to Ditch Generative AI
A profile of OpenAI COO Brad Lightcap, tasked by Sam Altman with striking a deal with Axel Springer, which may offer a road map for additional media deals (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
The first four Val Town runtimes
Google saves your conversations with Gemini for years by default
AI vs. Nuclear Weapons: Debating the Right Analogy for AI Risks
Deep Learning Illustrated, Part 2: How Does a Neural Network Learn?
Why Digital Transformations Failed and AI Implementations Are Likely To
F.C.C. Bans A.I.-Generated Robocalls
Tech Companies Meta, Adobe, and OpenAI Join Responsible AI Consortium
Open-Source AI Is Good for Us
How to Build an AI Assistant with OpenAI + Python
Apple Comet Brings Fast Vector Processing to Apache Spark
LangChain Partners with CommandBar on their Copilot User Assistant
The White House wants to 'cryptographically verify' videos of Joe Biden so viewers don't mistake them for deep fakes
How to Evaluate an LLM's Ability to Follow Instructions
Our Universe Is Swallowing Baby Parallel Universes As It Expands, Scientists Suggest
Google Renames Its Forgettable AI in Fight to Stay Relevant
Chatbot Wars: Google Unveils Premium Version of Bard
OpenAI Wants to Control Your Computer
The Risks of Non-Compliance in AI and How to Mitigate Them
US creates advisory group to consider AI regulation
Here's some good news for prompt engineers: GPT-4 prompts work with Gemini Ultra
Mid Career folks, with graduate degrees, do you do certificates if your company paid for them?
[R] Robust Reinforcement Learning
FCC bans robocalls using deepfake voice clones - but AI-generated disinformation still looms over elections
U.S. government unites more than 200 companies in AI safety consortium
Apple's New AI Image Editing Model Gives a Peek of What's to Come
What's Google's most 'advanced' ChatGPT challenger like? It'll cost you $19.99 a month to find out.
AI PCs will make up nearly 60% of total PC shipments by 2027
Midjourney Weighs Banning Trump, Biden Images Before US Election
Instrumenting Weights & Biases: PII data detection
BentoML: Deploy and Create AI Apps/Models on the Cloud For FREE! - LLM, RAG, GenAI, OR Framework!
OpenAI Building AI Agents as Google Launches Gemini Advanced
Google throws down the gauntlet with Gemini   its multimodal genAI engine
Microbiology in Brewing - Making of Bacterial Culture Plates
Gemini Ultra - Full Review
Code coverage vs. test coverage in Python
Manning Introduces: Object-Oriented Software Design in C++
Google Gemini Advanced - The BEST AI?  - AI NEWS / Review
Stanford Researchers Introduce RAPTOR: A Novel Tree-based Retrieval System that Augments the Parametric Knowledge of LLMs with Contextual Information
This Week's Most Read: The Role of AI in Digital Transformation
U.S. creates advisory group to consider AI regulation
Meet Dolma: An Open English Corpus of 3T Tokens for Language Model Pretraining Research
OpenAI is Rolling Back Pay-as-you-go Pricing for Some Developers
This AI Paper Introduces PirateNets: A Novel AI System Designed to Facilitate Stable and Efficient Training of Deep Physics-Informed Neural Network Models
Google's Gemini Ultra AI has been released
Feds Launch AI Safety Institute and Consortium to Set AI Rules
Apple's new AI model edits photos according to text prompts from users
How Good Is Google Gemini Advanced?
AI cannot be used to deny health care coverage, feds clarify to insurers
R Consortium Infrastructure Steering Committee (ISC) Grant Program Accepting Proposals starting March 1st!
Ezra, which offers AI-powered full-body MRI scans to detect cancer, raised $21M led by Healthier Capital and FirstMark Capital, taking its total funding to $41M (AlleyWatch)
Google silences Bard, restrings it as Gemini with optional $20-a-month upgrade
Best courses/sites to learn about the  hardcore data and engineering  stuff?
Sources: Sam Altman is in talks with investors, including the UAE government, to raise funds for an AI chip initiative that could cost as much as $5T to $7T (Wall Street Journal)
What Would Causal Inference in Interviews even look like?
AI Startup Snags $50 Million to Speed Up Clinical Research
Physics-Informed Neural Networks: An Application-Centric Guide
[D] Mamba with cumulative sums
Are there holes in my argument?
Accelerated Event-Based Feature Detection and Compression for Surveillance Video Systems
Benchmarking Large Language Models on Communicative Medical Coaching: a Novel System and Dataset
Named Entity Recognition for Address Extraction in Speech-to-Text Transcriptions Using Synthetic Data
How Well Can LLMs Negotiate? NegotiationArena Platform and Analysis
SoftEDA: Rethinking Rule-Based Data Augmentation with Soft Labels
An Analysis of Dialogue Repair in Voice Assistants
2024 Hospital AI Patient Survey: LookDeep Health
NoisyICL: A Little Noise in Model Parameters Calibrates In-context Learning
Learning to Rewrite Prompts for Personalized Text Generation
Establishing degrees of closeness between audio recordings along different dimensions using large-scale cross-lingual models
Multilingual E5 Text Embeddings: A Technical Report
Self-Alignment of Large Language Models via Monopolylogue-based Social Scene Simulation
MagicAds.ai
It's Never Too Late: Fusing Acoustic Information into Large Language Models for Automatic Speech Recognition
Large Language Model for Table Processing: A Survey
Driving Everywhere with Large Language Model Policy Adaptation
Towards Uncertainty-Aware Language Agent
Large Language Models for Psycholinguistic Plausibility Pretesting
Attention or Convolution: Transformer Encoders in Audio Language Models for Inference Efficiency
Hardest interview question
Is it Possible to Edit Large Language Models Robustly?
Self-Rewarding Language Models
Decoding In-Context Learning: Neuroscience-inspired Analysis of Representations in Large Language Models
Bootstrapped for 8 years, Xensam has now snapped up $40M for AI that manages software assets
Robust Knowledge Extraction from Large Language Models using Social Choice Theory
How to use ImageFX
CADReN: Contextual Anchor-Driven Relational Network for Controllable Cross-Graphs Node Importance Estimation
SpiRit-LM: Interleaved Spoken and Written Language Model
Teaching Text-to-Image Models to Communicate in Dialog
LPAC: Learnable Perception-Action-Communication Loops with Applications to Coverage Control
Can Large Language Models be Good Path Planners? A Benchmark and Investigation on Spatial-temporal Reasoning
TimeArena: Shaping Efficient Multitasking Language Agents in a Time-Aware Simulation
Common-Sense Bias Discovery and Mitigation for Classification Tasks
Sudden Drops in the Loss: Syntax Acquisition, Phase Transitions, and Simplicity Bias in MLMs
GPTs Are Multilingual Annotators for Sequence Generation Tasks
Energy-Preserving Reduced Operator Inference for Efficient Design and Control
Real-World Deployment and Evaluation of Kwame for Science, An AI Teaching Assistant for Science Education in West Africa
Investigating Agency of LLMs in Human-AI Collaboration Tasks
Rebuilding the Portfolio that Got Me a Data Scientist Job
InCoRo: In-Context Learning for Robotics Control with Feedback Loops
S2vNTM: Semi-supervised vMF Neural Topic Modeling
FACT-GPT: Fact-Checking Augmentation via Claim Matching with LLMs
AI-Powered Evolution: Transforming the Omnichannel Customer Experience
Selective Forgetting: Advancing Machine Unlearning Techniques and Evaluation in Language Models
Phonetically rich corpus construction for a low-resourced language
Deep Learning-based Computational Job Market Analysis: A Survey on Skill Extraction and Classification from Job Postings
Unified Speech-Text Pretraining for Spoken Dialog Modeling
Stockholm-based Xensam, which offers AI-based software asset management tools, raised $40M from Expedition Growth Capital (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Merging Facts, Crafting Fallacies: Evaluating the Contradictory Nature of Aggregated Factual Claims in Long-Form Generations
AutoAugment Is What You Need: Enhancing Rule-based Augmentation Methods in Low-resource Regimes
Text-to-Code Generation with Modality-relative Pre-training
In-Context Principle Learning from Mistakes
Find Hidden Laws Within Your Data with Symbolic Regression
FAQ-Gen: An automated system to generate domain-specific FAQs to aid content comprehension
Rapid Optimization for Jailbreaking LLMs via Subconscious Exploitation and Echopraxia
Efficient Models for the Detection of Hate, Abuse and Profanity
My Coding Adventure: Balancing a full-time job, evening classes, and a Drum & Bass events and DJing side hustle
SceMQA: A Scientific College Entrance Level Multimodal Question Answering Benchmark
SAS to participate in Department of Commerce consortium for safe AI
[P] Course Project Ideas
Generative Echo Chamber? Effects of LLM-Powered Search Systems on Diverse Information Seeking
Where Would Meta Be without Open Source AI?
Improving Agent Interactions in Virtual Environments with Language Models
PiVe: Prompting with Iterative Verification Improving Graph-based Generative Capability of LLMs
RoSA: Accurate Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning via Robust Adaptation
Midjourney might ban Biden and Trump images this election season
Genpact Bolsters Executive Leadership with Two Key Appointments Focusing on AI
Sensitivity, Performance, Robustness: Deconstructing the Effect of Sociodemographic Prompting
Data Model Design 101: Composite vs Surrogate Keys
UniFill AI
History of generative Artificial Intelligence (AI) chatbots: past, present, and future development
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of February 9th
SQream Announces Strategic Integration for Powerful Big Data Analytics with Dataiku
Nvidia Nears Amazon's Market Value as Blazing Rally Drives Ahead
FCC Bans Robocalls With AI-Generated Voices
5 Cheap Books to Master Machine Learning
Frame
Sam Altman confirms OpenAI's chip ambitions - trillions at stake
How to use Gemini (formerly Google Bard): Everything you should know
OpenAI reportedly surpasses two billion dollars in annualized revenue
This Couple Used an A.I. Lip-Dubbing App to Bridge a Language Gap
Advancing Precise Outline-Conditioned Text Generation with Task Duality and Explicit Outline Control
Lesser-Used Yet Valuable HTML Tags
You'll Be Fooled by an AI Deepfake This Year
AMD's Expanding Role in Shaping the Future of LLMs
Venture Capitalists: AI Now Significant Part of Funding Pitches
Microsoft Copilot Pro vs. OpenAI's ChatGPT Plus: Which is worth your $20 a month?
Bill McCluggage: The tools to combat AI-powered cybercrime already exist
Stockholm AI start-up Xensam raises $40m for US expansion
Introduction To Tensors: The Building Blocks Of Artificial Intelligence
Grammarly lays off 230 employees as part of a 'business restructuring'
End-to-End Data Engineering System on Real Data with Kafka, Spark, Airflow, Postgres, and Docker
The Dire Need for an Indic LLM Leaderboard
Putting Context in Context: the Impact of Discussion Structure on Text Classification
Hard Fork: Bluesky's Big Bet, and Are Deals Dead in Silicon Valley?
20 Free HTML landing page templates
[D] What are your favorite tools for research?
Dynamic URL routing with Kontent.ai
Sundar Pichai Seems to Care Less About Perplexity AI
Minecraft could be the key to creating adaptable AI
Engadget Podcast: Reviewing the Apple Vision Pro
Streamlit Simplicity: My Single GPT-4 Prompt for An Interactive Dashboard
Domain-Driven Design de forma estratgica: O Incio
For those in healthcare
Dataminr appointed Murali Nemani as Chief Marketing Officer
YouTuber Makes Working Pokdex That Identifies Pokmon Using ChatGPT
The Friar Who Became the Vatican's Go-To Guy on A.I.
GPT-4's Biggest Competitor Gemini Ultra is Out!
Sam Altman wants to raise trillions of dollars for AI chip initiative
The Only Free Course You Need To Become a MLOps Engineer
New AI Regulatory Framework Gets Green Light at EU
Sources: Paytm E-commerce changed its name to Pai Platforms and acquired Bitsila, a seller platform on India's Open Network for Digital Commerce (The Economic Times)
E42 appoints Jonathan Jewett as Chief Growth Officer for the Americas
Text-to-SQL with extremely complex schema
Limited Compute Resources? Low-Parameter RAG Can Help
Algorithms cannot decide a patient's healthcare coverage, the US government clarifies
Boost Your Productivity with These 10 AI-Powered Tools!
Drawing From a Random Distribution in SQL
ChatGPT: 5 Common Mistakes And How To Prevent Them
Ex-Apple engineer sentenced to six months in prison for stealing self-driving car tech
AI-Powered Zambian Copper Mine May Become World's Third Largest
AI use rising in Canada despite 'deep-rooted fears', poll suggests
How LLMs can push the boundaries of health research
What is the best Copilot / LLM you're using right now?
LogicMonitor continues momentum in 2023, amidst a dynamic market
Sources: Nvidia plans to build a new business unit focused on designing custom chips, including AI chips, for cloud companies; custom chips are a $30B market (Reuters)
Here's the Thing AI Just Can't Do
[D] Normalizing Flows in 2024
Niah AI
A Glimpse at What Computing Could Look Like in The Future
The Perils & Promises of Fact-checking with Large Language Models
What is Microsoft Fabric? A big tech stack for big data
Tiny Titans Triumph: The Surprising Efficiency of Compact LLMs Exposed!
Google's Lumiere has created a new paradigm for text-to-video AI
Hinduja Global Solutions is Developing Proprietary Generative AI Models
Convert Rocket AI
I tried Microsoft Copilot's new AI image-generating feature, and it solves a real problem
Google's Gemini truly sucks. ChatGPT still reigns supreme. #openai #googleai #gpt4 #shorts
756: AlphaGeometry: AI is Suddenly as Capable as the Brightest Math Minds   with @JonKrohnLearns
LLM Evaluation with Arize AI's Aparna Dhinakaran // #210
LLM Evaluation with Arize AI's Aparna Dhinakaran // MLOps Podcast #210
How to Create an Effective PROMPT - no code guide
LAID OFF BY AI! Day 1 - Anxiety, FOMO, Worthlessness, and Boredom
100% Local AI Surveillance System - Moondream 1.6B / Python / Mistral 7B
Minecraft could be the key to creating adaptable AI: Researchers have a new way to assess an AI model's intelligence: drop it into a game of Minecraft, with no information about its surroundings, and see how well it plays
The Good Robot Podcast: Featuring Emily M. Bender and Alex Hanna
Trillion-Dollar Vision: Sam Altman's Global Chip Initiative
Former Apple Engineer Gets Prison Time for Stealing Driverless Car Tech
Disney is testing a contextual ad tool dubbed  magic words  for Disney+ and Hulu that uses AI to analyze scenes and identify contents, brands, images, and mood (Dawn Chmielewski/Reuters)
Lawmaker Behind EU AI Act: Businesses Will Benefit
Microsoft hints at the future of AI in Windows with a smarter Copilot
Ibuprofeno.py | #49: Explica este cdigo Python
A self-discovery approach: DeepMind framework allows LLMs to find and use task-intrinsic reasoning structures
Calendar AI | Tutorial for building custom ChatGPT with Google and Notion integrations
Sam Altman wants to raise up to $7 trillion. That's, uh, a lot of dough.
The Frame are Open Source and AI-Equipped AR Smart Glasses
Limitations of Running AI Agents Locally
Memo: Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services says health insurers cannot use AI to determine care or deny coverage to members on Medicare Advantage plans (Beth Mole/Ars Technica)
Midjourney 'Close' to Banning Trump, Biden Images for the Next Year
London Underground is testing real-time AI surveillance tools to spot crime
Generative AI, Ethics, and Social Good
Why Are People Saying Google Gemini Is 'Full of Ghosts?'
Microsoft to Debut Super Bowl Ad on AI
Microsoft's Super Bowl AI Ad Will Get Dumbest People You Know Absolutely Hyped
Stability AI's Intel fundraise came with hefty hardware purchase commitments, sources say
AI safeguards can easily be broken, UK Safety Institute finds
Report: Sam Altman seeking trillions for AI chip fabrication from UAE, others
Understanding Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA)   A Data Scientist's Guide (Part 1)
AI Deepfakes Are Everywhere and Congress is Completely Out of Their Depth
6 Essential Steps to Adding CSS to the Vision Board Website
University of Cincinnati MS Business Analytics Summer 2024 Information Session
Navigating Data in Datathons: Insights and Guidelines at Neural Information Processing Systems.
Ex-Apple engineer sentenced to prison after pleading guilty to stealing trade secrets about self-driving car project
Google Renames Bard AI To Gemini and Launches a New App
Improvements to Real-Time Transcription
Transforming the future of media with artificial intelligence
ASML Shows Off $380 Million, 165-Ton Machine Behind AI Shift
I made a free course on the new Gemini AI Python API
My GPT-4 Prompting Methods: The Why And How For Data Visualization
A Patchwork Of US AI Regulations Is Here, It's Time To Deal With It
Data science interviews are giant slogs still I see
[Week of 2/5/24] LangChain Release Notes
Google's New Gemini Advanced Predicts Super Bowl Winner
Google DeepMind develops grandmaster-level chess AI with language model architecture
Building a PDF larger than the known universe
Innovations in depth from focus/defocus pave the way to more capable computer vision systems
Google's Gemini assistant is a fantastic and frustrating glimpse of the AI future
Building a Chat App with LangChain, LLMs, and Streamlit for Complex SQL Database Interaction
These $349 smart glasses have 'AI superpowers' and a comical charging nose
NeMo Guardrails, the Ultimate Open-Source LLM Security Toolkit
Making sense of Microsoft's 'confusing' Copilot functionality carnival
Ekram Alam, CEO and Co-founder of MindPortal   Interview Series
Exploring Code Llama 70B: Meta's Initiative to Make AI-Assisted Programming More Accessible
How to handle getting laid off - Susan Shu Chang, Sundar Swaminathan - The Data Scientist Show #080
How much GPU memory do you need to train LLMs?
Best AI Books to Read in 2024 (and what I learned)
Using ML in Brewing
Is prompt engineering here to stay?
Introduction to Query Pipelines (Building Advanced RAG, Part 1)
Google's Bard Is Now Gemini - What's New?
visX: a Block-Based Frontend to Wolfram Language
Free GPT Store, Google Labs and More! (Use Cases)
Is it normal for a team to be writing in multiple programming languages?
Here's How to Try Apple's New AI Image Editor
Explainer: What Is Clustering?
Review: Supporting Healthcare's Zero-Trust Journey by Uncovering Network Assets
Meet the Pranksters Behind Goody-2, the World's 'Most Responsible' AI Chatbot
Meet Goody-2, the World's Most Responsible AI Chatbot
Musk's Neuralink Ditches Delaware, Reincorporates in Nevada
ClickSAM: Fine-tuning Segment Anything Model using click prompts for ultrasound image segmentation
US regulators crack down on AI playing doctor in healthcare
AI and sexual violence online: Why advocates are concerned amid N.B. rise in sextortion cases
How Computer Vision Makes People Look More Attractive
Nvidia wants to work with the world's most powerful tech companies to make customized AI chips
Who makes money when AI reads the internet for us?
[R] An Interactive Agent Foundation Model - Microsoft 2024 - Promising avenue for developing generalist, action-taking, multimodal systems!
Move Over US: France Wants to be an AI Superpower
What is Google's Gemini AI tool (formerly Bard)? Everything you need to know
FCC Bans AI Robocalls - Even If No Intent to Harm
How I write HTTP services in Go after 13 years
Nvidia gears up to protect its AI chip dominance with custom solutions for cloud companies
ChatGPT vs. Microsoft Copilot vs. Gemini: Which is the best AI chatbot?
Siri Co-Creator Talks AI's Future, Urges Sustainable Practices
Nvidia's soaring market cap nears Amazon and Alphabet, fueled by surging AI demand
CatBoost: Gradient Tree Boosting for Recommender Systems, Classification and Regression
Sam Altman Seeking Trillions of Dollars for New AI Venture
I did a test with Google gemini and krea.Ai pretty crazy results
[D] Best AI ch atb ot for rol epla ying?
NeuroAI: Tapping the Human Brain to Fuel AI Development
Stability, Midjourney, Runway hit back in AI art lawsuit
Sam Altman wants up to $7 trillion for AI chips. The natural resources required would be 'mind boggling'
Meet Goody-2, the AI too ethical to discuss literally anything
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says Apple Vision Pro is '2nd most impressive tech since the iPhone'
Bumble Adds Generative AI Scam and Catfish Detective to Dating App
Fraud Capture: Identity Theft from a Data Science Perspective
ChatCraft week 5: Storing multiple providers
Calibration and Validation of System Models
Workshop: Designing Engaging Pre-College Research-Based Learning Programs
Finite Fields and Their Applications
CUDA and the Wolfram Language
An Actually BIG WEEK In The World of AI!
Paclet Repository: One Year In
WTC2023 MariaSargsyan 11022023 v02
FREE AI Voice Tool: Text-to-Speech (TTS) & Voice Cloning - MetaVoice
Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 141]
What's New in Calculus & Algebra?
Key Takeaways from the World AI Cannes Festival
Faith and Fate: Limits of Transformers on Compositionality [R]
Latest Windows Insider build boosts Copilot's usability with advanced AI functions
Elon Musk switches the location of Neuralink's incorporation from Delaware to Nevada, after a Delaware judge struck down Musk's $55B Tesla pay package last week (Sarah McBride/Bloomberg)
Building a Data Platform in 2024
Weeknotes: a Datasette release, an LLM release and a bunch of new plugins
Plugin for Building and Managing Plugins!
Advice for a New Data Scientist Struggling with Criticism
[D] Why did Gated Linear Networks disappear ?
Sam Altman thinks the Vision Pro is the 2nd 'most impressive' technology since the iPhone
CMU Researchers Introduce VisualWebArena: An AI Benchmark Designed to Evaluate the Performance of Multimodal Web Agents on Realistic and Visually Stimulating Challenges
Can Large Language Models Understand Context? This AI Paper from Apple and Georgetown University Introduces a Context Understanding Benchmark to Suit the Evaluation of Generative Models
This AI Paper from China Proposes a Small and Efficient Model for Optical Flow Estimation
How Helpful are AWS Certs for DS Careers? Which ones are recommended?
Regression-based Deep-Learning predicts molecular biomarkers from pathology slides
Seedley
Sam Altman wants 'trillions of dollars' to jumpstart global AI chip production: report
(Almost) Every infrastructure decision I endorse or regret after 4 years running infrastructure at a startup
Rye: Added support for marking virtualenvs ignored for cloud sync
Bollegraaf, the world's biggest builder of recycling plants, partners with AI startup Greyparrot to retrofit thousands of plants with AI tools for sorting waste (Nicol&aacute;s Rivero/Washington Post)
Abu Dhabi-based AI group G42 has  divested from all its investments in China  as it seeks to reassure the US; sources: the sell-off included shares in ByteDance (Financial Times)
Search chatbots? Pah, this startup's trying on Yahoo's old outfit of web directories
6 Silicon Valley Moments Relatable in Generative AI Era
The State of Multilingual LLMs: Moving Beyond English
Europe needs more scientists in VC to become a deeptech powerhouse
What IDE you use for data analysis?
Real-Time Cryptocurrency Price Charts in React with Python Websockets
Masayoshi Son made $72 billion betting on Jack Ma's Alibaba. Now he wants to do it again with AI.
Video Highlights: Technical Intro to Transformers and LLMs   with Kirill Eremenko
Building a Simple Web Application with Python
Collaborative Control for Geometry-Conditioned PBR Image Generation
Reverse Engineering Gmail's Autocomplete Feature
How AI Crafted the Perfect Beer
Did Google Gemini just DESTROY the Rabbit R1?
Shaping the World of Robotics with Chelsea Finn
Growth-Focused ML Team: Build-week Project Recap (Part 2)
Sam Altman Wants to Raise $5-$7 TRILLION for AI Chip Plants
This real-world Pokdex identifies pocket monsters using ChatGPT and AI voice cloning
AI agents could help better understand complex AI systems
Home-trained transformer
Angel Hack Community Builder's Programme 2024
The best ad of Super Bowl weekend comes from Apple (and it's not in the Super Bowl)
Lovers Who Can Only Communicate Through AI Get Engaged
One-Minute Daily AI News 2/9/2024
Prama India & C-DAC (MeitY) Forge Partnership for Thermal Camera Technology
[P] Stable Diffusion from Scratch in PyTorch | Part I - Unconditional Latent Diffusion Models
Full-Stack Data Scientist?
This AI Paper from Stanford and Google DeepMind Unveils How Efficient Exploration Boosts Human Feedback Efficacy in Enhancing Large Language Models
Martin Scorsese's Squarespace Super Bowl Ad Wants You to Put Down Your Phone
What is this NLP problem called?
AI firm considers banning creation of political images for 2024 elections
[D] Can you extract the encoder part of an llm for feature extraction ?
Large Language Models, GPT-2   Language Models are Unsupervised Multitask Learners
A look at Aware, whose AI tools let companies track employee sentiment and weed out toxicity by monitoring employee chatter on Slack, Teams, and other apps (Hayden Field/CNBC)
AI in the developing world: How 'tiny machine learning' can have a big impact
[D] Which AI/ML fields are growing under the radar?
How to Make Your Data Science Application Stand Out
Locally hosted AI writing assistant
IBM cybersecurity researchers demonstrate how generative AI can twist our words in real-time
Choosing Between a Streaming Database and a Stream Processing Framework in Python
AI Wants to Nuke Everyone While Helping You Find Love
New hope for early pancreatic cancer intervention via AI-based risk prediction
Google One hits 100 million subscribers
I Compared PEFT-Lora vs Full Fine-Tune on Open AI's Whisper
Essential Checklist for Setting up Your New Apple M3 MacBook Pro
[Discussion] What kind of problems do you run into training your models?
OpenAI is developing  AI agents.  Here's what that means.
[D] Finetuning LLM for domain-adaption
Deal Dive: VCs are no longer gunshy about firearm startups
Pandas for Data Engineers
US telecom regulator FCC bans use of AI voices in robocalls
Stable Diffusion from Scratch in PyTorch | Part I - Unconditional Latent Diffusion Models
Real-time, AI monitoring at work: Major brands are snooping on employee conversations
Sundar Pichai says Google One crossed 100M subscribers, highlighting Google's efforts to move users away from free plans; YouTube Premium recently hit 100M subs (Wes Davis/The Verge)
3 students won $700,000 for using AI to translate 2 tweets worth of text from previously unreadable ancient scrolls
How to work with large dataset as a beginner?
[P] Just launched  Edgen: Open-Source, Local and Private AI.
What is up with companies and their weird fetish with AI recently? It's so FAKE
Direct Uses of Large Language Models in Modern Science and Technology
Keeping it real: How to spot a deepfake
Nvidia is reportedly investing $30 billion in new custom chip unit
ANZ Bank test drives GitHub Copilot   and finds AI does give a helping hand
[R] LoRA-MoE: Training and inferencing MoE models like Mixtral 8x7B like a 7B param model
[R] Skeptical about LLM benchmarks telling the whole story? This paper shows how tiny tweaks to tests like MMLU can shuffle model rankings like a deck of cards.
[D] ML interview questions
Worth delaying graduation to get a minor in statistics?
Recruited for 12-month contract work as DS - any red flags here?
[P] AI Learns PvP in Old School RuneScape (Reinforcement Learning)
[Project] - Passionate about fighting AI and deep fake tech?
Meet UniDep: A Tool that Streamlines Python Project Dependency Management by Unifying Conda and Pip Packages in a Single System
Tech vs Non-Tech route
Book on psychology/sales for Data Science
Hello AI Enthusiasts. I am creating THE platform to collaborate & create on
How to Generate Synthetic Data for Pretraining and Finetuning
Can you extract the encoding part of an llm ?
Solo Giants! List of Successful One-Person Companies
Data Machina #240
[D] Feasibility for a security researcher with no ML background to  break  an ML model?
Artists score a win against AI art generators in ongoing copyright battle
UK's AI Safety Institute 'needs to set standards rather than do testing'
[P] Open type Named Entity Recognition with Transformer Encoder
See inside the AI-powered fitness studio that's led by virtual trainers
Building an Image Resizer with Flask, React and Vite
OpenAI to Invest in India, Host Developer Summits
What tools do you use for DS and Analytics? What issues do you have with them?
Bard Becomes Gemini, Ultra is Here, and Other Ways Google is Mirroring OpenAI's Strategy
Interview with Mike Lacher and Brian Moore, creators of AI chatbot Goody-2, which was created as a joke and refuses to answer every query to prioritize safety (Will Knight/Wired)
One-Minute Daily AI News 2/10/2024
Volkswagen establishes global AI lab to accelerate AI development
Python Development on macOS Notes: pyenv and pyenv-virtualenvwrapper
(META) This place puts too much weight on confidence [D]
Imran Khan Uses A.I. To Give Victory Speech in Pakistan
Don't Overlook China's Open Source LLMs
How to Scrape a URL for your Custom GPTs
How to stream data over HTTP using Node and Fetch API
Musk shifts Neuralink incorporation from Delaware to Nevada as he rails against $55 billion pay ruling
Nvidia's Grace Hopper GH200 superchip benchmarked, holds up well against AMD and Intel competition
[Research] Spike frequency adaptation: bridging neural models and neuromorphic applications
Project of Energy/Eletrical Engineering
How do AI researchers know create novel architectures? What do they know which I don't?
DeepMind's Self-Discover prompt technique encourages LLMs to think for themselves
Advanced Chat Notebook Use
Improvements in the Quantity Framework
LLM Phase Transition: New Discovery
Symbolic Computations and Dynamic Visualisation in Robotics Research and Education
Chat Notebooks Basics
Finally, Deep Learning for Tabular Data: The TabPFN Transformer
NEW HuggingFace Assistants: Create Powerful Agents! Alternative to Custom GPTs (FREE)
Advanced Query Pipelines over Tabular/CSV/SQL Data (Building Advanced RAG, Part 2)
Graphs in the Modern World
New Algorithms: Numerical Solution of Large Systems of Nonlinear Equations NSolve By Monodromy
Providing Computational Superpowers to Enterprise AI
LAID OFF BY AI: Day 3 - Apathy and Terror: Are we creating a successor species? HUMAN IRRELEVANCE
Enhancing Hands-on Learning Using Mathematica: A Case of Investment Analysis
Why the Impact of AI Will Be Even Weirder Than We Think
Use of Mathematica in Some Studies about Structural Dynamics
EP 09 - Mind-Bending: Elon Musk's Neuralink & The Future of Accessibility
For $350, you too can have glasses with 'AI superpowers' (and look like a modern-day Gandhi)
[D] Need advice applying jobs as machine learning engineer
Speech to Text to Speech with AI Using Python   a How-To Guide
Extract Data from zip folder using Python
Introducing NVIDIA's Audio Flamingo, the Next Frontier in Audio Language Models
LingoNaut Language Assistant
LEARN PYTHON IN JUST (30 days)
32 Stories To Learn About Publishing
[P] Introducing Richard, my CNN-from-scratch side project
Year of the dragon: We have entered the AI age
How to Structure and Organise a Streamlit App
The Conjuring 4 Will Bring the Warrens Along for One Last Scare
How to Become a Better Coder?
How AI is changing the 3D world: Insights into the methods, datasets, and applications
Semantic Signal Separation
chain of thought reasoning via simulated passage of time prompting to bypass corporate query blocks
7 Side Hustle Ideas for Developers
Nvidia AI Developer Contest - Speech to Image TensorRT - GTC 2024
AI Crafted the Perfect Beer
Patrick Ribeiro: explorer.land
[R] Do Transformer World Models Give Better Policy Gradients? (Personal Review)
[P] I built a LLM agent that crawls large codebases to answer questions about it
A Common Misconception About Cross Entropy Loss
Choose Your Own Coding Assistant
LWiAI Podcast #154 - Google Gemini, Waymo Collision, Smaug-72B, EU AI Act final text, image watermarks
My BEST Midjourney Prompts for V6 and Niji 6 - Stable Diffusion SDXL works too
Github Copilot Does NOT Like This... (100% Local Free VSCode CoPilot)
Automate Model Deployment to SageMaker Endpoints with W&B
Is Ukraine the First  AI War ?
Vector Database and Spring IA
Timm Models Explorer - Explore Computer Vision models of timm's library
Taylor Swift and Data Analysis
This AI Paper Introduces StepCoder: A Novel Reinforcement Learning Framework for Code Generation
Quoting Eric Lehman, internal Google email in 2018
Frame Smart Glasses from Brilliant Labs Are a Vehicle for an Always-There AI Assistant
Microsoft Shares Lessons Learned on Building AI Copilots
Release 0.36.0 of Spellcheck (GitHub) Action - another maintenance release
How many years do you think until data science, analysis, and engineering(MLE, etc.) roles split into domain specific roles?
Install open-source AI in a commercial robot and it'll clean your room
Where have you seen rule-based text classification being applied?
Better context with LangChain and VS Code AI coding assistant
Google's and Microsoft's chatbots are making up Super Bowl stats
Optimizing Codebases for AI Development Era
Getting Started with Grammar Correction using Hugging Face Transformers
Former Salesforce exec says large language models must learn how to code if they want to level up
Is there a proof of convergence for any transformer model? [D] | [R]
[R][P] Ultra High Capacity Variational Autoencoder for Image Modelling
US Companies Are Discussing Cost Cuts and AI Like Never Before
Google launches  25M AI drive to 'empower' Europe's workforce
ALEXSIS-PT: A New Resource for Portuguese Lexical Simplification
Lua Health: An AI platform to make work a little less stressful
Bugcrowd snaps up $102M for a 'bug bounty' security platform that taps 500K+ hackers
What's Wrong With This Rental Listing? The Furniture Is AI.
Parents turn to AI tablets after China's tutor crackdown
Neural networks are reportedly helping criminals create cheap virtual fake IDs online
Minions Poke Fun of Terrible AI Images in Super Bowl Ad
LLM in the Shell: Generative Honeypots
Teaching Probabilistic Logical Reasoning to Transformers
Pinterest Researchers Present an Effective Scalable Algorithm to Improve Diffusion Models Using Reinforcement Learning (RL)
Abu Dhabi AI Firm G42 to Pare Back China Presence in Pivot to US
Information Association for Language Model Updating by Mitigating LM-Logical Discrepancy
Is AI making our code stupid?
Google to invest  25m in the EU to develop AI skills
Meet Graph-Mamba: A Novel Graph Model that Leverages State Space Models SSM for Efficient Data-Dependent Context Selection
ASML begins gearing up to ship its new $350M High NA EUV machine, which is the size of a double decker bus, and expects to ship  a number  of them in 2024 (Toby Sterling/Reuters)
ExaRanker-Open: Synthetic Explanation for IR using Open-Source LLMs
Can Large Language Models be Trusted for Evaluation? Meet SCALEEVAL: An Agent-Debate-Assisted Meta-Evaluation Framework that Leverages the Capabilities of Multiple Communicative LLM Agents
Data-Driven Target Localization: Benchmarking Gradient Descent Using the Cram\\'er-Rao Bound
Nick Hornby's Brain-Bending Sculptures Twist History Into New Shapes
Forcing AI on developers is a bad idea that is going to happen
Peak XV takes startups on a Silicon Valley trip in AI push
Generative Data Augmentation using LLMs improves Distributional Robustness in Question Answering
Linear Transformers: A Step Towards Greener AI or Just a Drop in the Ocean?
Sesamestreet teaching kids the importance of metadata
Unico Housing Finance Partners with Oracle for Affordable Housing Solutions
What's the secret to standing out as an AI start-up?
Nomic AI Introduces Nomic Embed: Text Embedding Model with an 8192 Context-Length that Outperforms OpenAI Ada-002 and Text-Embedding-3-Small on both Short and Long Context Tasks
Weekly Roundup 039 (Feb 5):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
Knowledge Distillation of LLM for Automatic Scoring of Science Education Assessments
AutoPlanBench: Automatically generating benchmarks for LLM planners from PDDL
Nvidia CEO Says Tech Advances Will Keep AI Cost in Check
Why Solving Multi-agent Path Finding with Large Language Model has not Succeeded Yet
Microsoft is working on its own DLSS-like upscaler for Windows 11
Ovrdrive USB stick with data-hiding and overheating self-destruct features nears crowdfunding goal
Top 15 AI Image Generators of 2024
Learning AWS S3 on Localhost: Best Practices with Boto3 and LocalStack
[P] I made a free tool for texturing 3D objects using AI, from your PC. No server, no subscriptions, no hidden costs. Now Indie Game Developers can generate beautiful worlds at larger scale.
VC firm HAF Launches INR150 cr Fund to Invest in AI Startups
K-Space-Aware Cross-Modality Score for Synthesized Neuroimage Quality Assessment
Choosing between public and private LLMs
Tech roles which are out there
K means clustering of image with k=1 vs mean of all pixels
CoSearchAgent: A Lightweight Collaborative Search Agent with Large Language Models
DALex: Lexicase-like Selection via Diverse Aggregation
Mitigating Unhelpfulness in Emotional Support Conversations with Multifaceted AI Feedback
Machine Learning vs. AI: Differences and Use Cases
Quantifying Association Capabilities of Large Language Models and Its Implications on Privacy Leakage
Exploring AI's Impact on Blockchain with Ilan Rakhmanov
Why Do Big Tech LLM Chatbots Have the Worst Possible Names?
HAF Launches INR 150 Cr Fund to Invest in AI Startups
India vs China vs US in Open Source AI
Scaling Data Quality with Computer Vision on Spatial Data
The AI data-poisoning cat-and-mouse game   this time, IT will win
Structured Chemistry Reasoning with Large Language Models
[D] Architecture hyperparameter optimisation strategies
MAIRA-1: A specialised large multimodal model for radiology report generation
Forthcoming machine learning and AI seminars: February 2024 edition
How generative AI is transforming the advertising industry; WPP and Publicis plan to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to embed AI in their businesses (Daniel Thomas/Financial Times)
Assessment of Deep Learning Segmentation for Real-Time Free-Breathing Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging at Rest and Under Exercise Stress
Co-Pilot for Health: Personalized Algorithmic AI Nudging to Improve Health Outcomes
A Benchmark for Learning to Translate a New Language from One Grammar Book
Automation and Beyond for Sales and Marketing in Life Sciences - with Mark Miller of Deloitte
What Data Governance Means for Financial Services - with Andrew Sellers of Confluent
Going Further with CUDA for Python Programmers
[Research] Example of using neural networks to improve climate models
[D] Which are good resources or books on scaling classical ML(GBM/RF) in production for very high throughput & low latency?
1 year in and the stale state began
Crowd Sets Waymo Self-Driving Car on Fire: 'It Was So Torched. They Couldn't Even Recognize the Vehicle'
Telcos to spend $20B on AI network orchestration by 2028
Waymo self-driving taxi vandalized and set ablaze by San Francisco crowd
IBM and Mahindra Finance Collaborate to Develop a Superapp for Finance
Learn Data Science on a Budget
Recursion in Python Demystified
World's Most Responsible, No Controversy LLM
Fulcrum Digital Unveils Ryze, a GenAI Solution for Enterprise AI-driven Content
AI 'companions' promise to combat loneliness, but history shows the dangers of one-way relationships
Travel startup Layla acquires AI itinerary building bot Roam Around
Deepfakes and disinformation swirl ahead of Indonesian election   podcast
The Future of Education and AI: Beyond Traditional Degrees with Marc Andreessen & Ben Horowitz
How I built a New York Times Crossword Puzzle Trainer GPT called CrossTrainer
Sam Altman has a $7 Tn Pipe Dream
LLMWare Launches SLIMs: Small Specialized Function-Calling Models for Multi-Step Automation
Letting ChatGPT Answer My Emails with Python Gmail API
Messing with LLMs' Temperature Hyperparameter
LAID OFF BY AI: Day 5: Filled with a terrible resolve! Let's write a collaborative book!
06x00: Looking Forward to the Year of AI with Frederic Van Haren and Mark Beccue
The return of the (robot) travel agent
Towards Faster Research: Consolidating Knowledge With RAG
How to Implement Augmented Analytics for Data-Driven Decision-Making
Microsoft is bringing AI Super Resolution upscaling to Windows 11
Unlocking the Gates to Success: Dive into SQL Interview Questions from Leading MAANG Companies
Russia appears to have built a bizarre, 18-mile fortification from disused freight trains to protect itself in Ukraine, analysts say
Mastering Deep Learning : Designing Loss Functions
Outsmarting Uncertainty: How 'K-Level Reasoning' from Microsoft Research is Setting New Standards for LLMs
This AI Paper Proposes Infini-Gram: A Groundbreaking Approach to Scale and Enhance N-Gram Models Beyond Traditional Limits
Secret Behind Perplexity AI Success Over Google
How you can create your own custom chatbot with your own custom data using Google Gemini API all for free
Writing in the age of generative artificial intelligence
The AI chat app being trialled in NSW schools which makes students work for the answers
The unsettling scourge of obituary spam
Image Processing with Gemini Pro
AI at Work
Ollama - Libraries, Vision and Updates
[P] Soliciting honest feedback on Graphbook, an interactive compute platform to visually unbox and edit transformer models for applied research.
[R] Autoencoder or Variational Autoencoder for finding anomalies in a dataset in comparison with a real-world dataset
Free Data Engineering Course for Beginners
Sonequa Martin-Green Teases a Big Twist in Star Trek: Discovery's Final Season
Deepfake of Jailed Pakistani Ex-Prime Minister Imran Khan Declares Victory in Election
In case anyone wanted to know how old the dataset is Meta uses to train their AI.
More Agents Is All You Need : Researchers improve LLMs through ensemble of agents
Sam Altman Seeks $7 Trillion to Supercharge Chip Production
How to use ChatGPT for maximum efficiency
Belfast-based Amply raises 1.4m for AI drug discovery platform
7 Lessons from an ML Internship at Intel
3D Visualization of Geospatial Big Data by Lexcube! (Python)
Python Could Know Your Holidays No Matter Which Country You Live
Innovaccer wins 2024 North American Technology Innovation Leadership
Transcribe phone calls in real-time in Go with Twilio and AssemblyAI
The Biggest Weakness Of Boosting Trees
FLaNK Stack Weekly 12 February 2024
Photographer Lifts the Lid on That Jesus Super Bowl Ad
Microsoft Copilot: Will 2024 be its year?
Nvidia announces a new $625 Nvidia RTX 2000 Ada Generation GPU, with up to 2x more performance than the previous gen and 16GB of on-board memory, up from 12GB (VideoCardz.com)
Google invests 25 million euros to expand its AI network in Europe
The Most Exciting Thing About Altman's Chip Dream
BCG X Releases AgentKit, a Full-Stack Starter Kit for Building Constrained Agents
Shrimper   A Small Search Engine Crafted in Rust
HeadStudio: Text to Animatable Head Avatars with 3D Gaussian Splatting
Nvidia debuts RTX 2000 Ada Generation GPU for AI-accelerated design workloads (Mike Wheatley/SiliconANGLE)
Few shots at a Math assistant with Orca-2-7B
How do you guys network?
Super Bowl Ads in the Age of AI: Data Drives Winning Strategies
Google Cloud's Nick Godfrey Talks Security, Budget and AI for CISOs
Presentation: How Netflix Ensures Highly-Reliable Online Stateful Systems
AI field trips and why we should stop setting self-driving cars on fire
Vipul Vyas, SVP of Go To Market Strategy, Persado   Interview Series
From Novice to Data Pro in 90 Days: Avery Smith's Exclusive Method
Synthetic Data for Machine Learning
From UX to UXL (User Experience Launcher), Evolving in the AI Launcher Era
Enhanced Audio Generation through Scalable Technology
[R][P] KV Cache is huge and bottlenecks LLM inference. We quantize them to 2bit in a finetuning-free + plug-and-play fashion.
Google Research Introduces TimesFM: A Single Forecasting Model Pre-Trained on a Large Time-Series Corpus of 100B Real World Time-Points
The Battle of Open Source vs Closed Source Language Models: A Technical Analysis
The Noonification: How Do We Make Blockchain As Popular As AI? (2/12/2024)
UpGrow Review: Can AI Grow My Instagram Followers 10X?
Multi-Application Workflows with NVIDIA RTX 2000 Ada Generation
Beyond Test Accuracies for Studying Deep Neural Networks
How the Australian Government Sees AI Accelerating Productivity
White House Wants to 'Cryptographically Verify' Videos of Biden to Fight Deepfakes
Building a RAG chatbot with NextJS, OpenAI & Dewy
AI: A way to freely share technology and stop misuse already exists
AI is everywhere including countless applications you've likely never heard of
Arm Holdings Shares Extend Blistering Rally in Wake of Earnings
Last Week in AI #257: AI for deciphering ancient scrolls, Google launches Gemini Ultra, HuggingFace's GPT Store, Agent Foundation Models, and more!
Fan wiki hosting site Fandom rolls out controversial AI features
Nvidia Overtakes Amazon in Market Value
A Waymo robotaxi was vandalized and burned in San Francisco
Say Bonjour to CrossiantLLM: The Mini Open Bilingual Model
Analysts estimate Microsoft Azure's revenue, fueled in part by AI growth, is ~75% as big as AWS', up from ~50% five years ago (Jordan Novet/CNBC)
'Better than a real man': young Chinese women turn to AI boyfriends
We usually assume that the training loss shall be lower than the validation, but if validation set is representative, shouldn't validation loss be lower since it is computed at the end of the the epoch?
For Build Developer Conference, Semantic Kernel AI SDK Aims for 'First-Class Agent Support'
7 Must-Have Figma Plugins for Effortless HTML & CSS Conversion
LangChain 101: Part 3b. Talking to Documents: Embeddings and Vectorstores
LeoLabs lands $29M to dodge space junk with AI smarts
The Future Is AI, but AI Has a Software Delivery Problem
Motif Analytics brings sequence analytics to growth teams
Microsoft might release AI upscaling for Windows 11, similar to Nvidia DLSS
Learning Shortcuts: On the Misleading Promise of NLU in Language Models
Whats in your RAG setup? [D]
A Rational Analysis of the Speech-to-Song Illusion
Distributional Inclusion Hypothesis and Quantifications: Probing for Hypernymy in Functional Distributional Semantics
Data Science Hiring Process at Verizon
Cruise names first chief safety officer following crash and controversy
U-SEANNet: A Simple, Efficient and Applied U-Shaped Network for Diagnosis of Nasal Diseases on Nasal Endoscopic Images
Large language models can enhance persuasion through linguistic feature alignment
Comparison of Distributions with Earth Mover's Distance
KDSTM: Neural Semi-supervised Topic Modeling with Knowledge Distillation
T-RAG: Lessons from the LLM Trenches
Aya Model: An Instruction Finetuned Open-Access Multilingual Language Model
GPT-4 One-Prompt Dashboard Showdown: Plotly Dash vs Streamlit
Is it even worth it for me to try to learn new data science methodologies and techniques at this point?
Pegasystems Releases New Generative AI Tool for Enterprise App Development
Dynamic Masking Rate Schedules for MLM Pretraining
Watch out, Google - Microsoft is working on its own Circle to Search
PROXYQA: An Alternative Framework for Evaluating Long-Form Text Generation with Large Language Models
Auxiliary Tasks to Boost Biaffine Semantic Dependency Parsing
50+ Programming Memes
Mercury: An Efficiency Benchmark for LLM Code Synthesis
OpenAI's Altman Says UAE Could Be an AI 'Sandbox' For the World
DAPR: A Benchmark on Document-Aware Passage Retrieval
[R] Attention with Markov: A Framework for Principled Analysis of Transformers via Markov Chains
This AI Paper Proposes Two Types of Convolution, Pixel Difference Convolution (PDC) and Binary Pixel Difference Convolution (Bi-PDC), to Enhance the Representation Capacity of Convolutional Neural Network CNNs
Data-Driven Information Extraction and Enrichment of Molecular Profiling Data for Cancer Cell Lines
PLUG: Leveraging Pivot Language in Cross-Lingual Instruction Tuning
An In-Context Schema Understanding Method for Knowledge Base Question Answering
US Patent Office: AI is all well and good, but only humans can patent things
OrderBkd: Textual backdoor attack through repositioning
Debating with More Persuasive LLMs Leads to More Truthful Answers
Quantitative knowledge retrieval from large language models
Worbler AI on iOS App store!
A Model for Every User and Budget: Label-Free and Personalized Mixed-Precision Quantization
InfiAgent-DABench: Evaluating Agents on Data Analysis Tasks
The Rise of Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Marketing: Present Trends and Transformations
What Artificial Neural Networks Can Tell Us About Human Language Acquisition
All in How You Ask for It: Simple Black-Box Method for Jailbreak Attacks
Inverse analysis of granular flows using differentiable graph neural network simulator
82% of Indians Expect Personal Gains from AI in the Next 5 Years
Apple Acquired 32 AI Startups by 2023
Why AI will make our lives better, under the right direction
Using Zero-shot Prompting in the Automatic Creation and Expansion of Topic Taxonomies for Tagging Retail Banking Transactions
PKG API: A Tool for Personal Knowledge Graph Management
Unsupervised Sign Language Translation and Generation
Multi-Intent Attribute-Aware Text Matching in Searching
Commonsense-augmented Memory Construction and Management in Long-term Conversations via Context-aware Persona Refinement
How to Create an AI System: a Guide for Business Owners
Tool-Augmented Reward Modeling
TELLER: A Trustworthy Framework for Explainable, Generalizable and Controllable Fake News Detection
Injecting Wiktionary to improve token-level contextual representations using contrastive learning
The New HTML Search Element
Leveraging AI to Advance Science and Computing Education across Africa: Progress, Challenges, and Opportunities
OpenAI CEO warns that 'societal misalignments' could make artificial intelligence dangerous
Do you use automated alerting in your job?
Cohere For AI Launches Aya, an LLM Covering More Than 100 Languages
Text Embeddings: Comprehensive Guide
ProLex: A Benchmark for Language Proficiency-oriented Lexical Substitution
Vision Mamba: Efficient Visual Representation Learning with Bidirectional State Space Model
Announcing Bite-Sized Coding Problems for AI/ML
What is Google One and is it worth it?
PeTailor: Improving Large Language Model by Tailored Chunk Scorer in Biomedical Triple Extraction
Lissard: Long and Simple Sequential Reasoning Datasets
EU outlines possible safety guidelines for generative AI in elections
Norton Launches Dark Web Monitoring in India
Utilizing Contextual Clues and Role Correlations for Enhancing Document-level Event Argument Extraction
Suppressing Pink Elephants with Direct Principle Feedback
[P] Tracking Healthcare Domain Conference Deadlines
The layoffs sweeping tech companies are 'contagious' and 'may get worse,' Jefferies analyst predicts
SDAT: Sub-Dataset Alternation Training for Improved Image Demosaicing
Novel Dual-Generator Framework for Open-Domain Question Answering
From Chaos to Clarity: Claim Normalization to Empower Fact-Checking
Large Language Models  Ad Referendum : How Good Are They at Machine Translation in the Legal Domain?
Do Membership Inference Attacks Work on Large Language Models?
Decoding the Popularity of TV Series: A Network Analysis Perspective
Major companies are reportedly using this AI tool to track Slack and Teams messages from more than 3 million employees. Privacy experts are alarmed.
CrossLingR: A Comprehensive Multilingual Receipt Dataset for Cross-Language Information Extraction and Classification
Text Detoxification as Style Transfer in English and Hindi
ChemLLM: A Chemical Large Language Model
Enhancing Language Model Alignment through Reward Transformation and Multi-Objective Optimization
CoNeS: Conditional neural fields with shift modulation for multi-sequence MRI translation
Keep or toss? A nonparametric score to evaluate solutions for noisy ICA
Apple AI Research Releases MLLM-Guided Image Editing (MGIE) to Enhance Instruction-based Image Editing via Learning to Produce Expressive Instructions
Driverless taxi torched by mob in San Francisco
Nvidia brushes shoulders with Amazon and Google in market value
Faithful Knowledge Graph Explanations for Commonsense Reasoning
Sensitivity Analysis for Unobserved Confounding
The Power of eConsent in Healthcare Workflows - with Melissa Easy and Vinita Navadgi of IQVIA
How Humanoids and Multimodal LLMs Will Disrupt the Workforce
InterDigital appoints Ken Kaskoun as Chief Growth Officer
Websites with seemingly AI-generated obituaries litter Google search, sometimes listing living people as deceased and turning private individuals into clickbait (Mia Sato/The Verge)
Serverless Chat GPT Assistant
PubCompare.ai
THINK Surgical and LINK strategically collaborate for Robotic TKA
NEC Launches AI-Powered Tech Suites for Smart Cities
What do Women in AI Really Want?
British chip designer ARM Holdings' stock soars amid AI hype
Cruise appoints safety chief amid self-driving turmoil
AI chips don't need trillion-dollar investments: Nvidia CEO
AI to amplify skills demand, say energy professionals
Spectral AI appoints Dr. J. Michael DiMaio to Board of Directors
Siemens is Bringing Generative AI to the Factory Floor
The software says my student cheated using AI. They say they're innocent. Who do I believe? | Robert Topinka
Are We Evolving to Homo Copilot?
Adobe's Very Cautious Gambit to Inject AI Into Everything
Why Python continues to reign supreme on the job market
People who are blind can navigate indoors with a phone in their pocket
Researchers from China Release ChemLLM for Chemistry
EU AI Act secures committees' backing ahead of full parliament vote
3 killer apps for cloud-based generative AI
ZMH adds ESG Veteran Marie-Josee Privyk to the Advisory Board
The One Internet Hack That Could Save Everything
ChatGPT? Sure, I've heard it. But is AI coming for my job?
Groq LPU  Inference Engine leads in First Independent LLM Benchmark
Oracle Announces New AI Features at Oracle Cloud World Mumbai
AI Leads New Unicorn Creation As Ranks Of $1B Startups Swells
Ex-Amazon Duo's Marqo Raises Funding to Build AI Search Tech
New robot guide dog shows not only human jobs are threatened by AI
Google DeepMind Unveils MusicRL: A Pretrained Autoregressive MusicLM Model of Discrete Audio Tokens Finetuned with Reinforcement Learning to Maximise Sequence-Level Rewards
Soon, Kids Would be Building GPT-2 in Schools
Blameless launches revolutionary AI-Powered Incident Assistant
My film is a finalist in an A.I. Film Competition - made 100% with A.I.
Protesters Gather Outside OpenAI Headquarters
Google Report Shows that 82% of Indians Expect Personal Gains from AI in the Next 5 Years
Building a Twilio-Powered App with Next.js and OpenAI GPT-3.
Fetch.ai and Deutsche Telekom partner to converge AI and blockchain
Edge 369: LLM Reasoning with Chain-Of-Code
The real problem with Google's new Gemini Android assistant
Advanced Robotics Meets Braille
Cohere Unveils Aya: Open-Source, Multilingual Model in 101 Languages
Python libraries for your DataScience CV in 2024
Low-code and no-code development gets a makeover as priorities shift to AI
Samsung Brings AI Capabilities to Galaxy S24 Buds
AI-powered Estonian QA startup Klaus acquired by Zendesk
Dude, where's my self-driving car?
X-ray Bone Fracture Detection: Enhancing Medical Diagnosis with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)
Arm Valuation Hits Stratosphere as AI Frenzy Widens
Demystifying Time Series Outliers - 4/4
A look at Adobe's very cautious gambit to add AI to Creative Cloud, pushed by Dall-E and Midjourney, and questions over whether creatives will embrace the tools (Bloomberg)
How To Comment Your Python Code as a Data Scientist
Harnessing the Power of Slots for Optimizing Memory Usage in Python
Otter.ai adds transcription archiving and recall across the enterprise
AI Used to Resurrect Dead Dictator to Sway Election
How Data Security Posture Management Protects Against Data Breaches
Nvidia's $560 Billion Gain Has Street Racing to Lift Targets
Otter.ai adds AI meeting features at no additional cost across all plans
MIT Researchers Use Explainable AI Model to Discover New Antibiotics
Sam Altman's $7 trillion chip dreams are way off the mark, says Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang
Watermarking the future
6 Influential Indian Women in AI
How AI Bots Could Sabotage 2024 Elections around the World
Pause AI and No AGI activists protest against AGI outside OpenAI office
Affordable AI Glasses that can see Beyond
Bret Taylor's new company aims to connect conversational AI to enterprise workflows
Three Popular ChatGPT Prompt Engineering Patterns for Life and Business Productivity
TikTok's AI-powered Creative Assistant is now available directly in Adobe Express
Our robot harvests cotton by reaching out and plucking it, like a lizard's tongue snatching flies
Mitigating Redundant UDF Computations in Spark Plans
'Societal misalignments' could make AI dangerous, OpenAI CEO warns
Why Generative Model Doesn't Work Well For Classification Task
Unlock Your Unique Playlist: Personalized Song Recommendations Using Spotify API
Prompt Engineering Best Practices for Instruction-Tuned LLM [Part 2]
Nvidia's Chat with RTX is a promising AI chatbot that runs locally on your PC
Nvidia releases an early version of Chat with RTX, an app that lets users run a personal AI chatbot on a PC with an RTX 30- or 40-series GPU and 8GB+ of VRAM (Tom Warren/The Verge)
ASML Drops With Tech as Traders Suspect 'Fat Finger' to Blame
VAST Data and Run:ai Revolutionize AI Operations with Full-Stack AI Solution Powered by NVIDIA Accelerated Computing
Case Statements in MySQL | Intermediate MySQL
#83: Google Bard Is Now Gemini, AI Agents Are Coming, and Sam Altman Seeks Trillions to Reshape AI
Talk to Your Ex: The AI Clone Dilemma | Breakups and Healing #shorts #valentinesday #relationship
AI Reasoning: New Method by Apple, Google
MLDS 2024 - India's Biggest Gen AI Summit | Official Aftermovie
Ep - 13 | Can Elon Musk's Neuralink be Trusted? | Beyond the code | AIM
Ads Ranking Evolution at Pinterest // Aayush Mudgal // #211
Ads Ranking Evolution at Pinterest // Aayush Mudgal // MLOps Podcast #211
This 21B LMM Beats Gemini Pro & GPT-3.5!!! (in Vision)
757: How to Speak so You Blow Listeners' Minds   with Cole Nussbaumer Knaflic
10 Generative AI Startup that made it to JioNextGen Cohort
Top 50 One-Liners JavaScript
Windows 11 Notepad - yes, Notepad! - to get AI smarts, Snipping Tool update coming too
Mindy gets backing from Sequoia to build an email-based AI assistant
For Google, 'Good Enough' Gemini AI Could Be Good Enough to Win
DoP Deep: What AI features are product teams building? Part 2
Professor David Ifeoluwa Adelani appointed Canada CIFAR AI Chair
Codia AI: Shaping the Design and Code Revolution of 2024 - Part 2
Towards Perceiving Small Visual Details in Zero-shot Visual Question Answering with Multimodal LLMs
NIST Establishes AI Safety Consortium
How Quickly Do Large Language Models Learn Unexpected Skills?
Half of Gen Z workers think ChatGPT gives better career advice than their manager, survey says
Finite Automata Simulation for Leveraging AI-Assisted Systems
2024 Tech Trends: AI Breakthroughs & Development Insights from O'Reilly's Free Report
Top 50 Useful Regex Patterns
Best Practices for Massive-Scale Deployments: Multitenancy and Custom Sharding
The Math and Code Behind K-Means Clustering
Setting A Dockerized Python Environment   The Hard Way
Lag-Llama: Open-Source Foundation Model for Time Series Forecasting
A day in the life of a deep learning engineer
Otter is making AI bots part of the group chat
A new way to let AI chatbots converse all day without crashing
[R] Fiddler: CPU-GPU Orchestration for Fast Inference of Mixture-of-Experts Models - University of Washington 2024 - Over 10x faster in inference than existing systems!
Will AGI pose a threat to humanity? We asked 3 experts at TNW Conference
Enhance! AI Super Resolution Is Here!
How AI Eliminates Common Supply Chain Bottlenecks
The AI Act looms closer, but will it be enough?
Otter brings GenAI to your meetings with AI summaries, AI chat and more
NVIDIA's new AI chatbot runs locally on your PC
Dr. Abdullah Canbaz, Director of AI in Complex Systems Lab at SUNY Albany
Graduates Land Top Financial Tech Jobs Through a Unique Program at the University of Delaware
Nvidia's new tool lets you run GenAI models on a PC
How to build a question answering system in Node.js with a vector index and OpenAI
mesur.io welcomes Jon Mundorf as Vice President of Engineering
Four ways AI could help us respond to climate change   despite how much energy it uses
Aya
MENTOR: Human Perception-Guided Pretraining for Increased Generalization
The FCC's Ban on AI in Robocalls Won't Be Enough
[R] [P] 10 times faster LLM evaluation with bayesian optimization
Interview with Elizabeth Ondula: Applied reinforcement learning
Microsoft Developing AI Super Resolution Upscaling for Windows 11
How to Make an Animated Search Bar with using only HTML and CSS
Sierra, an enterprise-focused conversational AI startup from Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor, launches with $110M in fundraising led by Sequoia Capital and Benchmark (Kylie Robison/Fortune)
Turning YouTube Comments into Expert Movie Critiques with Python and AI: A Step-by-Step Guide
Leonardo AI Adds Image Upscaler That Can 'Revive Old Photos'
[2402.07901] FAST: Factorizable Attention for Speeding up Transformers
Nvidia CEO calls for  Sovereign AI  as his firm overtakes Amazon in market value
HD-Painter: High Resolution Text-Guided Image Inpainting with Diffusion Models
A researcher finds a bug in fertility tracking app Glow's online forum that exposed the personal data of ~25M users; fixing the bug took Glow about a week (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Plan-and-Execute Agents
Quoting Will Wilson, on FoundationDB
Decoding AI Cognition: Unveiling the Color Perception of Large Language Models through Cognitive Psychology Methods
3 Research-Driven Advanced Prompting Techniques for LLM Efficiency and Speed Optimization
The original WWW proposal is a Word for Macintosh 4.0 file from 1990, can we open it?
13 key influencers within the world of AI
YC-backed Cambio puts AI bots on the phone to negotiate debt, talk to a bank's customers
Artificial intelligence needs to be trained on culturally diverse datasets to avoid bias
Alcion announces the launch of Alcion for Partners
This AI newsletter is all you need #86
Top Inference for Large Language Models Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Abridge announces  Abridge Inside
The New York Times' AI copyright lawsuit shows that forgiveness might not be better than permission
OpenAI Gives ChatGPT the Ability to Remember Facts From Your Chats
A US judge says OpenAI must face a claim of violating CA unfair competition law by using copyrighted books, but dismisses some claims like DMCA violations (Isaiah Poritz/Bloomberg Law)
Lexicon-Based Sentiment Analysis Using R
Generative AI Playground: Text-to-Image Stable Diffusion with Stability AI, Stable Diffusion XL, and CompVis on the Latest Intel GPU
Upcoming Event: OpenUSD Day at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Cruise swerves to hire safety guru after series of misadventures on the streets
OpenAI Gives ChatGPT a Better 'Memory'
OpenAI or Nvidia: Who Will Lead the Future of AI Chips?
How do land a causal inference focused DS job?
Gem ATS
4 Blockchain Niches Pushing the Boundaries of Innovation
ChatGPT is getting 'memory' to remember who you are and what you like
Don't tell your AI anything personal, Google warns in new Gemini privacy notice
Generative AI: 5 Use Cases for Forward-Thinking Businesses
Meet MouSi: A Novel PolyVisual System that Closely Mirrors the Complex and Multi-Dimensional Nature of Biological Visual Processing
Galaxy AI features, including Live Translation, are headed to Galaxy Buds
Announcing DuckDB 0.10.0
OpenAI Gives ChatGPT a Memory
easy-explain: Explainable AI with GradCam
Can AI write laws? Lawyer puts ChatGPT to the test
OpenAI rolls out a test of a  memory  feature, which will be on by default and let ChatGPT and custom GPTs remember info about users' conversations over time (David Pierce/The Verge)
IBM, Anaconda Partner to Embed Python into Enterprise AI
ChatGPT will now remember   and forget   things you tell it to
[R] OS-Copilot: Towards Generalist Computer Agents with Self-Improvement - Shanghai AI Laboratory 2024
Nvidia launches a chatbot that can run on your PC's GeForce RTX GPU
AI Marks New Release of Visual Studio 2022 17.9
Indian Govt Points to Existing IPR Regime for Protecting Generative AI Works
The Guardian view on the new drone wars: as the prices fall, the casualties mount | Editorial
Australia politics live: $14m lifeline for food banks under pressure; Ed Husic to announce AI panel
Sam Altman compares today's ChatGPT to a 'barely useful cellphone'
Road features that predict crash sites identified in new machine-learning model
I created an intelligent stock screener that can filter by 130+ industries and 40+ fundamental indicators
PureCipher launches Universal Multiplex Watermarks API Release 1
Measuring AI's Creativity with Visual Word Puzzles
Upgrade your diagramming game with Microsoft Visio for just $29
GraphRAG: Unlocking LLM discovery on narrative private data
USPTO: AI Can Assist But Humans Essential for Patent Protection
AI tools produce dazzling results   but do they really have 'intelligence'?
The creator of PyTorch Lightning on the AI hype cycle
How To Center a Div
Refreshing math skills
GPT-5 is  better at everything across the board,  says OpenAI CEO Sam Altman
Sarah Silverman's lawsuit against OpenAI partially dismissed
Why AI makers don't tell their chatbots to answer only what they know
OpenAI gives ChatGPT a memory for cross-chat learning
Lumiere, Google's Amazing Video Breakthrough
What keeps Sam Altman up at night?
Performing Customer Analytics with LangChain and LLMs
ChatGPT is getting a digital memory to recall your past conversations
Adobe Express Now Includes an AI-Powered TikTok Creative Assistant
Akamai extends its edge-computing platform as it looks to challenge AWS, Azure and GCP
[D] ICLR openreview visible?
Nvidia's free 'Chat with RTX' turns your documents into a personalized AI chatbot
NVIDIA unveils 'Chat with RTX,' a personal AI chatbot for Windows
Molding the Imagination: Using AI to Create New 3D-Printable Objects
BUD-E: Natural-sounding AI Voice Assistant with Empathy
New Release: NVIDIA DOCA 2.6
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang has a clever idea on how Nvidia can make even more money with AI
Sarah Silverman's copyright infringement suit against OpenAI will advance in pared-down form
The Most Advanced Libraries for Data Visualization and Analysis on the Web
Algorithms don't understand sarcasm. Yeah, right!
Microsoft's  Interactive Agent Foundation Model  learns in Minecraft
New GPT Store You Can Use for Free!
OS-Copilot: Your Personal AI Agent with Semantic Memory - Rabbit R1 Alternative That is FREE!
Kubernetes for Developers - First Chapter Summary
ChatGPT can REMEMBER YOU!!!
Kickstart Your Enterprise Model Management Journey with Weights & Biases
OpenAI Hits $2B Revenue Run Rate
Microsoft AI Copilot is Amazing But Broken
What is missing from current AI?
Live CEOing Ep 767: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [BitFlip, KeepElements, and More]
Stable Cascade Prompt Following Is Amazing   This Model Has Huge Potential   High Resolutions Uses Lesser VRAM
Master's of Data Science Programs Go Online
OpenAI Researcher Andrej Karpathy Departs
Google's Gemini AI Keeps Your Conversations for Up to 3 Years (Even If You Delete Them)
Generative AI Design Patterns: A Comprehensive Guide
Roundtable: Healthcare Organizations Put Generative AI Under the Microscope
Databricks CEO Predicts Major Drop in AI Chip Prices
Would you agree? Focusing on mastering math is the best RoI for long-term satisfaction
Judge bins authors' copyright claim against OpenAI
ChatGPT will now remember its past conversations with you (if you want it to)
Microsoft's pricey AI assistant Copilot is giving some early adopters buyer's remorse
US patent office confirms AI can't hold patents
5 Reasons For Altman's Bold $7 Trillion Bet
7 ways AI chatbots can help you crush Valentine's Day
Protesters Swarm OpenAI
Nvidia Bolsters RAPIDS Graph Analytics with NetworkX Expansion
Abraham De Moivre, His Famous Theorem, and the Birth of the Normal Curve
OpenAI is Planning to Give ChatGPT Memories
Airbnb plans to use AI, including its GamePlanner acquisition, to create the 'ultimate concierge'
[R] Diffusion of Thoughts: Chain-of-Thought Reasoning in Diffusion Language Models
Essential Math for Data Science VS Math for machine learning, which is a better book?
For the first time since 2002, Nvidia ended a trading day with a bigger market value than Amazon, as its market cap reached $1.78T, fueled by the AI boom (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
AI-Powered Children's Toy Agrees to Stop Responding, But Keeps Keeps Butting Into Conversation Again
McDonald's Making Job Applicants Take Weird AI Personality Tests
AI researcher Andrej Karpathy, one of the founding members of OpenAI, leaves the company; Karpathy was developing a product that he described as an AI assistant (The Information)
Judge rejects most ChatGPT copyright claims from book authors
How to Detect Seasonality in the Time Series Data, And Remove Seasonality in Python
US patents boss cannot stress enough that inventors must be human, not AI
Avery Smith's 90-Day Blueprint: Fast-Track to Landing a Data Job
Driverless? No, But How About Having a Car as Co-Pilot?
Andrej Karpathy is leaving OpenAI again   but he says there was no drama
DS Jobs in Social Sciences?
Using homomorphic encryption?
How to Build Your Own LLM Coding Assistant With Code Llama
Cohere's nonprofit research lab releases its open-source multilingual LLM Aya, which it says can follow instructions in more than 100 languages (Alison Snyder/Axios)
How can I compete with this?
Shocking: Andrej Karpathy leaves OpenAI
[P] Speech Synthesis with Mamba: Beginner friendly notebook + code
DP-Auditorium: A flexible library for auditing differential privacy
OpenAI experiments with giving ChatGPT a long-term conversation memory
Forge UI - 75% faster than Automatic 1111
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Margaret Gathoni | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Rhowena Vespa | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Vannia Hnatiuk | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentations with Wei Zhang | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Habon Issa | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Submission with Nupur Gokhale | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Urvi Haval | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Victory Odianosen | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Aayushi Jha | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Zilin Lu | Kaggle
GPUs on Fly.io are available to everyone!
Meet Lumos: A RAG LLM Co-Pilot for Browsing the Web, Powered by Local LLMs
Extensible Tokenization: Revolutionizing Context Understanding in Large Language Models
What are common industry methods to measure model uncertainty?
This AI Paper from China Introduce InternLM-XComposer2: A Cutting-Edge Vision-Language Model Excelling in Free-Form Text-Image Composition and Comprehension
Sentinels of the Stream: Unleashing Large Language Models for Dynamic Packet Classification in Software Defined Networks -- Position Paper
LaFiCMIL: Rethinking Large File Classification from the Perspective of Correlated Multiple Instance Learning
Improving Generalization in Semantic Parsing by Increasing Natural Language Variation
UFO: A UI-Focused Agent for Windows OS Interaction
Ranking LLM-Generated Loop Invariants for Program Verification
Prompt4Vis: Prompting Large Language Models with Example Mining and Schema Filtering for Tabular Data Visualization
Age-structured estimation of COVID-19 ICU demand from low quality data
AttackEval: How to Evaluate the Effectiveness of Jailbreak Attacking on Large Language Models
Tandem Transformers for Inference Efficient LLMs
This Land is {Your, My} Land: Evaluating Geopolitical Biases in Language Models
PreFLMR: Scaling Up Fine-Grained Late-Interaction Multi-modal Retrievers
Techniques for supercharging academic writing with generative AI
Exploring the Maze of Multilingual Modeling
OpenAI Rolls Out ChatGPT  Memory  Function to Select Users
Multilingual Instruction Tuning With Just a Pinch of Multilinguality
Explicit References to Social Values in Fairy Tales: A Comparison between Three European Cultures
Plausible Extractive Rationalization through Semi-Supervised Entailment Signal
Globally-Optimal Greedy Experiment Selection for Active Sequential Estimation
Theoretical Analysis of Leave-one-out Cross Validation for Non-differentiable Penalties under High-dimensional Settings
Pixel Sentence Representation Learning
Scalable Qualitative Coding with LLMs: Chain-of-Thought Reasoning Matches Human Performance in Some Hermeneutic Tasks
A Human-Machine Collaboration Framework for the Development of Schemas
CCPrefix: Counterfactual Contrastive Prefix-Tuning for Many-Class Classification
Eliciting Big Five Personality Traits in Large Language Models: A Textual Analysis with Classifier-Driven Approach
Classification Using Global and Local Mahalanobis Distances
ALMs: Authorial Language Models for Authorship Attribution
Higher Layers Need More LoRA Experts
CMA-R:Causal Mediation Analysis for Explaining Rumour Detection
QACP: An Annotated Question Answering Dataset for Assisting Chinese Python Programming Learners
Are Large Language Model-based Evaluators the Solution to Scaling Up Multilingual Evaluation?
Beyond LLMs: Advancing the Landscape of Complex Reasoning
LLMs and the Human Condition
Careless Whisper: Speech-to-Text Hallucination Harms
Improving Factual Error Correction for Abstractive Summarization via Data Distillation and Conditional-generation Cloze
In a research paper, Apple researchers detail a new AI tool called Keyframer, which uses LLMs to animate static images through natural language prompts (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
AlpaGasus: Training A Better Alpaca with Fewer Data
Bayesian Multi-Task Transfer Learning for Soft Prompt Tuning
Addressing cognitive bias in medical language models
The Power of Noise: Redefining Retrieval for RAG Systems
Auditing Counterfire: Evaluating Advanced Counterargument Generation with Evidence and Style
Punctuation Restoration Improves Structure Understanding without Supervision
Watermarking Conditional Text Generation for AI Detection: Unveiling Challenges and a Semantic-Aware Watermark Remedy
A Systematic Survey of Prompt Engineering in Large Language Models: Techniques and Applications
CATfOOD: Counterfactual Augmented Training for Improving Out-of-Domain Performance and Calibration
Compositional Deep Probabilistic Models of DNA Encoded Libraries
Wife of Tesla employee who died in what may have been the first 'full self-driving' crash said she and her husband were 'guinea pigs'
Lying Blindly: Bypassing ChatGPT's Safeguards to Generate Hard-to-Detect Disinformation Claims at Scale
What can we know about that which we cannot even imagine?
Privacy-Preserving Language Model Inference with Instance Obfuscation
A Survey of Table Reasoning with Large Language Models
Multi-Step Dialogue Workflow Action Prediction
Applications, challenges and ethical issues of AI and ChatGPT in education
The Curious Case of Nonverbal Abstract Reasoning with Multi-Modal Large Language Models
Enhancing Amharic-LLaMA: Integrating Task Specific and Generative Datasets
Hypercomplex neural network in time series forecasting of stock data
C-RAG: Certified Generation Risks for Retrieval-Augmented Language Models
Blinded by Generated Contexts: How Language Models Merge Generated and Retrieved Contexts for Open-Domain QA?
Few-Shot Data Synthesis for Open Domain Multi-Hop Question Answering
SemRel2024: A Collection of Semantic Textual Relatedness Datasets for 14 Languages
Large Language Models as Minecraft Agents
Microsoft Unveils New Generative AI Features in Cloud for Sustainability
Learning to Compress Prompts with Gist Tokens
Large Language Models are Clinical Reasoners: Reasoning-Aware Diagnosis Framework with Prompt-Generated Rationales
Evaluating the Data Model Robustness of Text-to-SQL Systems Based on Real User Queries
Rates of Convergence in the Central Limit Theorem for Markov Chains, with an Application to TD Learning
Algebraic methods for solving recognition problems with non-crossing classes
Learning to Produce Semi-dense Correspondences for Visual Localization
Visual Question Answering Instruction: Unlocking Multimodal Large Language Model To Domain-Specific Visual Multitasks
Are Semi-Dense Detector-Free Methods Good at Matching Local Features?
PIN: Positional Insert Unlocks Object Localisation Abilities in VLMs
Optimized Information Flow for Transformer Tracking
ScreenAgent: A Vision Language Model-driven Computer Control Agent
DriveGPT4: Interpretable End-to-end Autonomous Driving via Large Language Model
Customizable Perturbation Synthesis for Robust SLAM Benchmarking
MatSynth: A Modern PBR Materials Dataset
Taking Training Seriously: Human Guidance and Management-Based Regulation of Artificial Intelligence
Monocular Cyclist Detection with Convolutional Neural Networks
Learning Weakly Supervised Audio-Visual Violence Detection in Hyperbolic Space
Camera Calibration through Geometric Constraints from Rotation and Projection Matrices
A Dense Reward View on Aligning Text-to-Image Diffusion with Preference
Learning Continuous 3D Words for Text-to-Image Generation
Rethinking U-net Skip Connections for Biomedical Image Segmentation
Fine-Tuning Text-To-Image Diffusion Models for Class-Wise Spurious Feature Generation
Learning semantic image quality for fetal ultrasound from noisy ranking annotation
Transferring Ultrahigh-Field Representations for Intensity-Guided Brain Segmentation of Low-Field Magnetic Resonance Imaging
JeFaPaTo -- A joint toolbox for blinking analysis and facial features extraction
Conditional Information Gain Trellis
Automated Classification of Body MRI Sequence Type Using Convolutional Neural Networks
NeRF Analogies: Example-Based Visual Attribute Transfer for NeRFs
One-to-many Reconstruction of 3D Geometry of cultural Artifacts using a synthetically trained Generative Model
Points2Surf: Learning Implicit Surfaces from Point Cloud Patches
H2O-SDF: Two-phase Learning for 3D Indoor Reconstruction using Object Surface Fields
An open dataset for oracle bone script recognition and decipherment
Oracle-MNIST: a Dataset of Oracle Characters for Benchmarking Machine Learning Algorithms
P-Mamba: Marrying Perona Malik Diffusion with Mamba for Efficient Pediatric Echocardiographic Left Ventricular Segmentation
An Order-Complexity Aesthetic Assessment Model for Aesthetic-aware Music Recommendation
Comparison Of Deep Object Detectors On A New Vulnerable Pedestrian Dataset
Grounded Question-Answering in Long Egocentric Videos
Color Image Denoising Using The Green Channel Prior
EndoGaussian: Real-time Gaussian Splatting for Dynamic Endoscopic Scene Reconstruction
Latent space configuration for improved generalization in supervised autoencoder neural networks
Unmasking honey adulteration : a breakthrough in quality assurance through cutting-edge convolutional neural network analysis of thermal images
Advancing Data-driven Weather Forecasting: Time-Sliding Data Augmentation of ERA5
ARTrackV2: Prompting Autoregressive Tracker Where to Look and How to Describe
Latent Inversion with Timestep-aware Sampling for Training-free Non-rigid Editing
Scribble-based fast weak-supervision and interactive corrections for segmenting whole slide images
MetaTra: Meta-Learning for Generalized Trajectory Prediction in Unseen Domain
Improving Image Coding for Machines through Optimizing Encoder via Auxiliary Loss
Slot-VAE: Object-Centric Scene Generation with Slot Attention
Street-View Image Generation from a Bird's-Eye View Layout
The Paradox of Motion: Evidence for Spurious Correlations in Skeleton-based Gait Recognition Models
BdSLW60: A Word-Level Bangla Sign Language Dataset
Bridging Optimal Transport and Jacobian Regularization by Optimal Trajectory for Enhanced Adversarial Defense
Efficient 3D Reconstruction, Streaming and Visualization of Static and Dynamic Scene Parts for Multi-client Live-telepresence in Large-scale Environments
Extending 3D body pose estimation for robotic-assistive therapies of autistic children
Glass Segmentation with Multi Scales and Primary Prediction Guiding
SepRep-Net: Multi-source Free Domain Adaptation via Model Separation And Reparameterization
A Neural-network Enhanced Video Coding Framework beyond ECM
Poisson flow consistency models for low-dose CT image denoising
FESS Loss: Feature-Enhanced Spatial Segmentation Loss for Optimizing Medical Image Analysis
Learning Cortical Anomaly through Masked Encoding for Unsupervised Heterogeneity Mapping
Translating Images to Road Network:A Non-Autoregressive Sequence-to-Sequence Approach
CrossGaze: A Strong Method for 3D Gaze Estimation in the Wild
Leveraging Self-Supervised Instance Contrastive Learning for Radar Object Detection
Visually Dehallucinative Instruction Generation
Airbnb sees AI as its ticket to become a sprawling Big Tech giant
Stream Ordering: How And Why a Geo-scientist Sometimes Needed to Rank Rivers on a Map
Evaluating Synthetic Data   The Million Dollar Question
Using the Ollama API to run LLMs and generate responses locally
6 Courses for Designers & Illustrators to Learn AI Art
NVIDIA's Chat with RTX Brings AI Chatbot Directly to PCs
SoftBank Vision Funds co-CEO Alex Clavel says the fund is  looking very carefully  at generative AI firms, as SoftBank embraces a cautious investment approach (Bloomberg)
Experience the Magic of Stable Audio by Stability AI: Where Text Prompts Become Stereo Soundscapes!
Akamai Bets on Edge Computing to Take on AWS, Azure and Google Cloud
Cyber Startup Armis Buys Firm That Sets 'Honeypots' for Hackers
ChatGPT gets a 'memory' upgrade to remember things about you
[Exclusive] Pushpak Bhattacharyya on Understanding Complex Human Emotions in LLMs
Stability AI Releases New AI Model, Stable Cascade
'AI Girlfriends' Are a Privacy Nightmare
A San Francisco Lyft driver explains how Waymo's self-driving taxis have made driving even more competitive
Is Upscaling Useful at Lower Resolutions? Nvidia DLSS vs Native at 1080p
Microsoft and the Taylor Swift genAI deepfake problem
AI and copyright: book authors suffer defeat that doesn't mean much
HTML Tips - Less Known HTML Tags and Attributes
BabAI
AI giants to unveil pact to fight political deepfakes
Fine-Tuning LlaMa 2 on Custom Data!
5 things to consider before you deploy an LLM
ASML Sees Signs of Rebound With Semiconductor Market at Nadir
The Dummy models of Scikit-learn
Chinese tech startups quietly stop testing driverless cars on Californian roads
[P] Making my bookshelves clickable with computer vision
Why Should You Attend The Rising 2024?
Understanding Methane Emissions Through Heat Map and Comparison of Many Models
Amid artificial intelligence boom, AI girlfriends and boyfriends are making their mark
Domino Data Lab wins Two Dresner Tech Innovation Awards
Understanding the HTML '' Element
Cyberhaven unveils Autonomous AI Agent to Halt Corporate Data Leaks
Study: 8 in 10 fraud fighters expect to deploy generative AI by 2025
Will there be AI Winter 3.0? [D]
NVIDIA Chat with RTX
Breaking: Mozilla changes strategy, focuses on Firefox and AI
Rizz Check
Oracle Cloud Powers Yubi's Co-lending Expansion
Origin AI launches Origin Research
Podcast: Generally AI Episode 4: Sold Out!
Leading AI researcher Andrej Karpathy leaves OpenAI
Tech spending shifts to meet AI demand, forces a 'reshuffling of skills' for workers
Waymo issues software recall after two cars hit the same truck
Over 170 million fake reviews were removed from Maps and Search thanks to Google's new algorithm
Survey: 1 in 3 People are Using AI to Save their Love Lives
Chat with RTX now lets you run LLMs insanely fast on consumer GPUs (using Nvidia's Tensor cores for acceleration)
Taking the guesswork out of AI
Case Study: How Alibaba Effectively Engages with A Billion Customers
ASML CFO Roger Dassen says the chip market  has now reached the lowest point of the dip  and  the recovery is nascent ; ASML's top client spent &euro;8.78B in 2023 (Cagan Koc/Bloomberg)
JumpCloud report reveals SMEs conflicted about AI
NTT Ltd. to Enter Paris Market with Significant Data Center Expansion
Meet the scientist exploring how AI could impact implantables for healthcare
GitHub Announces Funding Programme for Open Source AI Startups
Salesforce AI Researchers Propose BootPIG: A Novel Architecture that Allows a User to Provide Reference Images of an Object in Order to Guide the Appearance of a Concept in the Generated Images
Apromore appoints CRO, continues growth for AI process improvement
Disable AI Bloatware on Windows 10 and 11 with BloatynosyAI
Microsoft kicks off .NET 9
A Mozilla study of 11 AI romance chatbots finds that they harvest personal information extensively, and that 10 of them may sell or share the data they collect (Thomas Germain/Gizmodo)
[D] If I have a sampling strategy A, B, and C and B perform the best. Would that still be true if data scaled?
More VRAM for AI in future GPUs?
Prof John Kelleher takes leading roles at Trinity and Adapt
[D] Future of Machine Learning research
Advanced RAG 04: Re-ranking
Using AI and analytics to benefit workplace connections
How to Tell an AI-Generated Ransom Attempt From a Real One
This gaming startup tries to show 'AI + crypto' is not a fad
A new satellite will use Google's AI to map methane leaks from space
What Is Data Lineage, And Why Does It Matter?
Neural matrix: a new lifeform for digital evolution
Microsoft and OpenAI say hackers are using ChatGPT to improve cyberattacks
Microsoft and OpenAI identify and disrupt nation-state cyber threats that use AI, new report shows
ChatGPT will soon be able to remember your conversations
Founding OpenAI Member Andrej Karpathy Leaves Company
[R] World Model on Million-Length Video And Language With RingAttention - UC Berkeley 2024 - Is able to describe a clip in an over an hour long video with over 500 clips with near perfect accuracy! - Is open source!
Hackers for China, Russia and Others Used OpenAI Systems, Report Says
These Companies are Changing Biotech & Biopharma with AI in 2024
Slack rolls out AI features to summarize threads, offer channel recaps, let users ask questions, and more to Enterprise users, after testing Slack AI in 2023 (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Nvidia Chat with RTX hands-on: 35GB installer, Mistral 7B and Llama 2 are 70GB, great at summarizing details and targeted questions, but no follow-up questions (Harish Jonnalagadda/Windows Central)
This AI Paper Presents Find+Replace Transformers: A Family of Multi-Transformer Architectures that can Provably do Things no Single Transformer can and which Outperform GPT-4 on Several Tasks
Big Tech Rally on Shaky Ground as Rate View Darkens: Tech Watch
Dublin edtech IreeMay prepares Irish launch and eyes funding
Making my bookshelves clickable
Transformers vs. Generalized State Space Models: Unveiling the Efficiency and Limitations in Sequence Modeling
I can get $3000 for learning purposes. Any recommendations?
Worthwhile Research for building SOTA LLMs (Jan 2024 Recap)
Slack adds AI-fueled search and summarization to the platform
Waymo issues recall after two of its driverless cars crashed into the same pickup truck within minutes
The text file that runs the internet
How a French health insurance unicorn plans to leverage AI to reach profitability
Microsoft and OpenAI detect and disrupt nation-state cyber threats that use AI, report shows
Why reward models are key for alignment
Chinese Women Say AI Boyfriends Are  Better Than a Real Man
Slack's highly anticipated AI features are finally here, including channel recaps, thread summaries, and more
NVIDIA Researchers Introduce Audio Flamingo: A Novel Audio Language Model with Few-Shot Learning and Dialogue Abilities
Microsoft and OpenAI say hackers are already using LLMs to refine and improve cyberattacks, including Russian, North Korean, Iranian, and Chinese-backed groups (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Why the Future of AI Code Generation is Personalization
An Introduction to Testing with Django for Python
Bringing AI up to speed   autonomous auto racing promises safer driverless cars on the road
Slack's new generative AI features include thread summaries and conversational search
Google will use AI and satellite imagery to monitor methane leaks
Slack AI is here, letting you catch up on lengthy threads and unread messages
ChaGPT can now remember things
How to explain gradient descent to your mom: complete tutorial
Not popular alternatives to widely-used AI tools: image generators, video makers, essay writers, etc.
Russian and North Korean hackers used OpenAI tools to hone cyberattacks
Microsoft says US rivals are beginning to use generative AI in offensive cyber operations
How to Ensure Your Computer Vision Model Performs Well in Edge Cases
Databricks CEO On What It Takes to Turn LLMs Into a Big Business
Tinder Is Totally Cool With Your AI Dating Assistant
It's not just about integrating AI, it has to 'actually deliver'
ChatGPT vs. Copilot: Which AI chatbot is better for you?
What Is Generative AI?
Towards Understanding Large Language Models : Fine-Tuning
Sam Altman Worries AI Could Go  Horribly Wrong
Voices of the dead: shooting victims plead for gun reform with AI-voice messages
Meet EscherNet: A Multi-View Conditioned Diffusion Model for View Synthesis
Slack launches genAI tools for big businesses, remains mum on price
Y Combinator puts out a new call for startups in areas like AI, spatial computing, climate tech and more
These 32 robotics companies are hiring
Top OpenAI Researcher Quits, References  Conspiracy Theories
one of the Codia AI Design technologies: OCR Technology
Chartpack: Security and privacy trends for product teams
Anything in Any Scene : AI framework seamlessly inserts photorealistic objects into video
Bringing AI up to speed autonomous auto racing promises safer driverless cars on the road
GenAI startup Nyonic loses four out of five cofounders over China-facing strategy
Nvidia's Almost Worth 2 Trillion. Is It a Bubble, or Is It Just Getting Started?
OpenAI board member Bret Taylor has a new AI startup
Gemini Advanced is most impressive when it's working with Google
Top 5 DataCamp Courses for Mastering Generative AI
Waymo services driverless car software after Phoenix truck collision
Two OpenAI book lawsuits partially dismissed by California court
Providing the right products at the right time with machine learning
How robotics and AI helped Hippo Harvest land $21M to grow lettuce
[D] Best way to read and learn from Research Papers
Morpheus-1: How Artificial Intelligence is Redefining the Boundary Between Dreams and Reality?
Nearly All Wealth Gained By World's Rich This Year Comes From AI
The Year Chatbots Were Tamed
Riccardo Ocleppo, Founder & Director of OPIT   Interview Series
Russian, North Korean Hackers Use AI to Boost Cyber Operations
ChatGPT Remembers: The Update That Changes Everything | OpenAI Gives ChatGPT a Memory & New Controls
#169 Guillermo Rauch: How To Use AI to Improve Web Development
How Microsoft ML Researcher Actually Uses ChatGPT
Google's Free AI Tool for Writers
Apple's latest prototype AI tool can animate images using text descriptions
Scammers Litter Dating Apps With AI-Generated Profile Pics
Don't trust AI girlfriends   they only want you for your data
[P] I put together a pytorch debugger with an emphasis on minimal code changes and tools for catching silent errors, like what could be causing NaNs in your loss.
How Dataherald Makes Natural Language to SQL Easy
Fujitsu announced details of a new company-wide AI strategy
This AI Paper Proposes LongAlign: A Recipe of the Instruction Data, Training, and Evaluation for Long Context Alignment
Stability AI details Stable Cascade, a new image generation model built on a different architecture to SDXL to improve performance and accuracy, now in preview (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
What Are Python F-Strings and How Do You Use Them?
Top 5 most in-demand analytics roles right now
Four ways AI could help to respond to climate change despite how much energy it uses
Stability AI Reveal an Entirely New Image Model Called Stable Cascade
Meet Hawkeye: A Unified Deep Learning-based Fine-Grained Image Recognition Toolbox Built on PyTorch
Meet MFLES: A Python Library Designed to Enhance Forecasting Accuracy in the Face of Multiple Seasonality Challenges
YOLO-NAS: The Next Frontier in Object Detection in Computer Vision
OpenAI rolls out ChatGPT memory to select users
Slack Rolls Out Generative AI Search and Summarization
Apple accelerates its genAI efforts with LLM image-editing tool
This AI company just became more valuable than Google's parent
AI tools produce dazzling results but do they really have 'intelligence'?
Equity: Bret Taylor has a brand new AI startup
Alation Launches Data Culture Maturity Assessment
Unveiling the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra: Top 5 Features and In-depth Overview
Deploying your Rust WASM Game to Web with Shuttle & Axum
Man's Tinder AI Makes Date With Woman, Forgets to Tell Him and Stands Her Up
Penn is the first Ivy League to offer a degree in AI
Zuckerberg makes valid points on the Quest 3 being better overall than the Vision Pro today, but he risks having his own  Ballmer laughs off the iPhone  moment (M.G. Siegler/Spyglass)
Learn ChatGPT for business with this $30 course bundle
Rasa, an enterprise-focused dev platform for conversational GenAI, raises $30M
Nvidia's Customizable Chatbot You Can Run on Your PC
How Microsoft names threat actors
Colorizing sketches using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
Semantic Layers are the Missing Piece for AI-Enabled Analytics
EU's AI Act wins fresh backing ahead of April vote
Accelerating Drug Discovery at Receptor.AI with NVIDIA BioNeMo Cloud APIs
Google, Environmental Defense Fund will track methane emissions from space
OpenAI Develops Web Search Product in Challenge to Google
Would a data analytics bachelor's degree be more beneficial than a CompSci degree in this industry?
OpenAI Chair Says His AI Firm Won't Compete With ChatGPT Maker
North Korea and Iran using AI for hacking, Microsoft says
Nvidia Overtakes Alphabet, One Day After Eclipsing Amazon
Microsoft's UFO abducts traditional user interfaces for a smarter Windows experience
Transitioning From PyTorch to Burn
Featured Cybersecurity Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Qantm AI CEO on AI Strategy, Governance and Avoiding Pitfalls
AI Reveals Hotspots of Climate Denial
US says AI models can't hold patents
ChatGPT unlocks memory powers so you can stop repeating yourself
Mimicking Insect Brains: A Leap Forward in Efficient Robotics
OpenAI and Microsoft thwart  state-affiliated  attackers' malicious use of AI
These founders want a more ethical company structure for startups
Rasa, which provides a framework and a low-code UI to help enterprises build AI chatbots, raised a $30M Series C co-led by StepStone Group and PayPal Ventures (Mary Ann Azevedo/TechCrunch)
'Saving lives': How AI is helping doctors better predict heart failure
Rakuten Group builds with LangChain and LangSmith to deliver premium products for its business clients and employees
A Data Person's Guide to Tackling Analysis Paralysis
accessing rows and columns in a 2d array and insert method(python)
Lyft Earnings and Bret Taylor's New AI Product | Bloomberg Technology
Google DeepMind Introduces MusicRL Model
Elon Musk Claims Tesla Employee's Fatal Crash Had Nothing to Do With Full-Self-Driving
Researchers Use Machine Learning to Aid in Early Dementia Diagnosis
NVIDIA's new AI chatbot runs locally on your PC, and its free
University of Notre Dame Joins AI Safety Institute Consortium
OpenAI is testing long-term memory capabilities for ChatGPT
An AI analysis service platform for predicting outcomes in e-sports tournaments
Beware: AI girlfriends are little more than data-harvesting nightmares
Learning the importance of training data under concept drift
Mozilla lays off 60 people, wants to build AI into Firefox
AI won't take our jobs and it might even save the middle class
How To Improve AI Performance By Understanding Embedding Quality
A Starry Escape (an Attempt at Science Fiction)
[R] Model Collapse Demystified: The Case of Regression
Qantm AI CEO on AI Strategy, Open Source Models and What's to Come
Polarr Next is a Web-Based, AI-Powered Photo Editor Made for Pros
Live CEOing Ep 768: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [InterpolatingFunction Methods and More]
Visualizing Neural Network Internals
AgentKit: Create Production-Grade Software Apps with AI toolkits!
How Robots See and Move: Unpacking the Tech Behind Robotic Dogs
The Secret to Becoming a World-Class Communicator
History of Science and Technology Q&A (February 14, 2024)
Gemini vs OpenAI
Stable Cascade - Local Install - SUPER EASY!
Digitalization: A Game Changer for the Auto Industry
Karpathy Leaves OpenAI as OpenAI Launches Memory for ChatGPT
Nvidia Reports Stakes in Arm, SoundHound and Biotech Company
The VAST Potential for Hosting GenAI Workloads, Data
How to build an online python code editor using Ace
Tesla FSD is still a work in progress amid tech challenges, lawsuits
Aim policies at hardware to ensure AI safety, say experts
Using Stripe Docs in your RAG pipeline with LlamaIndex
Source: OpenAI has been developing a web search product partly powered by Bing (Aaron Holmes/The Information)
Silicon Valley's biggest ever 'dogfooding' experiment has begun. The implications are huge.
Calgary Farmers' Market calls negative reaction to AI art a 'tempest in a teapot'
Nvidia passed Alphabet on February 14 as the third most valuable US company and the world's fourth with a market cap of ~$1.83T, one day after overtaking Amazon (Subrat Patnaik/Bloomberg)
Startup pitches AI tool to prevent Pentagon procurement blunders
How to give a young intern a memorable experience
AI's Next Stop: A Copyright Showdown
Deepfakes of Mass Shooting Victims 'Call' Lawmakers
Stability AI tries to stay ahead of the pack with a new image-generating AI model
Largest text-to-speech AI model yet shows 'emergent abilities'
OpenAI shuts down China, Russia, Iran, N Korea accounts caught doing naughty things
Quilter's AI design service nabs $10M to make circuit board design easier
Their children were shot, so they used AI to recreate their voices and call lawmakers
[P] Whisper Large v3 Benchmark: 1 Million hours transcribed for $5110 (11,736 mins per dollar) on consumer GPUs - A follow-up
Salesforce to Invest in Nvidia Chip Reseller at More Than $1 Billion Valuation
Trustworthy AI Series: Responsible AI Concepts [AI Today Podcast]
AI girlfriends will only break your heart, privacy experts warn
How do you keep track of all the math?
What We Learned When We Built a Vector Database-and Our Customers Started Using It (part 1)
Nvidia is now worth more than Amazon and Alphabet
Slack adds AI to help users cope with chat overload
Sota Image Captioning Model Kosmos-2 Added To Our Image Captioning Scripts Arsenal
This AI Paper Unveils Mixed-Precision Training for Fourier Neural Operators: Bridging Efficiency and Precision in High-Resolution PDE Solutions
The new Copilot has been a huge disappointment from the first impression
[D] Is there a way of  negative prompting  at fine-tuning time?
TSMC Soars Most Since 2020 After Broker Upgrades on AI Prospects
Sources: Together AI, which helps developers access Nvidia server chips to train AI models, is raising $100M+ led by Salesforce Ventures at a $1B+ valuation (The Information)
[N] Gradio Notebook Custom Component
In pursuit of artificial general intelligence, Meta adds Broadcom boss Hock Tan to its board
Adaptive Retrieval with Matryoshka Embeddings
Microsoft's TAG-LLM: An AI Weapon for Decoding Complex Protein Structures and Chemical Compounds!
Object Detection: COCO and YOLO formats, and conversion between them
PLTR Stock: Palantir Announces Sponsorship of Inaugural AI Expo
Fast R Tutorial for Python Users
Scaling the Authoring of AutoTutors with Large Language Models
Personalized Large Language Models
An Embarrassingly Simple Approach for LLM with Strong ASR Capacity
New accordion component
Structured Language Generation Model for Robust Structure Prediction
Learning How To Ask: Cycle-Consistency Refines Prompts in Multimodal Foundation Models
JAMDEC: Unsupervised Authorship Obfuscation using Constrained Decoding over Small Language Models
LlaSMol: Advancing Large Language Models for Chemistry with a Large-Scale, Comprehensive, High-Quality Instruction Tuning Dataset
Massively Multi-Cultural Knowledge Acquisition & LM Benchmarking
Optimal Learning via Moderate Deviations Theory
Cross-Temporal Forecast Reconciliation at Digital Platforms with Machine Learning
Now It Sounds Like You: Learning Personalized Vocabulary On Device
LINC: A Neurosymbolic Approach for Logical Reasoning by Combining Language Models with First-Order Logic Provers
Syllable based DNN-HMM Cantonese Speech to Text System
SyntaxShap: Syntax-aware Explainability Method for Text Generation
Whatfix Launches Immersive Training Tool Mirror
diff History for Neural Language Agents
(Ir)rationality in AI: State of the Art, Research Challenges and Open Questions
SoK: Pitfalls in Evaluating Black-Box Attacks
Advancing NLP Models with Strategic Text Augmentation: A Comprehensive Study of Augmentation Methods and Curriculum Strategies
Spectral Filters, Dark Signals, and Attention Sinks
Premise Order Matters in Reasoning with Large Language Models
Top 6 Synthesia AI Alternative in 2024
Characterization of Locality in Spin States and Forced Moves for Optimizations
eCeLLM: Generalizing Large Language Models for E-commerce from Large-scale, High-quality Instruction Data
Generating Diverse Translation with Perturbed kNN-MT
Towards better Human-Agent Alignment: Assessing Task Utility in LLM-Powered Applications
(Ir)rationality and Cognitive Biases in Large Language Models
DNABERT-S: Learning Species-Aware DNA Embedding with Genome Foundation Models
Tell Me More! Towards Implicit User Intention Understanding of Language Model Driven Agents
Custom Code Snippets in VS Code
In-context Learning with Retrieved Demonstrations for Language Models: A Survey
MMD-based Variable Importance for Distributional Random Forest
Central Limit Theorem for Two-Timescale Stochastic Approximation with Markovian Noise: Theory and Applications
Learning to Generate Context-Sensitive Backchannel Smiles for Embodied AI Agents with Applications in Mental Health Dialogues
UniEnc-CASSNAT: An Encoder-only Non-autoregressive ASR for Speech SSL Models
CLOMO: Counterfactual Logical Modification with Large Language Models
DolphCoder: Echo-Locating Code Large Language Models with Diverse and Multi-Objective Instruction Tuning
A 4-approximation algorithm for min max correlation clustering
Public Attitudes Toward ChatGPT on Twitter: Sentiments, Topics, and Occupations
HGOT: Hierarchical Graph of Thoughts for Retrieval-Augmented In-Context Learning in Factuality Evaluation
ICDPO: Effectively Borrowing Alignment Capability of Others via In-context Direct Preference Optimization
Incentive-Aware Synthetic Control: Accurate Counterfactual Estimation via Incentivized Exploration
Copyright Traps for Large Language Models
Tree-Based Hard Attention with Self-Motivation for Large Language Models
Python Loops: A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners
Continuous Prompt Generation from Linear Combination of Discrete Prompt Embeddings
Leveraging Large Language Models for Enhanced NLP Task Performance through Knowledge Distillation and Optimized Training Strategies
InstructGraph: Boosting Large Language Models via Graph-centric Instruction Tuning and Preference Alignment
Attacks, Defenses and Evaluations for LLM Conversation Safety: A Survey
Fusing Individualized Treatment Rules Using Secondary Outcomes
Chain of History: Learning and Forecasting with LLMs for Temporal Knowledge Graph Completion
A Dataset for the Detection of Dehumanizing Language
PRompt Optimization in Multi-Step Tasks (PROMST): Integrating Human Feedback and Preference Alignment
Pretraining Vision-Language Model for Difference Visual Question Answering in Longitudinal Chest X-rays
David helps Goliath: Inference-Time Collaboration Between Small Specialized and Large General Diffusion LMs
Vizzhy, BharatGPT to Soon Launch Healthcare LLM, VizzhyGPT
Customer Attrition: How to Define Churn When Customers Do Not Tell They're Leaving
Multi-Query Focused Disaster Summarization via Instruction-Based Prompting
Evolutionary Dynamic Optimization and Machine Learning
Using Counterfactual Tasks to Evaluate the Generality of Analogical Reasoning in Large Language Models
Large Language Models are Null-Shot Learners
Learning High-Order Relationships of Brain Regions
Long-form evaluation of model editing
DoRA: Weight-Decomposed Low-Rank Adaptation
Sequence graphs realizations and ambiguity in language models
Self-Alignment for Factuality: Mitigating Hallucinations in LLMs via Self-Evaluation
Fire ants live up to their name by invading PC and eating thermal paste, raising system temps
OpenAI reportedly has Google in its sights with a new online search product
A harsh truth about data science....
Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO): The Key to LLM Alignment
How to run R in Visual Studio Code
Amazon trains 980M parameter LLM with 'emergent abilities'
[D] Validation with small datasets
Sloan's Inbox: How to ask for a raise?
OpenAI is reportedly developing AI web search to compete with Google
AI in Medical Devices & Medicine with Mila Orlovsky
Every country needs its own AI systems, says Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang
GM is preparing for another major expansion of its hands-free Super Cruise system
A look at OpenAI's business model as the company believes it can more than double the yearly run rate by 2025; ChatGPT enterprise now has 300+ paying customers (Financial Times)
Technical or Strategy path?
Mozilla study: 90 percent of romantic AI chatbots may sell your personal data
ChatGPT will remember what you did last summer
Anvil unveils AI Webform Translations
Boost Your Efficiency with These Helpful AI Tools
Here Comes the Flood of AI-Generated Clickbait
Finding love: Would you let AI help you make the first move?
.406 Ventures secures $265M for fifth fund
Around 59% of Indian Enterprises have actively deployed AI: IBM Report
Auxilion secures  8m and launches new service management platform
Stable Cascade looks like a more efficient and higher quality successor to Stable Diffusion
Minister Backs Altman's Idea to Turn UAE into AI Testing Ground
Oppenheimer's grandson joins call for global action on AI and other existential threats
Maximizing User Engagement: Tips for App Developers
Microsoft to Invest  3.2 Billion in German AI Infrastructure
Unlocking Insights: Building a Scorecard with Logistic Regression
The epic stock rally will end badly, the AI bubble will burst, and the economy will sink, warns elite investor Jeremy Grantham
Dutch startup secures $25M to bring autonomous bricklaying robots to Europe
'Behind the times': Washington tries to catch up with AI's use in health care
Meet        Llama
How to use Google's genAI-powered note-taking app
ChatGPT's been acting weird &mdash; and it's probably our fault
Google's new AI-powered wingman highlights the challenges of using a tool that could eventually replace you
AI-powered romantic chatbots are a privacy nightmare
Edge 370: A Deep Dive Into AlphaGeometry: Google DeepMind's New Model that Solves Geometry Problems Like a Math Olympiad Gold-Medalist
Leaked Google documents detail Goose, a Gemini-based LLM designed for internal use to help employees write code faster, as part of an AI-driven efficiency push (Hugh Langley/Business Insider)
Nearly 75% Enterprises Pivoted to Text-Based Generative AI to Improve Operational Efficiency
one of the Codia AI technologies: 2023-24 Mainstream Object Detection Models
Microsoft bets big on Germany with a historic  3.2 billion AI and cloud infrastructure investment
Lenovo to unveil portfolio of AI PCs and Far Edge Computing at MWC
What's Your Story: Nicole Forsgren
NVIDIA becomes the third most valuable US company at Alphabet's expense
IT body proposes that AI pros get leashed and licensed to uphold ethics
Meet the Creator of Microsoft Phi-2
Cisco is the latest healthy tech company to cut jobs with 4,000 layoffs
AIAInow - exclusive AI live streams
A look at robots.txt, a good will-based social contract governing the behavior of web crawlers, as experts call for more rigid tools for managing AI crawlers (David Pierce/The Verge)
ECCCos from the Black Box
AI Agents can now Hack Websites
Heard on the Street   2/15/2024
AI cannot be listed as inventor, says US patent office in latest guidance
DeepMind COO on building a responsible future for AI and humanity
Contextant announces strategic partnership with SVT Robotics
Aviz unveils Networking 3.0 Stack; launches GenAI-based Network Copilot
Neo4j Is Planning IPO on Nasdaq, Largest Owner Greenbridge Says
Will Generative AI Kill DevSecOps?
Microsoft makes  3.2bn bet on Germany as Europe's AI hub
Google Opens Paris Research Hub as France Seeks Bigger AI Role
FlyteInteractive: Interactive development for machine learning models
Slack's new AI search function will dig out the important bits from your chat history
Title: Top 20 JavaScript One-Liners That Don't Actually Work
The Traps of Blindly Trusting Data: Simpson's Paradox
CodeQueries: Answering semantic queries over code
Things You Can Do with Python: Advanced and Special Use Cases
Kong's new open source AI Gateway makes building multi-LLM apps easier
20 companies hiring people with AI and analytics skills
How AI can make history
10 Datasets for Fine-Tuning Large Language Models
Lambda Hits $1.5 Billion Valuation for AI Computing
Figma to React: Enhancing UI Development with Codia AI
Armilla wants to give companies a warranty for AI
Jeffrey Katzenberg, Joe Montana Firms Back AI Marketing Startup
We tested Google's Gemini chatbot   here's how it performed
Google's new version of Gemini can handle far bigger amounts of data
These are the skills you need to work in AI and analytics
Building a PHP SDK for Replicate AI
Chinese Influence Campaign Pushes Disunity Before U.S. Election, Study Says
Despite Deepfake and Bias Risks, AI Is Still Useful in Finance, Firms Told
Large Language Models Explained in 3 Levels of Difficulty
Akto Launches World's First Proactive GenAI Security Testing
Ruby-on-Rails ERB vs HAML
Briefing: Slack treasure troves, Face swaps, Spotify components
How to Build an LLM RAG Pipeline with Upstash Vector Database
What are Python Decorators?
Torch.AI awarded New Patent for Autonomous Graph Compute Invention
Creating a GPT Assistant That Writes Pipeline Tests
Google's new Gemini model can analyze an hour-long video   but few people can use it
Meet Gemini 1.5, Google's newest AI model with major upgrades from its predecessor
[D] Positional encodings for numerical features in a transformer.
What's coming up at #AAAI2024?
Nvidia is now worth more than Alphabet and Amazon. These 4 charts show the chipmaker's surge to a $1.8 trillion valuation.
Our next-generation model: Gemini 1.5
GitHub Teams Up with Polar for Easier Open-Source Funding
2024 Layoffs and LLMs: Pivoting for Success
Val Town Newsletter 15
Google unveils Gemini 1.5 with key advantage over GPT-4
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #12
How AI copyright lawsuits could make the whole industry go extinct
Google makes more Gemini models available to developers
Bulletin is a new AI-powered news reader that tackles clickbait and summaries stories
[N] Gemini 1.5, MoE with 1M tokens of context-length
Fireflies.ai Review: The Best AI Notetaker for Meetings?
No, Sam Altman Isn't Raising Trillions of Dollars For Chips
Revolutionizing CXM with Generative AI: Insights from Everest Group's Enterprise Readiness Report
Get Started With Google Gemini Pro Using Python in 5 Minutes
Responsible technology use in the AI age
AI May Be Atrophying Our Brains, Professor Warns
Transcribe a phone call in real-time using Python with AssemblyAI and Twilio
Google Rolls Out Updated AI Model Capable of Handling Longer Text, Video
LinkedIn Open Sources Interactive Debugger for K8s AI Pipelines
AI chip tags can fight espionage from hostile states, report says
Announcing the General Availability of LangSmith and Our Series A Led By Sequoia Capital
Microsoft to pump  3.2B into German AI technologies
Gemini 1.5 is Google's next-gen AI model   and it's already almost ready
Mark Zuckerberg is risking a Steve Ballmer moment with his Apple Vision Pro takedown
Google's Flagship Gemini AI Model Gets a Major Upgrade
Nicholas Thompson: AI and Journalism
Do you need to be an expert to start a podcast?
Google's INSANE New GEMINI 1.5 Launch!!!
Fine-tuning a CRAZY Local Mistral 7B Model - Step by Step - together.ai
Self-driving cars will not solve accidents, traffic congestion or pollution issues
Taipy: Create Production Ready Apps with AI Within Minutes! (Opensource)
Create Powerful AI Editing Workflows (ML Blocks)
Jupyter Notebook Magic Methods Cheat Sheet
An integrated shuffler optimizes the privacy of personal genomic data used for machine learning
Data Kinetic introduces New Applied AI Solutions Suite for Healthcare
Google's new AI hub in Paris proves that Google feels insecure about AI
Ramprakash Ramamoorthy, Head of AI Research at ManageEngine   Interview Series
Google Gemini 1.5 Crushes ChatGPT and Claude with Largest-Ever 1 Mn Token Context Window
MIT's StreamingLLM Makes Your Chatbots Talk Better, Longer
Microsoft President Brad Smith says the company plans to invest &euro;3.2B in German AI infrastructure over the next two years, its biggest investment in Germany yet (Michael Nienaber/Bloomberg)
Some People Actually Kind of Love Deepfakes
Guardrails AI wants to crowdsource fixes for GenAI model problems
Open Data Lakes, Safeguarding Images From AI, Free Data Viz Tools, and 50% Off ODSC East
Alphabet Drops After Report OpenAI Developing Search Product
[D] Gemini 1M/10M token context window how?
How to make the most of Google Keep
Top 4 Techniques for Handling Missing Values in Machine Learning
Microsoft predicts three key AI trends for 2024
Filings: Sam Altman is the sole owner of the OpenAI Startup Fund, which reported $175M in total commitments in May 2023; Microsoft is an outside limited partner (Dan Primack/Axios)
Meta's V-JEPA is Yann LeCun's latest foray into the possible future of AI
5 Practical Ways AI Can Boost Productivity for Web Developers
Maximizing the Utility of Scarce AI Resources: A Kubernetes Approach
The Needle In a Haystack Test
Iveda opens Cairo Office and Strategic Demonstration Showcase
Three Ways to Calculate the Similarity Between Two Strings
OpenAI teases an amazing new generative video model called Sora
Google's Gemini 1.5 Pro is a new, more efficient AI model
Amazon AGI Team Say Their AI Is Showing  Emergent Abilities
AI Compute Startup Lambda Hits $1.5B Valuation After Massive $320M Raise
Nvidia's  Chat With RTX  is a ChatGPT-style app that runs on your own GPU
OpenAI's Sora Turns AI Prompts Into Photorealistic Videos
OpenAI Unveils Sora, an A.I. That Generates Eye-Popping Videos
AI Engineers: Your Definitive Career Roadmap
Top IT Skills Trends in the UK for 2024
Vapor IO and Supermicro launch Zero Gap  AI
The Rise of Sparse Mixtures of Experts: Switch Transformers
Nvidia GeForce RTX 4090 Desktop vs. Laptop GPU
OpenAI unveils its first text-to-video model, Sora, which can create up to a minute of 1080p video, as a research product for some creators and security experts (Steven Levy/Wired)
Accelerating Engineering with LLMs
Microsoft Supercharges RAG with Knowledge Graphs
Text to video is here, Hollywood is dead
OpenAI's stunning video generation debut Sora feels like a GPT-4 moment
OpenAI Wants to Eat Google Search's Lunch
OpenAI Releases Text to Video Generation Model, Sora
How do people in industry do root cause analysis when model performance degrades?
Microsoft's vision for .NET 9 development framework is all about AI and cloud
Lambda raises $320M to build a GPU Cloud for AI
MSI Afterburner drops XP support, RTSS adds Reflex support
Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran Used GPT for 'Malicious Cyber Activities', OpenAI Says
[D] OpenAI Sora Video Gen -- How??
Sora by OpenAI
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang and H.E. Omar Sultan Al Olama Discuss AI at the World Governments Summit
Structured Arrays
Google's New Gemini 1.5 Can Handle 700,000 Words at a Time
Become an Observer to Become a Good Storyteller
Indira Negi - Investing in AI hardware for health
Calculus and Control Systems
Eos: The Supercomputer Powering NVIDIA AI's Breakthroughs
Live CEOing Ep 769: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Engine Connectivity Engineering]
Manning Introduces: ScyllaDB in Action
DeepMind's New AI Beats Billion Dollar Systems - For Free!
Hypergeometric Functions: From Euler to Appell and Beyond
AI Image of Clarke Family Fools Internet Into Believing 'Cube' Mystery
Using the Wolfram Stack and LLM Tech to Combat Misinformation on the SDGs and ESG
OpenAI Hiring Detective to Find Who's Leaking Its Precious Info
OpenAI's newest model can generate videos   and they look decent
FTC Wants to Penalize Companies for Use of AI in Impersonation
OpenAI introduces Sora, its text-to-video AI model
Microsoft and Google invest in AI in Europe
OpenAI Unveils AI System to Turn Text Into Realistic Videos
Google turbocharges its genAI engine with Gemini 1.5
GenAI's Sovereignty
University of Michigan Is Selling Student Data to AI Companies
OpenAI's Video Generator Sora Is Breathtaking, Yet Terrifying
OpenAI's new Sora model can generate minute-long videos from text prompts
People are totally going to be fooled by OpenAI's new video tool 'Sora'
[D] Measuring software engineering productivity before & after incorporation of LLMs into workflows
OpenAI's Sora Turns Short Text Prompts into Photo-Realistic Video
Article: Generative AI: Shaping a New Future for Fraud Prevention
Announcing the First Speakers for the 2024 Data Engineering Summit
Sora: OpenAI launches tool that instantly creates video from text
Seven Python Projects to Elevate Your Coding Skills
This Week's Most Read: Google's Gemini Fumbles Super Bowl Performance
uv: Python packaging in Rust
Slack promises its new AI features will fix one of its most frustrating problems
Nvidia passes Google's market cap, now world's fourth most valuable company
V-JEPA: Meta's Video AI Model Learns by Watching
Using AI to develop enhanced cybersecurity measures
Scientific Journal Publishes AI-Generated Rat with Gigantic Penis In Worrying Incident
Query: A Functional Programming Construct
Matrix Computation in Wolfram Language
Visualization Overview
Sora: OpenAI's NEW Text-To-Video AI Model! Absolutely INSANE
Interactive Highlighting
Automated Planar Geometry in Wolfram Language
Machine Learning for Real-Time Hydrate Risk
OpenAI Sora - New INSANE Text to Video Model? - My Reaction
Google Launches Gemini 1.5 with ONE MILLION Token Context Window
Can someone help explain conformal predictions in simple terms?
[D] Rant/question: weird things happening with Weights and Biases sweeps
Featured Developer Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Python 3.13.0 alpha 4 is now available
'Rat Dck' Among Gibberish AI Images Published in Science Journal
How to use Copilot Pro to write, edit, and analyze your Word documents
This German nonprofit is building an open voice assistant that anyone can use
Tech Companies Bet the World is Ready for 'AI Agents'
No 'GPT' trademark for OpenAI
CIOs: Consider 3 Best Practices When Using Emerging Technology to Achieve Business Results
The US Patent and Trademark Office denies OpenAI's attempt to trademark  GPT , ruling that the term is  merely descriptive  (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
How to Use Google Gemini with Node.js
Researchers suggest historical precedent for ethical AI research
Apple Readies AI Tool to Rival Microsoft's GitHub Copilot
Sources: Apple has expanded testing of a Copilot-like tool for Xcode and is exploring AI features for productivity apps and a Spotlight search that uses LLMs (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Google debuts Gemini 1.5 Pro model in challenge to rivals
Mythbust Your Way to Modern Data Management
ChatGPT vs Gemini: Which AI Chatbot Subscription Is Right for You?
How to brief your company's Board About Generative AI With Visuals?
New machine learning method predicts future data patterns to optimize data storage
[P] Finetuning Mistral 7B to be a technical analysis guru on 3500 pages of trading commentary
The Best Clips From OpenAI's New Video Generator, So Far
Air Canada must pay damages after chatbot lies to grieving passenger about discount
Google upstages itself with Gemini 1.5 AI launch, one week after Ultra 1.0
[R] Three Decades of Activations: A Comprehensive Survey of 400 Activation Functions for Neural Networks
Scientific Article With Insane AI-Generated Images Somehow Passes Peer Review
Apple is reportedly working on AI updates to Spotlight and Xcode
OpenAI Debuts 'Insane Quality' Video Generation Model
New report sheds light on Apple's upcoming AI features that will rival Microsoft's Copilot
How to build your own Google AI Chatbot within 5 minutes?
Sources: spyware vendor Variston is closing after Google  burned  its name publicly in 2022; source: a disgruntled staffer sent its malicious code to Google (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Visual Studio adds AI-generated Git commits, previews AI chat
Google announces the AI Cyber Defense Initiative, which includes launching new AI security training and open sourcing Magika, a tool used to protect Gmail users (Davey Winder/Forbes)
So Where's That New OpenAI Board?
Google Announces Free AI Cyber Tools to Bolster Online Security
Monte Carlo Methods Decoded
Meta releases V-JEPA, an AI model that learns by predicting missing or masked parts of unlabeled video to develop a conceptual understanding of the world (Mark Sullivan/Fast Company)
OpenAI's Sora video-generating model can render video games, too
OpenAI's Sora Text-to-Video Demonstrations are Insanely Good
AI Applications: Advanced Architecture Advice (AKA AAAA!)
[P] Measuring AI's Creativity with Visual Word Puzzles
Using LangChain ReAct Agents for Answering Multi-hop Questions in RAG Systems
Transformers Pipeline: A Comprehensive Guide for NLP Tasks
Understanding the Mechanics of Neural Machine Translation
Scientists aghast at bizarre AI rat with huge genitals in peer-reviewed article
I Was Wrong. We Haven't Reached Peak AI Frenzy.
FakeNews: GAN-based generation of realistic 3D volumetric data -- A systematic review and taxonomy
[R] Self-Correcting Self-Consuming Loops for Generative Model Training
How ChatGPT (and other AI chatbots) can help you write an essay
Theoretical Guarantees for Permutation-Equivariant Quantum Neural Networks
5 Bad Habits Killing Your Potential as a Data Engineer
GeoEval: Benchmark for Evaluating LLMs and Multi-Modal Models on Geometry Problem-Solving
Are self-explanations from Large Language Models faithful?
OpenAI introduces Sora, a text-to-video generator that can create realistic 60-second clips in 1080p
6 Text-to-Video Generative AI Models
Ahead of the 2024 US election, Anthropic is testing Prompt Shield, which will redirect users asking political topics to  authoritative  sources of voting info (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
The Impact of Data Analytics Integration Mismatch on Business Technology Advancements
MasonTigers@LT-EDI-2024: An Ensemble Approach Towards Detecting Homophobia and Transphobia in Social Media Comments
Towards Enabling Cardiac Digital Twins of Myocardial Infarction Using Deep Computational Models for Inverse Inference
Network Analysis Illustrated: Metrics to Spread Public Health Information
OpenAI Launches AI Text-to-Video Generator Sora
Towards Versatile and Efficient Visual Knowledge Integration into Pre-trained Language Models with Cross-Modal Adapters
Enhancing Neural Theorem Proving through Data Augmentation and Dynamic Sampling Method
Optimization of Neural Networks with Linear Solvers
Fewer is More: Boosting LLM Reasoning with Reinforced Context Pruning
How Neara uses AI to protect utilities from extreme weather
LLMs and the Abstraction and Reasoning Corpus: Successes, Failures, and the Importance of Object-based Representations
Quantifying white matter hyperintensity and brain volumes in heterogeneous clinical and low-field portable MRI
Kong Open Sources AI Gateway for Developers to Build Multi-LLM Apps
My GPT-4 One-Prompt Python Plotly Interactive Dashboard
SwissNYF: Tool Grounded LLM Agents for Black Box Setting
Adapting Large Language Models for Document-Level Machine Translation
The Rise of Small Language Models
Presentation: Graph Learning at the Scale of Modern Data Warehouses
Meta AI introduces SPIRIT-LM: A Foundation Multimodal Language Model that Freely Mixes Text and Speech
Meta's V-JEPA Video Model Learns by Watching
Machine-learning life-cycle management using MLflow
Scout
This AI Paper from USC and Google Introduces SELF-DISCOVER: An Efficient Machine Learning Framework for Models to Self-Discover a Reasoning Structure for Any Task
Has Your Pretrained Model Improved? A Multi-head Posterior Based Approach
Anthropic takes steps to prevent election misinformation
OpenAI unveils text-to-video model and the results are astonishing. Take a look for yourself
The State of A.I., and Will Perplexity Beat Google or Destroy the Web?
Effects of diversity incentives on sample diversity and downstream model performance in LLM-based text augmentation
Zero-Shot Position Debiasing for Large Language Models
In Big Election Year, A.I.'s Architects Move Against Its Misuse
Meet MambaFormer: The Fusion of Mamba and Attention Blocks in a Hybrid AI Model for Enhanced Performance
PokeMQA: Programmable knowledge editing for Multi-hop Question Answering
NVIDIA Unveils Chat with RTX, a Locally Run AI Chatbot
Why businesses need to reinvent themselves with AI at their core
OpenAI's Sora: Bringing Imagination to Life with Text-to-Video AI
[Discussion] Status on double descent today
TSMC's AI-Fueled Rally Puts it on Cusp of Rejoining World's Top 10 Biggest Stocks
ODD: A Benchmark Dataset for the NLP-based Opioid Related Aberrant Behavior Detection
How Fractal is Leveraging Generative AI for Insurance
OpenAI unveils Sora, its first text-to-video model
[R] Video generation models as world simulators. Open AI Sora Technical Report
AI for Ecommerce: From Personalization to Prediction   Discover How Robots are Transforming Retail
How Epsilon is Navigating DE&I in Tech
Prompt Engineering For Developers: A Complete Guide!
GitHub: AI helps developers write safer code, but you need to get the basics right
Send Sam Altman random ideas for AI videos &mdash; he might make them with OpenAI's new 'Sora' tool
3 ways businesses should prepare for the AI transformation
66degrees launches expanded AI & Data Transformation service offerings
Geotab announced the launch of Ace
VFX Industry Will Make Their Own 'Sora-Like' GenAI Tools
Enhancing Large Language Model with Self-Controlled Memory Framework
CES 2024 showed that the future of cars will be defined by AI
Meet OpenMoE: A Series of Fully Open-Sourced and Reproducible Decoder-Only MoE LLMs
Novartis CEO on Acquisitions, AI, Weight-Loss Drugs
How Are Conversational and Generative AI Tools Impacting Communication?
The iPhone 16 could feature major Neural Engine upgrade for on-device generative AI tasks
Simple synthetic data reduces sycophancy in large language models
OpenAI Steals the Spotlight with Sora
Tokenization Preference for Human and ML Model: An Annotation Study
MAC-SQL: A Multi-Agent Collaborative Framework for Text-to-SQL
Generative AI Boosts Work Productivity by 70%
Microsoft says it'll throw  3.2B at AI ops in Germany
The FTC proposes new rules that would make companies liable if they  know or have reason to know  their AI tech is being used to harmfully impersonate consumers (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
Domain Generalization for Medical Image Analysis: A Survey
Anthropic's AI Chatbot Will Avoid Answering Voting Questions
OpenAI reveals Sora, a tool to make instant videos from written prompts
Simultaneous Machine Translation with Large Language Models
Apple has an Xcode plan for genAI   and that's just the beginning
Explainer: What Is a Virtual Assistant?
Masayoshi Son Seeks to Build a $100 Billion AI Chip Venture
San Francisco Giants replace Cruise self-driving car uniform patch with another GM brand
Truly Serverless Infra for AI Engineers - with Erik Bernhardsson of Modal
How to set up Python for backend development on your PC
The best AI chatbots of 2024: ChatGPT and alternatives
OpenAI, Google, Meta, TikTok, X, and others sign a voluntary accord at the Munich Security Conference to fight AI-generated deepfakes designed to mislead voters (Associated Press)
Scalability Challenges in Microservices Architecture: A DevOps Perspective
What is Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) and Why It's Not Here Yet: A Reality Check for AI Enthusiasts
Big Tech Pledges to Fight Election Deepfakes With Bland, Non-Binding Corporate Jargon
Unveiling EVA-CLIP-18B: A Leap Forward in Open-Source Vision and Multimodal AI Models
State of Video Generation
RoboTool enables creative tool use in robots
Lead times for Nvidia's AI GPUs narrow, suggesting expanded production capacity
OpenAI, Amazon, Google Agree to Fight AI Abuse in 2024 Elections
Canada's Civil Resolution Tribunal rules that Air Canada should give a passenger a retroactive discount, which was erroneously promised by the airlines' chatbot (Susan Lazaruk/Vancouver Sun)
OpenAI's Sam Altman Seeks US Blessing to Raise Billions for AI Chips
Seamless: In-Depth Walkthrough of Meta's New Open-Source Suite of Translation Models
From besting Tetris AI to epic speedruns   inside gaming's most thrilling feats
Winning in AI means mastering the new stack
GeoGPT+ Tutorial: Web-Ready Map Visuals From GIS Forest Fire Data
OpenAI collapses media reality with Sora, a photorealistic AI video generator
llmc.sh
Wall Street just can't get enough of Nvidia
Should I let go of my technical work to grow at my current company?
OpenAI's Effort to Trademark 'GPT' Crushed by Feds
Call for applications: Writing for Yoshua Bengio's Report on AI Safety
Microservices vs. Monolithic Approaches in Data
You've Taken Great Photos? They Must Be AI-Generated!
Scale, Anthropic Show Pickup in AI Venture Deals
Tech giants sign voluntary pledge to fight election-related deepfakes
OpenAI Has Us Asking: What Happened to Ethical Software Development?
[D] how good can a 7b model theoretically get?
Sam Altman wants Washington's backing for his $7 trillion AI chip venture
Tech companies sign pact to combat AI election interference
Animoca Brands' Yat Siu sees NFTs as a way to protect ownership in the age of AI
Q&A: What is the best route to fair AI systems?
Richard Branson and Oppenheimer's grandson among those warning about future AI risks
Meet Functionary: A Language Model that can Interpret and Execute Functions/Plugins
3 Most Common Problems with Small Language Models
What You Didn't Know About AI Integration for Laravel Applications
Really UK? Really?
DeepMind & Stanford U's UNFs: Advancing Weight-Space Modeling with Universal Neural Functionals
Explaining Veracity Predictions with Evidence Summarization: A Multi-Task Model Approach
Hands-On LangChain for LLMs App: Chat with Your Files
Sources: Masayoshi Son seeks up to $100B for an AI chip venture to rival Nvidia; one scenario involves $30B from SoftBank and $70B from Middle Eastern investors (Bloomberg)
how to make photos look like paintings
DEI in AI: With Great Potential Comes Great Responsibility
Sora is ChatGPT maker OpenAI's new text-to-video generator. Here's what we know about the new tool
A Practical Approach to Algorithm Efficiency
5 AI and analytics trends shaping the sci-tech sectors
Unveiling the Power of First-Order MAML Algorithm in Meta-Learning
Google AI Releases TensorFlow GNN 1.0 (TF-GNN): A Production-Tested Library for Building GNNs at Scale
Add ChatGPT to your WordPress website for $60 with this deal
OpenAI's Sora is much more than a text-to-video generator
Email: Revolut is testing a cryptocurrency exchange targeted at  advanced traders , with trading fees between 0% and 0.09%, limit and market orders, more (Oliver Knight/CoinDesk)
Universal Basic Income Has Been Tried Over and Over Again. It Works Every Time.
Would you trust an AI bot to find the fix for vulnerabilities in your code?
Ivan Crewkov CEO & Co-Founder of Buddy AI   Interview Series
'The best part of working in data and AI is the constant change'
[D] What are the most inspiring/valuable ML documentaries?
[D] Mamba model walkthrough
Air Canada must honor refund policy invented by airline's chatbot
From a Deep Learning Model to a Web Application
From game footage to great footage with computer vision and other artificial intelligence tools
Intersect 3D Rays (Closest Point)
Nvidia CEO Calls for Sovereign AI Infrastructure
Mark Zuckerberg responds to 'Apple fanboys,' says his criticism of the Vision Pro isn't the same as Steve Ballmer laughing off the iPhone
UiPath is Building Foundational Models: CEO
GenAI Show Us What's Most Important, MinIO Creator Says: Our Data
Feeling very overwhelmed with GenAI; Any suggestions for non-GenAI topics to cover in my free time?
Microsoft, OpenAI, Google and others agree to combat election-related deepfakes
LWiAI Podcast #155 - ChatGPT memory, Altman seeks trillions, Califonia AI regulation, art gen lawsuit
NVIDIA GTC 2024 Keynote Teaser
THE FUTURE of FREE AI Models Is HERE! LOCAL INSTALL in 1 CLICK!
BIGGEST AI NEWS of 2024 - Sora OpenAI - Gemini 1.5 - Nvidia AI Chat and more
New Chinese AI Chips. Can They Really Compete
The Most Insane Week of AI News So Far This Year!
Customize Mathematica Graphics Rendering with GLSL
How to Curb Filler Words
ChatGPT Memory, Nvidia's New Chatbot and More!
Mathematical Games Hosted by Ed Pegg Jr. [Episode 14: Hexagrammum Mysticum]
OpenAI's Sora Generates Photorealistic Videos
Want Gemini and ChatGPT to Write Political Campaigns? Just Gaslight Them
Now it's easier to find your Sports Analytics job in Reddit!
The More We See of OpenAI's Text-to-Video AI Sora, the Less Impressed We Are
Nvidia's Nano-X Stake Is From Biotech Deal, Not Direct Purchase
Machine Learning in Chemistry
Tech firms sign 'reasonable precautions' to stop AI-generated election chaos
OpenAI Completes Deal That Values the Company at $80 Billion
5 Best Registrars to Buy .AI Domain Names (February 2024)
Wednesday Links - Edition 2024-02-14
pyaction 4.28.0 Released
Google Says AI Will Help Defenders More Than Hackers. Here's How.
7 Trillion Reasons Why
Microsoft expands Copilot data protection so more users can chat with ease
Reddit Signs AI Content Licensing Deal Ahead of IPO
Explaining OpenAI Sora's Technology, The Vital Next Step In Machines Simulating Our World
Dems are at it again, trying to break open black-box algorithms
AI and the Future of Scientific Publishing
Sora - Full Analysis (with new details)
Gemini 1.5 Pro: Has a 1 Million Context-Window! Better Than GPT-4?
[D] GPU Server Alternatives: How to Avoid High Costs for Sporadic Use?
Real-Time Object Detection: A Comprehensive Guide to Implementing Baidu's RT-DETR with Paperspace
Emotions-in-the-loop
PII Redaction and Entity Detection In 13 New Languages
OpenAI Deal Lets Employees Sell Shares at $86 Billion Valuation
Sources: Reddit signed a deal early in 2024, worth ~$60M on an annualized basis, allowing a large unnamed AI company to train its models on Reddit's content (Amy Or/Bloomberg)
Paying people to work on open source is good actually
Dart language upgrade shines on Wasm, generative AI
Realism of OpenAI's Sora video generator raises security concerns
Do you project manage your work?
Why did you choose data science vs. some other software engineering/development discipline?
AI News Roundup: Hackers from Adversary Nations Using ChatGPT
OpenAI can't register 'GPT' as a trademark   yet
AI Investor Rush Harks Back to ZIRP Days
The Power of Geospatial Intelligence and Similarity Analysis for Data Mapping
Boring parts of design still not automated?
FTC asks normal folks if they'd like AI impersonation scam protection, too
Exploring Object Detection with R-CNN Models   A Comprehensive Beginner's Guide (Part 2)
Datasette 1.0a9
Sources: OpenAI has completed a deal that values the company at $80B or more; OpenAI would sell existing shares in a tender offer led by Thrive Capital (New York Times)
[D] Input Token size vs Context Window in LLM's
Microsoft-backed OpenAI valued at $80bn after company completes deal
Google open sources file-identifying Magika AI for malware hunters and others
Exploring the Random Library in Python
Docker GPU no Windows com WSL2
CoRover.ai is the Silent Winner of Indian LLM Race
RenderFit
Using Strings in Python
Recently was offered a job but was lowballed a bit and didn't negotiate
Creating a Better Dashboard   Myth or Reality?
Chatbots like Bard (Gemini) and ChatGPT are too nice and cautious. What do you think?
'Humanity's remaining timeline? It looks more like five years than 50': meet the neo-luddites warning of an AI apocalypse
I need a good advice
Phase 3 at Flatiron (Python)
What do Nation States mean when they say winning the AI race?
Meet TravelPlanner: A Comprehensive AI Benchmark Designed to Evaluate the Planning Abilities of Language Agents in Real-World Scenarios Across Multiple Dimensions
OpenAI is now worth 80 billion and likely made a bunch of new millionaires
In China, the RTX 2080 Ti was modified by increasing the memory to 22 GB for neural networks
A Weekend AI Project: Making a Visual Assistant for People with Vision Impairments
How I Would Learn Python in 2024 (from Zero)
Reddit signs content licensing deal with AI company ahead of IPO, Bloomberg reports
A little comic I drew during a statistics lecture for my DS masters
SoftBank's Masayoshi Son aims to raise $100 billion for a new AI chip company to rival Nvidia
Why AI in music is so late ?
Donald Trump GPTs and Tweet Generators slip through OpenAI's GPT moderation net
Women In AI: Irene Solaiman, head of global policy at Hugging Face
Air Canada Has to Honor a Refund Policy Its Chatbot Made Up
Air Canada held responsible for chatbot's misleading advice on airfares
Despite Google and OpenAI's promises, Gemini and ChatGPT appear to have almost no safeguards against creating AI disinfo for the 2024 US presidential election (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
Dev News: React 19, Bun Comes to Angular, and GitHub AI Fund
OpenAI Introduces Sora: The Future of Video Generation with AI
Amazon unveils largest text-to-speech model ever made
How Sora (actually) works
Oppenheimer's Grandson Signs Letter Saying AI Threatens  Life on Earth
Quantized Mistral 7B vs TinyLlama for Resource-Constrained Systems
Video Highlights: Data Science Trend Predictions   with Sadie St. Lawrence
Streamlining Raw HTML Display in Laravel Blade
OpenAI's quest to trademark  GPT  hits a wall at the US Patent and Trademark Office
map() in Python
AI can predict the future
Nvidia reveals its Eos supercomputer for AI processing sporting 4,608 H100 GPUs
[D] Advice Needed: Automated Processing of German Invoices with NER or Other Models
The way OpenAI countered Gemini's launch with Sora
Google Gemini 1.5 Pro Calls OpenAI Sora Generated Video Fake
This AI Paper Proposes an Interactive Agent Foundation Model that Uses a Novel Multi-Task Agent Training Paradigm for Training AI Agents Across a Wide Range of Domains, Datasets, and Tasks
OpenAI valued at $80 billion following deal that allows staff to cash out their shares, report says
Visualizing Deep Learning Annotations - Interactive Video Player
UK Chipmaker Graphcore Mulls Sale to Foreign Buyer: Telegraph
Training FlappyBird in Unity from Scratch: 10k pipes in 5 minutes!
Mark Zuckerberg won't be lining up for a brain chip like Elon Musk's Neuralink anytime soon
Reddit reportedly signed a multi-million content licensing deal with an AI company
Reddit signs $60 million annual deal for training data, capitalizing on AI boom
Major tech companies sign agreement to combat AI's use in election interference
Something Grotesque Happens With the Woman's Feet in That  Amazing  OpenAI Video
2024 elections: Tech giants form alliance against AI manipulation
OpenAI Sora's Breaks Our Brains, Vision Pro Loses Its Luster, and More Big Tech News
Airline's Chatbot Lies About Bereavement Policy After Passenger's Grandmother Dies
NASA Works to Remotely Fix Perseverance Rover on Mars
[R] GRIT (Generative Representational Instruction Tuning)
Surrendering to drones
How to weaponize LLMs to auto-hijack websites
Finding Data Science content for management and driving business outcomes.
Sources: the UK, the US, and other allies are working to provide Ukraine with thousands of new AI-enabled drones that could swarm Russian targets simultaneously (Bloomberg)
Creating Clickable SVG maps in HTML with JS
OpenAI Says Its New AI Can Simulate Worlds
Reddit has a new AI training deal to sell user content
The women in AI making a difference
Promoting Target Data in Context-aware Neural Machine Translation
Unlocking Structure Measuring: Introducing PDD, an Automatic Metric for Positional Discourse Coherence
V-JEPA: The next step toward Yann LeCun's vision of advanced machine intelligence [R]
Database Data Transformation for Data Engineers
Shadow AI: Reshaping the Future, But at What Cost?
Nomic AI Releases the First Fully Open-Source Long Context Text Embedding Model that Surpasses OpenAI Ada-002 Performance on Various Benchmarks
'Sankeying' with Plotly
How to Set up and Run a Local LLM with Ollama and Llama 2
No focus, no fights, and a bad back   16 ways technology has ruined my life
The Noonification: Shadow AI: Reshaping the Future, But at What Cost? (2/17/2024)
AI Hiring Tools Are Ignoring Qualified Candidates, Expert Says
Sam Altman just reminded everyone why OpenAI is leading the pack
An Introduction To Fine-Tuning Pre-Trained Transformers Models
OpenAI boss Sam Altman wants $7tn. For all our sakes, pray he doesn't get it | John Naughton
Air Canada ordered to pay customer who was misled by airline's chatbot
MAMBA and State Space Models explained | SSM explained
VectorShift: Easily Create Autonomous AI Agents with a Drag-and-Drop UI!
[R] Chain-of-Thought Reasoning Without Prompting
The Importance of Intentional Discard When Planning Content
The Surprising Way AI Will Make Us Value  Soft Skills
Story-fy Your Facts to Captivate Your Audience
How to code your own chatbot in Python
[D] State of how LLMs play video games
Trump's Dad Resurrected Via AI to Tell Son He's a Disgrace
Benchmark: Snowflake vs UUIDv4
OpenAI releases Sora, a credit score based dating app launches and an anti-Tesla ad comes under fire
HTML Collection VS Node List
Tough job market advice on how to proceed?
Will AI Replace Us?
SORA Video 2 Video Will Change Entire Short Content Industry - SORA Will Also Hugely Accelerate Open Source - Emad Mostaque Already Commented - How SORA Made Already Being Reverse Engineered
[D] Blatant Data Leakage and Lies In an Applied ML Paper
NovaUCD's BioSimulytics becomes 2024 EIT Awards finalist
How AI is redefining data-based roles
Google announces multi-modal Gemini 1.5 with million token context length
[D] - Prizes announcement: There are 7 books to be won in   Prediction interval competition I: Birth weight  Kaggle competion.
This tiny, tamper-proof ID tag can authenticate almost anything
Repeto.ai
Datasette 1.0a10
10 Mind-Blowing Videos Created by Sora
Robot Arm Setup Final Design
Generative AI News Rundown - ChatGPT with Memory, Bard Becomes Gemini, Hugging Face, Frame Smartglasses & More
Should I attempt to do machine learning project without business need
An interview with Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor, co-founders of conversational AI startup Sierra, on using several AI models at once, building AI agents, and more (Steven Levy/Wired)
Now You Can Run OpenAI's Whisper on Apple Watches
The Shift from Models to Compound AI Systems
Meet Hydragen: A Hardware-Aware Exact Implementation of Attention with Shared Prefixes
Fluxo de autenticao no React Native usando Expo Router
Amsterdam-based Monumental, which is developing AI-powered bricklaying robots, emerges from stealth and raised $25M co-led by Plural and Hummingbird (Can Emir/Interesting Engineering)
I know you want to build AI applications too : LangChain
[D] Self-supervised/unsupervised approaches for time series?
wddbfs   Mount a sqlite database as a filesystem
Sheriffing in Open Source
Representation Engineering: Mistral-7B on Acid
[D] What is your approach for staying up-to-date?
What would you change in your company if you were CEO?
As a Data Scientist, do you suggest vision is a good area to master amidst tech hiring slowdown?
Will AI impact the United States elections?
Data science job market in 2024 - Jay Feng - The Data Scientist Show #081
LocalGPT API: Serve Multiple Users At the Same time
LlamaIndex Webinar: Build No-Code RAG with Flowise
India's AI Moment is Finally Here | Tech Positivity | AIM | EP 10
Celebrate the 1st Anniversary of ChatGPT: Top 5 Ways AI Has Transformed Chat
Hands-on with Khan Academy's ChatGPT-powered AI tutoring bot Khanmigo, which frequently makes basic arithmetic errors, as Khan Academy works to improve accuracy (Matt Barnum/Wall Street Journal)
Filling the Gaps: Can LLMs take on the role of human experts in data analysis?
How generative AI will benefit physical industries
Advanced Retrieval-Augmented Generation: From Theory to LlamaIndex Implementation
Scene Graph Generation and its Application in Robotics
Google's AI Boss Says Scale Only Gets You So Far
Point2 Tech secures $23 Mn Series B Boost from Bosch Ventures & Molex
My Journey Learning AI for Songwriting: LSTMs and Taylor Swift
The future of AI phones? Prototype of app-free handset to be unveiled this month
SAS selects Redington as distributor in Middle East, Africa & Turkey
AUTOACT: Automatic Agent Learning from Scratch via Self-Planning
Dili wants to automate due diligence with AI
AI Meets Quantum: Leap Forward for AI Models to 'Understand'
Groq's LPU Demonstrates Remarkable Speed, Running Mixtral at Nearly 500 tok/s
OpenAI tries to trademark 'GPT'. US Patent Office says nope
Topics, Authors, and Institutions in Large Language Model Research: Trends from 17K arXiv Papers
British businesses told: Compliance with EU AI law will satisfy UK guidance
ChartCheck: Explainable Fact-Checking over Real-World Chart Images
CeADAR leads EU consortium on energy-efficient AI
Sora and the Future of Filmmaking
[D] What's been going on in RL this past year or so? Any big developments?
Tech Skill Insights
[D] Can GPT-4 really be both 16x111B and 1.8T parameters?
SoftBank Stock Rises on CEO's Plan for $100 Billion Chip Project
Reinforcement Learning 101: Building a RL Agent
Need advice on first website
Understanding Text2Video through brand new Google's Lumiere paper
RD-VIO: Robust Visual-Inertial Odometry for Mobile Augmented Reality in Dynamic Environments
This Visually-Impaired Co-Founder Duo is Challenging Disability with AI
Eliezer Yudkowsky often mentions that  we don't really know what's going on inside the AI systems . What does it mean?
OpenAI Sora Ignites Physics Debate
Forvia to Cut 10,000 Jobs to Better Compete in EV Transition
AI Startup Roundup: SoftBank raising $100 Billion to Compete Against Nvidia
Neural paraphrasing by automatically crawled and aligned sentence pairs
Any-Shift Prompting for Generalization over Distributions
DrLambda
Meta's chief AI researcher says OpenAI's  world simulator  Sora is a dead end
AIM launches the 3rd Edition of Data Engineering Summit. May 30-31, Bengaluru
Why ai.com Redirects to MKBHD YouTube's Page?
Accenture opens new generative AI studio in Dublin
SoftBank Bets $100 Bn on AI Chips, Takes Aim at NVIDIA
ML Engineering Event: Mastering AI and ML at Production Scale at apply()
NVIDIA Chat with RTX AI chatbot lauded as game-changer for Windows PCs
Do Not Create That New Report!
How to Make Money with OpenAI's Sora
Q&A with Laela Sturdy, the head of Alphabet's growth stage venture arm CapitalG, about its decision-making process, AI strategy, Stripe's valuation, and more (Connie Loizos/TechCrunch)
Google debuts first Android 15 developer preview without a single mention of AI
Accuracy Improves When Large Language Models Collaborate
The BS they tell about Data Science.
Imvizar: Dublin start-up on its way to becoming the Netflix of AR
[D] AI/ML Internships
Q-SENN: Quantized Self-Explaining Neural Networks
Why Some of Apple's Biggest Fans Are Returning Their Vision Pros
SoftBank's Masayoshi Son is reportedly seeking $100B to build a new AI chip venture
Tech investors and founders are flocking back to San Francisco, currently undergoing an AI boom, after leaving during the pandemic for Miami and other US cities (Wall Street Journal)
Feature Accentuation: Revealing 'What' Features Respond to in Natural Images
The Basics of AI Image Generation: How to create your own AI-generated image using Stable Diffusion on your local machine.
S01E02: Website, Mastodon and Event Catalogues
6 Trending Computer Vision Models on GitHub
OpenAI involved in sales talks for UK-based Nvidia competitor Graphcore
This Indian AI Startup is Bringing LLMs to Your Kitchen
Introduction to Memory Profiling in Python
Lenovo and Anaconda Announce Agreement to Accelerate AI Development and Deployment
A Roadmap For Your Data Career
Could AI personas attend your work meetings for you? One tech CEO says yes &mdash; and by the end of the year
Simulating Opinion Dynamics with Networks of LLM-based Agents
Why workers see downsides to AI
AI will let us read 'lost' ancient works in the library at Herculaneum for the first time
The AI Tech Revolution: Will AI be replacing programmers?
Lung cancer: Predicting which patients are at high risk of recurrence to improve outcomes
Combining Hierachical VAEs with LLMs for clinically meaningful timeline summarisation in social media
It seems some tech leaders are coming back to San Francisco
How To Use Microsoft Office on the Web for Free
Build Your Own RLHF LLM   Forget Human Labelers!
Text Humanizer
Ford preps for its next big fight, Waymo recalls its self-driving car software and layoffs come for another AV startup
Image Classification with Gemini Pro
A Cafe Menu
[P] Implementing Weight-Decomposed Low-Rank Adaptation (DoRA), a potential successor to LoRA, from Scratch
Tech YouTuber MKBHD Buys AI.com from Elon Musk
Any-point Trajectory Modeling for Policy Learning
Evaluating LLM Summaries using Embedding Distance with LangSmith.
PPR: Enhancing Dodging Attacks while Maintaining Impersonation Attacks on Face Recognition Systems
Elon Musk says he was offered shares in OpenAI but didn't accept them because it 'seemed unethical'
What are the best bloggers you guys follow for data science?
Last Week in AI #258: OpenAI's text-to-video model, Gemini 1.5 with >1M context length, Meta's self-supervised learning model, Chat with RT-X and more!
Women In AI: Lee Tiedrich, AI expert at the Global Partnership on AI
Prompt Engineering: An Integrated Dream
Supercharging If-Statements With Prompt Classification Using Ollama and LangChain
Tech giants promise to combat fraudulent AI content in mega elections year
Generative AI Startup Mistral Releases Free 'Open-Source' 7.3B Parameter LLM
Generative AI designs: subscribe your way to faster ROI
Ready to Dive into the Next Tech Career Wave?
Going with the flow makes AI better at solving coding problems
Quoting dang
Weekly Top Picks #63: OpenAI Edition
FLaNK Stack Weekly 19 Feb 2024
Can Machine Learning Outperform Statistical Models for Time Series Forecasting?
What We Know About OpenAI's Sora So Far
Turbocharging Document Classification with Gen AI
How Bret Taylor's new company is rethinking customer experience in the age of AI
AI has a large and growing carbon footprint, but there are potential solutions on the horizon
Some video game actors are letting AI clone their voices. They just don't want it to replace them
Optimization-based meta-learning: Using MAML with PyTorch on the MNIST dataset
I tested Meta's Code Lama with 3 AI coding challenges that ChatGPT aced - and it wasn't good
5 Free Data Visualization Tools to Showcase Your Data in 2024
Monkeying Around with Python: A Guide to Monkey Patching
How to get away with AI-generated essays | Letters
The Guardian view on political deepfakes: voters can't believe their own eyes. | Editorial
AthenaDB: Distributed Vector Database Powered by Cloudflare
Visualizing Complex-Valued Functions Using Python and Mathematica
[D] A Visual Guide to Mamba and State Space Models
Using AI-Mechanized Hyperautomation for Organizational Decision Making
Sparse Vectors in Qdrant: Pure Vector-based Hybrid Search
[R] In Search of Needles in a 10M Haystack: Recurrent Memory Finds What LLMs Miss - AIRI, Moscow, Russia 2024 - RMT 137M a fine-tuned GPT-2 with recurrent memory is able to find 85% of hidden needles in a 10M Haystack!
10 Sora and Gemini 1.5 follow-ups: code-base in context, deepfakes, pixel-peeping, inference costs, and more
Groq's AI chip turbocharges LLMs and generates text in near real-time
Here's everything you need to know about Gemini 1.5, Google's newly updated AI model that hopes to challenge OpenAI
IBM Refreshes Its Vela Research AI Supercomputer
ChatGPT Team: Introducing OpenAI's Team Productivity Booster
Mistral's next LLM could rival GPT-4, and you can try it now in chatbot arena
Experience NVIDIA cuOpt Accelerated Optimization to Boost Operational Efficiency
What do you think about Project IDX? (Google's AI powered, Cloud Based IDE)
MoE - I'm a bit confused about 'Experts' [D]
Q&A with Hugging Face Head of Global Policy Irene Solaiman, on her advice to women seeking to enter the AI field, the best way to responsibly build AI, and more (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
New app always points to the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy
Reddit signs lucrative AI content licensing deal in anticipation of IPO
Plus AI Review: The Best Free AI Presentation Maker?
Exploring AI Innovation in Singapore and Beyond with Laurence Liew
The Infrastructure behind the Outputs: Cloud and HPC Unlock the Power of AI
From Image to Design Draft and Code: Exploring How Codia AI Achieves Automatic Generation
Microsoft will invest $2.1bn in Spain to expand cloud and AI
From Goa to California: How Amey Dharwadekar is Leading Meta's Video Recommendations
UHGEval: Benchmarking the Hallucination of Chinese Large Language Models via Unconstrained Generation
How Open Source Projects Make Money
From Goa to California: How Amey Dharwadker is Leading Meta's Video Recommendations
Applying Large Language Models and Chain-of-Thought for Automatic Scoring
Q&A with Google DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis on needing more than scale to get to AGI, developing AI agents, Gemini Pro 1.5, the UK AI Safety Institute, and more (Will Knight/Wired)
Question Translation Training for Better Multilingual Reasoning
Self-Driving Startup Recogni Nabs $102 Million to Design AI Chip
TechTaka raises $9.5M for its e-commerce fulfillment service
Recogni, which designs AI chips for autonomous vehicles, raised a $102M Series C led by Celesta Capital and GreatPoint, taking its total funding to $175M (Jackie Davalos/Bloomberg)
EASYTOOL: Enhancing LLM-based Agents with Concise Tool Instruction
Inside the Funding Frenzy at Anthropic, One of A.I.'s Hottest Start-Ups
An LLM for biotech: French startup Bioptimus raises  35m seed
Beyond Reference-Based Metrics: Analyzing Behaviors of Open LLMs on Data-to-Text Generation
On Image Search in Histopathology
Samsung Semiconductor India Research to Train Youth in Karnataka in AI and IoT
How to version control Jupyter notebook?
[D] Much lower wattage if dual GPU used for training
Code Search Debiasing:Improve Search Results beyond Overall Ranking Performance
Singapore looks to accelerate AI development with investment in compute and talent
Building an Image Recognition Website with SvelteKit and TensorFlow.js
Look Who is Back: jQuery 4.0.0 is Coming to Town
[D] Paper Explained: V-JEPA: Revisiting Feature Prediction for Learning Visual Representations from Video (Video Analysis)
How do you learn about new analyses to apply to a situation?
R-Judge: Benchmarking Safety Risk Awareness for LLM Agents
Nvidia and AMD Price Cut Battle, Great GPUs Discontinued - GPU Pricing Update
Do We Need Language-Specific Fact-Checking Models? The Case of Chinese
Beyond Sparse Rewards: Enhancing Reinforcement Learning with Language Model Critique in Text Generation
LLMs as Narcissistic Evaluators: When Ego Inflates Evaluation Scores
Sequoia Capital Innovates with Open Source Fellowship for Developers
How Far Can We Extract Diverse Perspectives from Large Language Models?
Conversational SimulMT: Efficient Simultaneous Translation with Large Language Models
Tinder Expands ID Checks Amid Rise in AI Scams, Dating Crimes
[D] Will mathematicians have the upper hand in machine learning research going forward?
Could Small Language Models Serve as Recommenders? Towards Data-centric Cold-start Recommendations
Unlocking Anticipatory Text Generation: A Constrained Approach for Large Language Models Decoding
KnowGPT: Black-Box Knowledge Injection for Large Language Models
MM-LLMs: Recent Advances in MultiModal Large Language Models
Taylor Swift, the pope, Putin: in the age of AI and deepfakes, who do you trust? | Alexander Hurst
Microsoft plans to invest billions in AI infrastructure in Spain
Open the Pandora's Box of LLMs: Jailbreaking LLMs through Representation Engineering
Demystifying Instruction Mixing for Fine-tuning Large Language Models
Why I Won't Use AI while Coding?
Interpreting R: a Narrative Guide for the Perplexed
ChaCha: Leveraging Large Language Models to Prompt Children to Share Their Emotions about Personal Events
Project Vaani to English Gyani, This IISc Professor is Going Places
Compromising on your Data Stack? Solving Top Analytics Challenges
how do I politely ask the head of the department to cancel the daily meetings routine?
INTERS: Unlocking the Power of Large Language Models in Search with Instruction Tuning
RecDCL: Dual Contrastive Learning for Recommendation
Turning AI frenzy into fundraising strategy: How startups can win the 2024 investment race
SymTC: A Symbiotic Transformer-CNN Net for Instance Segmentation of Lumbar Spine MRI
How Conversational IoT Will Redefine How We Interact with Devices
ChatGPT can tailor political ads to match users' personalities
MedAgents: Large Language Models as Collaborators for Zero-shot Medical Reasoning
Caught in the Quicksand of Reasoning, Far from AGI Summit: Evaluating LLMs' Mathematical and Coding Competency through Ontology-guided Interventions
Gig worker pay on delivery apps like Uber Eats and DoorDash fell up to 15% last year
It's not just Sam Altman trying to throw money at the AI chip shortage
Corrective Retrieval Augmented Generation
PsySafe: A Comprehensive Framework for Psychological-based Attack, Defense, and Evaluation of Multi-agent System Safety
Bridging Evolutionary Algorithms and Reinforcement Learning: A Comprehensive Survey
Building a Semantic Book Search: Scale an Embedding Pipeline with Apache Spark and AWS EMR.
What is ChatGPT and why does it matter? Here's what you need to know
A Unified Approach to Emotion Detection and Task-Oriented Dialogue Modeling
An Empirical Study of In-context Learning in LLMs for Machine Translation
Applications Priorities 2024: Info-Tech Research Group
MCE: Mixed Cantonese and English Audio Dataset
Zoho Expands on Rural Vision, Opens R&D Centre in Kottarakara
Multi-modality transrectal ultrasound video classification for identification of clinically significant prostate cancer
Structure-Aware Sparse-View X-ray 3D Reconstruction
Elon Musk says Neuralink's first patient can move a computer mouse 'by just thinking'
Microsoft President Brad Smith says the company plans to invest $2.1B in Spain in the next two years to expand its AI and cloud infrastructure in the country (Reuters)
Apple's Siri Cheat Sheet: How to Use Siri for Business
New model identifies drugs that shouldn't be taken together
TAP4LLM: Table Provider on Sampling, Augmenting, and Packing Semi-structured Data for Large Language Model Reasoning
Accelerating Approximate Thompson Sampling with Underdamped Langevin Monte Carlo
Interview with Clian Ringwald: Natural language processing and knowledge graphs
Vision Pros Being Returned is Just Internet Murmur
NVIDIA AI Research Introduce OpenMathInstruct-1: A Math Instruction Tuning Dataset with 1.8M Problem-Solution Pairs
Paris-based Planity raises  45m for beauty appointment software
Masayoshi Son Wants to Turn SoftBank Into an AI Powerhouse
Neuralink's first human subject successfully controls computer mouse with thoughts following brain-chip implant
Edge 371: Two-Step LLM Reasoning with Skeleton of Thoughts
Coding is Like Cooking; ChatGPT for Coding is Like Kindle for Cooking!
Tinder plans to roll out its new ID checks in the US, the UK, Brazil, and Mexico, after tests in Australia and New Zealand, to combat AI scams and dating crimes (Antonia Mufarech/Bloomberg)
Now Open Source Projects Can Make Money
Pixxel and IIA Join Forces for Advanced Satellite Imaging
#84: OpenAI Releases Sora, Google's Surprise Launch of Gemini 1.5, and AI Rivals Band Together to Fight Deepfakes
Advanced unpacking in Python  for  loops
Retrieval Augmented Generation explained on a high-level #RAG #retrievalaugmentedgeneration
Extracting Invoice Structured Output with Haystack and Ollama Local LLM
Sorting a mix of letters and numbers in Python
The Mysterious New LLM from MISTRAL-AI
759: Full Encoder-Decoder Transformers Fully Explained   with Kirill Eremenko
LLM - Detect AI Generated Text
Strategies for an Accelerating Future
Build AI Applications With LangChain, JavaScript, and React
AI Is Coming for the Experts. First, It Needs Their Help
We Will Never Achieve AGI
Impostor syndrome - data science without a technical degree
Meet BiLLM: A Novel Post-Training Binary Quantization Method Specifically Tailored for Compressing Pre-Trained LLMs
How Anthropic raised $7.3B in the past year, including using unusual deal structures; sources say its valuation tripled to $15B and its monthly revenue hit $8M (New York Times)
How RAG makes generative AI tools even better
6 YouTube Channels to Learn about AI
Checkmate with Scale: Google DeepMind's Revolutionary Leap in Chess AI
Deploy Machine Learning Models Using the Power of Streamlit!
Fujitsu Data Science Interview and Hiring Process in 2024
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Iterative Prompt Development
AI Will Open a Pandora's Box of Escalating Privacy and Security Woes: Splunk Report
The Download: hunting for new matter, and Gary Marcus' AI critiques
SPAR: Personalized Content-Based Recommendation via Long Engagement Attention
Grounding Language about Belief in a Bayesian Theory-of-Mind
NEW TECH for SORA (OpenAI)
Subqueries in MySQL | Intermediate MySQL
How Well Can LLMs Negotiate? Stanford Researchers Developed 'NegotiationArena': A Flexible AI Framework for Evaluating and Probing the Negotiation Abilities of LLM Agents
GPU requirements
Help, My Friend Got Me a Dumb AI-Generated Present
I Spent Over 3,000 Hours Developing an AI-Powered Finance Assistant. The Good, The Bad, The Ugly, and The Now
Why The New York Times might win its copyright lawsuit against OpenAI
Adobe Acrobat adds generative AI to 'easily chat with documents'
Big Tech AI infrastructure tie-ups set for deeper scrutiny, says EU antitrust chief
From oil to pharma: How this engineer switched industries
Building Smarter, Safer Apps: Inside Salesforce's Einstein Trust Layer
This AI newsletter is all you need #87
Adobe launches AI Assistant in Acrobat in beta, to summarize PDFs, answer and recommend questions, and more, letting paying users  easily chat with documents  (Jess Weatherbed/The Verge)
Dementia can be predicted more than a decade before diagnosis with these blood proteins
Geospatial technology startup Nuview acquires Astraea to accelerate plans  years faster  than imagined
Google Renames Bard to Gemini
How Good is Google Gemini 1.5 With a Massive 1 Million Context Window?
Google AI Research Introduces Listwise Preference Optimization (LiPO) Framework: A Novel AI Approach for Aligning Language Models with Human Feedback
The 2023 State of IT Sustainability Report: OpenText
[D] Other popular/announced Diffusion Transformer products like Sora?
Don't get too excited about Google Gemini Pro 1.5's giant context window
CISOs' Most Common Concerns with Generative AI
With Sora, OpenAI Casts Shadow Over AI Video Startups
Figma Caters to Developers with Dev Mode and AI Integrations
Quoting Yishan Wong
Python in Finance: Real Time Data Streaming within Jupyter Notebook
Understanding Principal Component Analysis in PyTorch
This new AI Assistant from Adobe lets you chat with your PDFs at no additional cost
Will Smith parodies viral AI-generated video by actually eating spaghetti
A Solar Eclipse, Cancer Treatments and Robots with AI
Prospects for a (very computational) STEM PhD in FAANG?
The LLM Series #3: Multiple Function Calling: Taking OpenAI Models to the Next Level
Knowledge Series #24: How are mobile apps built?
Bioptimus raises $35 million seed round to develop AI foundational model focused on biology
How to Build: AI-powered PowerPoint App (Next.js, OpenAI & CopilotKit)
An Introduction to Air Travel Network Optimization Using Mixed Integer Programming
Navigating the Data Revolution: Exploring the Booming Trends in Data Science and Machine Learning
Understanding Ghost Attention in LLaMa 2
KNIME Works to Lower Barriers to Big Data Analytics
Animation nation: Studio Meala on life in small-town Roscommon
Reddit Signs $60 Million Deal to Scrape Your Online Community for AI Parts: Report
JSON agents with Ollama & LangChain
Microsoft Develops AI Server Gear to Lessen Reliance on Nvidia
3 Tools to Safeguard Images From AI Scraping
What is Sora? A new generative AI tool could transform video production and amplify disinformation risks
[D] Confused about different terms in Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
Wipro and IBM collaborate to propel enterprise AI
localllm and the Promise and Pitfalls of Running LLMs Locally
Using Bayesian Modeling to Predict The Champions League
Women In AI: Rashida Richardson, senior counsel at Mastercard focusing on AI and privacy
Smart glove teaches new physical skills
Transforming document understanding and insights with generative AI
I just found my new favorite AI industry (Big Opportunity)
A real plant that lights up at night  | Firefly Petunia | Genetically modified plants
Unveiling the Magic: Robots Learning & Navigating Environments like Humans
Generative AI for Healthcare - with Dr. Dan Elton of Mass General Brigham
Leading the charge on AI in National Security
Google to Introduce Gemini Enterprise and Gemini Business Plans for Workspace
Linear Regression is underrated
[D] Why does the diffuser library change the original sampling algorithm?
Let's build the GPT Tokenizer
Danny Postma, Founder of HeadshotPro   Interview Series
Exploring Gemini 1.5: How Google's Latest Multimodal AI Model Elevates the AI Landscape Beyond Its Predecessor
4 reasons why you should really use Copilot in Microsoft Edge
The Transformer Architecture From a Top View
Build a React genAI APP with Amazon Bedrock & AWS SDK
Acer's latest Swift laptops have AMD 8040 chips with Ryzen AI support
Box CEO 'insanely excited' about future of Vision Pro, work, and AI
Integration Tests with CDK and Python - is my cloud native app doing what I want?
Generative AI Chip Designer Recogni Locks Up $102M
Configuring Self-Hosted Agent and understanding pipeline styles the easiest way.
All The Terrifying AI Videos Made by OpenAI's Sora So Far
Lian Li introduces T-shaped power supply for dual-chamber PC cases
Nvidia Options Signal Nearly $200 Billion Swing After Earnings
British AI company Graphcore is trying to sell its accelerator business, perhaps to OpenAI
Daily AI Quick Links (02/20/2024)
Google plans  Gemini Business  AI for Workspace users
DataStax and LlamaIndex Partner to Make Building RAG Applications Easier than Ever for GenAI Developers
[D] Picking an ML lab as an undergraduate: big, established lab or small, focused lab?
Sam's Club CEO wants to use AI-powered cart scanners to ring you up automatically
Exploring the GPT Store: 5 Essential Facts You Must Know!
Source: Microsoft is developing a server networking card to boost perfomance of AI chips and lessen its reliance on Nvidia; Pradeep Sindhu is leading the effort (Anissa Gardizy/The Information)
Ontology Enhanced Claim Detection
How 5 trendsetters are transforming the art of data-driven customer experiences
Build an LLM-Powered Data Agent for Data Analysis
[D] Kaggle datasets vs actual tabular data - bitter realization
Prepare to be replaced by a data engineer
Nvidia Earnings Expectations and Apple Vision Pro U-Turn | Bloomberg Technology
Beginner's Guide to ML-001: Introducing the Wonderful World of Machine Learning: An Introduction
Building a Neural Network in Rust (From Scratch)
Adobe's new Acrobat genAI assistant aims to streamline reading PDFs
Bayesian Logistic Regression in Python
End-to-End Machine Learning in Azure
CEO Says Later This Year, Your AI Will Be Able to Attend Meetings For You
GPT-4V Has Directional Dyslexia
Hugging Face Debuts Open Source AI Assistant Builder
Applied Statistical Moments and Moment-Generating Functions
Air Canada chatbot error underscores AI's enterprise liability danger
Maximum Likelihood Estimation of Parameters for Random Variables
A smartphone without apps? This AI assistant aims to replace them all
Privacy For All: Mozilla's Campaign to Think Globally, Act Locally on Privacy and AI
Easy Methods for Causal Inference
OpenAI's Sora text-to-video tool's impact will be 'profound'
Meta's Aria smart glasses dataset helps shape the future of AI conversations
Reported $60M Reddit deal signed to train AI models with user data
Quantum-Enhanced AI Revolutionizes Cancer Drug Discovery: A Leap Forward with Industrial Generative AI
Personal AI - an AI platform designed to improve human cognition
Meet 'Groq,' the AI Chip That Leaves Elon Musk's Grok in the Dust
Meta AI Introduces Multi-Line AI-Assisted Code Authoring
How to Learn Causal Inference on Your Own for Free
This AI Paper Introduces the Diffusion World Model (DWM): A General Framework for Leveraging Diffusion Models as World Models in the Context of Offline Reinforcement learning
Satellites Can See Invisible Lava Flows and Active Wildires, But How? (Python)
Musk claims Neuralink patient doing OK with implant, can move mouse with brain
Groq is 10x Faster than ChatGPT and Gemini
gRPC Microservices in Go - First Chapter Summary
Introducing LlamaCloud (and LlamaParse)
Crea una aplicacin React GenAI con Amazon Bedrock y AWS SDK
All You Need to Know About Google Gemini 1.5 (Hint: It's More Important Than Sora)
Elon Musk Says Neuralink's First Patient Can Move a Computer Mouse With Their Thoughts
Inference and Quantization with Qwen1.5 LLMs on Your Computer
How Android Auto will use AI to summarize incoming text conversations
Air Canada Held Responsible for Chatbot's Hallucinations
Got data anyst job in my country's top food retailer thanks to Coursera
Orbital angular momentum-mediated machine learning for high-accuracy mode-feature encoding
Zero Knowledge Authentication
Exploring the Scaling Laws in Large Language Models For Enhanced Translation Performance
[N] Biscuit, the wandering piglet, arrived at the Zuse Research Institute and studied the graphics processor used for atomistic and molecular modeling.
Event: NVIDIA at GDC 2024
Nvidia's free tool lets you create your own chatbot right on your PC
House punts on AI with directionless new task force
Demos from AI chip maker Groq go viral after the company's inference engine shows remarkable speeds running LLMs, including with real-time conversations (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
Matplotlib: Make Your Plotting Life Easier with rcParams
SMC-NCA: Semantic-guided Multi-level Contrast for Semi-supervised Temporal Action Segmentation
Textless Low-Resource Speech-to-Speech Translation With Unit Language Models
MiLe Loss: a New Loss for Mitigating the Bias of Learning Difficulties in Generative Language Models
Improving the TENOR of Labeling: Re-evaluating Topic Models for Content Analysis
Model Editing at Scale leads to Gradual and Catastrophic Forgetting
Agent Alignment in Evolving Social Norms
AI Model Backed by Asia's Richest Person to Launch in March
DataSwitch Simplifies Data modernization with Automation
Reducing Privacy Risks in Online Self-Disclosures with Language Models
OpenAI rival Anthropic gets another $750 million injection from Menlo Ventures
MAPLE: Multilingual Evaluation of Parameter Efficient Finetuning of Large Language Models
RAGAs- How To Evaluate RAG Pipelines ChatBot
How to Create Powerful Embeddings from Your Data to Feed into Your AI
AnoMalNet: Outlier Detection based Malaria Cell Image Classification Method Leveraging Deep Autoencoder
On Context Utilization in Summarization with Large Language Models
Samsung Sells Down Entire ASML Stake to Expand in New Arenas
Hard Non-Monotonic Attention for Character-Level Transduction
Nimo Planet's Spatial Computer Brings in a Future without Laptops
Alpaca wins first Learnovate edtech accelerator in Trinity
EasyGen: Easing Multimodal Generation with a Bidirectional Conditional Diffusion Model and LLMs
EHRAgent: Code Empowers Large Language Models for Few-shot Complex Tabular Reasoning on Electronic Health Records
Assessing the Impact of Prompting Methods on ChatGPT's Mathematical Capabilities
Get Lifetime Access to 50+ AI SMEs With Consultio Pro for $29.99
AWS AI Labs Introduce CodeSage: A Bidirectional Encoder Representation Model for Source Code
A profile of ElevenLabs, whose AI voice cloning tech is being used to spoof politicians; five of ElevenLabs' 40 employees are dedicated to trust and safety (Margi Murphy/Bloomberg)
Reflection Agents
Ankura and OpenAI launch Ankura AGI
Implementation of Linked Lists in C++ and Python
Bellman Optimal Stepsize Straightening of Flow-Matching Models
Overview of Current Applications of Large Language Models in Various Medical Specialities
WisdoM: Improving Multimodal Sentiment Analysis by Fusing Contextual World Knowledge
Intuitive or Dependent? Investigating LLMs' Behavior Style to Conflicting Prompts
Generalizable Chain-of-Thought Prompting in Mixed-task Scenarios with Large Language Models
Dynamic Retrieval-Augmented Generation
Seed-Guided Fine-Grained Entity Typing in Science and Engineering Domains
DefiLlama: the total value of tokens sent to the Bitcoin DeFi market surpassed $1B; CryptoSlam: daily NFT sales volume on Bitcoin beat Ethereum in early January (Muyao Shen/Bloomberg)
Uber Eats is launching a delivery service with Cartken's sidewalk robots in Japan
Sentence Representations via Gaussian Embedding
Thinking like a Data Scientist in my job search. Making this tool public.
From Quantity to Quality: Boosting LLM Performance with Self-Guided Data Selection for Instruction Tuning
Windows 11: Copilot is gaining more Windows management options (with a catch)
PWESuite: Phonetic Word Embeddings and Tasks They Facilitate
Vision-Language Interpreter for Robot Task Planning
273 Ventures Introduces KL3M, a Family of Legal LLMs for Enterprises
In-Contextual Gender Bias Suppression for Large Language Models
Large Language Models Can Learn Temporal Reasoning
Towards Trustworthy Reranking: A Simple yet Effective Abstention Mechanism
Meta AI Releases V-JEPA: An Artificial Intelligence Method for Teaching Machines to Understand and Model the Physical World by Watching Videos
Semi-Autoregressive Streaming ASR With Label Context
Update about Job: It is still bad. Looking for New Job.
Deepfake Audio Boom Exploits One Billion-Dollar Startup's AI
Unlocking Efficiency in Large Language Model Inference: A Comprehensive Survey of Speculative Decoding
Exact Hard Monotonic Attention for Character-Level Transduction
[R] Faster LLM's from Apple
A Knowledge-enhanced Two-stage Generative Framework for Medical Dialogue Information Extraction
Estimating the Causal Effect of Early ArXiving on Paper Acceptance
A Comprehensive Evaluation of Large Language Models on Benchmark Biomedical Text Processing Tasks
Beijing-based Moonshot AI, which launched its AI chatbot Kimi Chat in October 2023, raised $1B+ led by Alibaba and HongShan, reportedly at a ~$2.5B valuation (Ben Jiang/South China Morning Post)
Eighth annual State of the Data Center industry report
HuggingFace Introduces Cosmopedia, the Largest Open Synthetic Dataset
[D] Do you recommend attending AI conferences in person?
Heuristic-Driven Link-of-Analogy Prompting: Enhancing Large Language Models for Document-Level Event Argument Extraction
This AI Paper Unveils a New Method for Statistically-Guaranteed Text Generation Using Non-Exchangeable Conformal Prediction
Deepfakes are out of control   is it too late to stop them?
AI helps boost creativity in the workplace but still can't compete with people's problem-solving skills, study finds
How long did it take to get a DS or DA job and how many applications did you send?
Adaptive Skeleton Graph Decoding
Evaluations with Chat Formats
Variator: Accelerating Pre-trained Models with Plug-and-Play Compression Modules
A Glitch in the Matrix? Locating and Detecting Language Model Grounding with Fakepedia
Python: A Guide to For and While Loops
BharatGPT Unveils Hanooman, a NewSuite of Indic Generative AI Models
Writer-Defined AI Personas for On-Demand Feedback Generation
Does Collaborative Human-LM Dialogue Generation Help Information Extraction from Human Dialogues?
Transformers Reimagined: Google DeepMind's Approach Unleashes Potential for Longer Data Processing
Unlocking Insights: Semantic Search in Jupyter Notebooks
Optimized Deployment of Mistral7B on Amazon SageMaker Real-Time Inference
Researchers increasingly view tech as having human-like qualities
Advancing Large Language Models to Capture Varied Speaking Styles and Respond Properly in Spoken Conversations
I'm a man who created a sexy female AI influencer to make extra money. It's been harder and weirder than I thought.
Why Users (Almost) Fell in Love With Vision Pro | Beyond the code | EP 14 | AIM
Tech interviewers can't tell when candidates use ChatGPT to cheat in coding rounds, experiment finds
Developing a Product Mindset in the AI-Driven Enterprise - with Jennifer Bradshaw and Arash Kamiar at NLP Logix
This Nilekani-backed NGO Aims to Make India the Global AI Use Case Capital
What is NumPy? Faster array and matrix math in Python
Adobe's new AI assistant for Acrobat and Reader can summarize PDFs and answer questions
Elevate Your Content with an Italian Text To Speech Converter AI Tool
Dr. Lorien Pratt joins Circuitry.ai as Decision Intelligence Advisor
Microsoft Copilot Pro review: Office joins the genAI revolution
Having double majors could make you less vulnerable to layoffs and AI
Groq Inference Tokenomics: Speed, But At What Cost?
Veritas Survey Finds Workers are Putting Businesses at Risk by Oversharing with GenAI Tools
Researchers from Qualcomm AI Research Introduced CodeIt: Combining Program Sampling and Hindsight Relabeling for Program Synthesis
Creating Modern Accordion Components with CSS and HTML only
AI and cleantech remain resilient in European valuations
[R] Faster LLM from Apple
Google Deepmind Raises the Bar: Gemini 1.5 Pro's Multimodal Capabilities Set New Industry Standards!
TNW Podcast: Gerard Grech on startups, governments, and academia
India's Tech Leaders Jockey For Slice of $300 Billion AI Market
Filing: Samsung sold 1.58M ASML shares, or 0.4% of ASML, worth ~$930M in September 2023, reducing its stake to zero, as Samsung looks to new areas of chipmaking (Bloomberg)
OSARO debuts AI-powered robotics for mixed-case depalletization
TextEE: Benchmark, Reevaluation, Reflections, and Future Challenges in Event Extraction
IIT Hyderabad Professor Believes Indic Data is All You Need
upGrad is Using AI to Translate Learning Materials into Indian Languages
Meet SPHINX-X: An Extensive Multimodality Large Language Model (MLLM) Series Developed Upon SPHINX
Google replaces Assistant with Gemini
Archer acquires Compliance.ai
Did Google Gemini 1.5 Really Kill RAG?
All eyes are on Nvidia in what could be the most important earnings report of the season
Saviynt adds Tomer Weingarten and Jesper Andersen to its BOD
Trump Claims Unflattering Image of Him Playing Golf Was AI-Generated
This Machine Learning Research Discusses Understanding the Reasoning Ability of Language Models from the Perspective of Reasoning Paths Aggregation
Industry Bodies Recommend Advanced US-India Cooperation To Strengthen Semiconductor Competitiveness
Meet the New Indic LLM, MahaMarathi 7B
US forms task force to explore guardrails for AI
Loora wants to leverage AI to teach English
Reading and Writing Files in Python (Text Files & CSV)
Health Care AI Startup Raises $60 Million From General Catalyst, Thrive, GV
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 12/02 to 18/02
Nvidia's High-Stakes Earnings Moment Has Entire Market on Edge
[News] Google release new and open llm model: gemma model
Google Delves Deeper Into Open Source with Launch of Gemma AI Model
[D] If a paper has no open source code available, are you allowed to implement the code for fun/practice and publish it in your own Github with appropriate citation and mention that all credit goes to the authors?
Google releases Gemma 2B and 7B, a pair of open-source AI models to let developers use the research that went into its flagship closed Gemini model more freely (Emilia David/The Verge)
NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM Revs Up Inference for Google Gemma
The best laptops for 2024
Gemma: Google Takes on Small Open Models Llama 2 and Mistral
Google introduces a lightweight open AI model called Gemma
Google Is Giving Away Some of the A.I. That Powers Chatbots
Gemma: Introducing new state-of-the-art open models
Google launches two new open LLMs
Assessing the 3 Best Generative AI Stocks to Compete with Nvidia in 2024
Artificial intelligence experts urge more deepfake 'safeguards'
Gemini: All You Need to Know about Google's Multimodal AI
Google Gemma: because Google doesn't want to give away Gemini yet
Free Amazon Courses to Learn Generative AI: For All Levels
MTU academic named member of global society for young scientists
Evaluating and Integrating ML Models // Morgan McGuire and Anish Shah // MLOps Podcast #213
Thomas Wolf (HuggingFace) - the case for open-source!
SDXL Lightning is SUPER FAST! Only 2 Steps to Render!
How Decoder-Only Transformers (like GPT) Work
Evaluating and Integrating ML Models // Morgan McGuire and Anish Shah // #213
What's behind Worldcoin's WILD rise? Connection with Sora and Sam Altman? | AI and Blockchain
Graph Theory to Harmonize Model Integration
Tech insiders and engineers say China lags behind the US in generative AI by at least one year, leading Chinese companies to rely on US models like Meta's LLaMA (New York Times)
What's new in txtai 7.0
Google introduces Gemma, a new family of state-of-the-art open LLMs
LLM Quantization Techniques- GPTQ
2024 Streaming Roadmap: Navigating the Real-Time Revolution
Build Multilingual AI Solutions with Cohere's New Aya Model
Neural networks made of light: Research team develops AI system in optical fibers
ChatGPT Went Berserk, Giving Nonsensical Responses All Night
Indeed's 10 Highest-Paid Tech Skills: Generative AI Tops the List
Julian LaNeve, CTO at Astronomer   Interview Series
US Needs More Chips Funding as AI Fuels Demand, Raimondo Says
The music labels are still suing the internet companies. That's a warning for the AI industry.
Podcast: NVIDIA and the Future of 3D Development with Aaron Luk
Google DeepMind forms a new org focused on AI safety
Ikigai Labs AI Platform now available on SAP Store
Gab's Racist AI Chatbots Have Been Instructed to Deny the Holocaust
Pulumi Templates for GenAI Stacks: Pinecone, LangChain First
ChatGPT spat out gibberish for many users overnight before OpenAI fixed it
New system combines human, artificial intelligence to improve experimentation
Researchers develop AI that can understand light in photographs
Maximizing Machine Learning: How Calibration Can Enhance Performance
[D][R] How do researchers (Masters, PhD) implement complex models? Are they gods?
Advanced RAG with graph path traversal
How Web Startup Hatch Uses AI to Create Interactive Websites
China's Rush to Dominate A.I. Comes With a Twist: It Depends on U.S. Technology
[D] Graphs + vectordbs? Need your input: Cognee.ai . AI Data Pipelines for Real-World Production (Part 4)
An AI Site Ripped Off Our Reporting About AI Ripoffs
Elden Ring's Shadow of the Erdtree DLC has a new trailer, launches in June
Microsoft plans to use Intel's 18A tech to make a forthcoming chip that Microsoft designed in-house; Microsoft recently announced two computer and AI chips (Ian King/Bloomberg)
Intel's AI Reboot Is the Future of US Chipmaking
GenAI For Tech Leaders: Q&A
Webinar: Accelerate Edge AI Development With NVIDIA Metropolis Microservices For Jetson
AI isn't driving tech layoffs &mdash; but it does make a good scapegoat
Data Management Principles Underpinning the Use of Terraform Remote Backend
How to avoid common pitfalls in time series forecasting
Chipmaker Astera Labs, which offers cloud and AI connectivity hardware, files for a US IPO, reporting 2023 revenue up 44.9% YoY to $115.8M and a $26.3M net loss (Arasu Kannagi Basil/Reuters)
Research Focus: Week of February 19, 2024
AI enables a machine to work intelligently?
Predibase Launches LoRA Land to Rival GPT-4
Empowering Large Vision Models (LVMs) in Domain-Specific Tasks through Transfer Learning
[Was suggested to post it here for more indepth asnwer] If someone can understand and implement the entire projects or something of similar complexity that Andrej Karpathy does on his YouTube channel, how industry ready are they? And how hireable are
Scientists Claim AI Breakthrough to Generate Boundless Clean Fusion Energy
Google Deepmind goes open source with Gemini-based Gemma models
Transform Your Understanding of Attention: EPFL's Cutting-Edge Research Unlocks the Secrets of Transformer Efficiency!
Limiting CPU Threads for Better Game Performance
Tinder Owner Signs ChatGPT Deal. Enjoy the AI Dating Tidal Wave
MWC Barcelona 2024 Preview: Industry Rubs Shoulders with Consumer Tech
Americans increasingly believe Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) is possible to build. They are less likely to agree an AGI should have the same rights as a human being.
Otter AI Review: Is It the Most Accurate AI Transcriber?
Why Australia's Banking Sector Should Watch CBA's 'Experiments' With AI Closely
IFS Head Sees Advanced Packaging as 'On Ramp' to Growth
Charting new paths in AI learning: How changing two variables leads to vastly different outcomes
Forecasting a target with a non-datetime index
'It's frightening': YouTubers split over OpenAI's video tool Sora
AI-Generated Propaganda Is Just as Persuasive as the Real Thing, Worrying Study Finds
The Expressive Power of GNNs   Introduction and Foundations
ChatGPT goes temporarily  insane  with unexpected outputs, spooking users
Elden Ring expansion 'Shadow of the Erdtree' arrives on June 21
Nvidia's Defining Moment: Today's Earnings Report and Future Trajectory
Build knowledge graphs with LLM-driven entity extraction
Symbol-LLM: Towards Foundational Symbol-centric Interface For Large Language Models
First Gemini, now Gemma: Google's new, open AI models target developers
[R] Simple Javascript code that could help soldiers and civilians evade drone strikes (updated for immediate combat deployment)
Google launches Gemini for Gmail, Workspace and Enterprises
LAION Presents BUD-E: An Open-Source Voice Assistant that Runs on a Gaming Laptop with Low Latency without Requiring an Internet Connection
Empowerly secures $15M for its college counseling services
GPT Model: How Does it Work?
Google Challenges Meta's Llama 2 with Lightweight Open Source LLM, Gemma
Match Group inks deal with OpenAI, says press release written by ChatGPT
DeepMind Gemini 1.5 - An AI That Remembers!
Looking for terrible AI to write a hilariously bad story as a reward to IT support for assisting me
Google Gemini AI-image generator refuses to generate images of white people and purposefully alters history to fake diversity
Copilot Chat Highlights Visual Studio 2022 17.10 Preview 1
Why are my images distorted at higher resolution? (See first comment)
Forget hallucinations, ChatGPT has developed full blown dementia
The killer app of Gemini Pro 1.5 is video
Cybersecurity and data protection: Does ChatGPT really make a difference?
Google DeepMind announces AI Safety and Alignment, an organization that includes a new team focused on AGI safety alongside existing teams working on AI safety (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Source: Magic, which recently raised $117M and says its AI coding assistant has a larger context window than rivals', may have made an AI reasoning breakthrough (The Information)
AI researchers' open letter demands action on deepfakes before they destroy democracy
[N] Language Processing Unit (LPU) makes inference of LLMs 10x faster
Giant AI generated billboard in Madrid.
Google Tells Anti-Woke Babies That Gemini's Black Vikings Missed The Mark
Nvidia Reports and Palo Alto Drops | Bloomberg Technology
Seven (More) Samurai to Take On the Magnificent Seven
Google says it's working to fix Gemini's  inaccuracies in some historical image generation depictions , after some users complained about them (Kate Irwin/PCMag)
Google Unveils Open Source Models to Rival Meta, Mistral
Hundreds of AI luminaries sign letter calling for anti-deepfake legislation
ChatGPT cranks out gibberish for hours
Use Stylometry to Identify Authors
OpenAI's new generative tool Sora could revolutionize marketing and content creation
Remembering the 2023 Data Engineering Summit in Videos
What is Reactivity?
How to run Google Gemma? (Free GPU!)
The Key to Compute Efficiency in Cross-Attention
Life in 20 years - My 2044 Predictions - AGI, Fusion, Biotech, Quantum - Milestones and Impacts!
Are you Blacker than ChatGPT? Take this quiz to find out
Cornell Researchers Introduce Graph Mamba Networks (GMNs): A General Framework for a New Class of Graph Neural Networks Based on Selective State Space Models
New research suggests artificial intelligence agents can develop trust similar to that of humans
Spotlight: HOMEE AI Delivers AI-Powered Spatial Planning to Your Living Room
Nvidia Gives Upbeat Forecast as AI Reaches 'Tipping Point'
Nvidia reports Q4 revenue up 265% YoY to $22.1B, vs. $20.62B est., Data Center revenue up 409% to $18.4B, and FY 2024 revenue up 126% to $60.9B; NVDA jumps 6%+ (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Meet Guardrails: An Open-Source Python Package for Specifying Structure and Type, Validating and Correcting the Outputs of Large Language Models (LLMs)
The top ten highest-paid tech skills can make you a lot of money - here's how much
Nvidia just proved the AI boom has room to run
Data at the center of business
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 12/02 to 18/02
Advances in private training for production on-device language models
Cybercriminals are using Meta's Llama 2 AI, according to CrowdStrike
Top Computer Vision/Video Analytics Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Disney Leans on AI in Latest Class of Startup Investments
Nvidia Earnings Show Soaring Profit and Revenue Amid AI Boom
Google stresses safety with Gemma open models
Nvidia reports enormous revenue as AI hits a tipping point
How I built NotesGPT   a full-stack AI voice note app
Google Enters the Lightweight AI Market With Gemma
Linking overlapping hospital stays
Build an LLM-Powered API Agent for Task Execution
[D] Anyone else notice a surprisingly big difference between FP32 and FP16 models?
Google apologizes for 'missing the mark' after Gemini generated racially diverse Nazis
Open Source and AI: a 2014 perspective
In-depth analysis: Automated machine learning from the perspective of bilevel optimization
[D] Twitter/X thread about OpenAI's Sora from one of the 2 authors of work  Scalable Diffusion Models with Transformers :  Here's my take on the Sora technical report, with a good dose of speculation that could be totally off. [...].  The other autho
OpenAI Sora: You Can't Believe Your Eyes Anymore
Google launches  Gemini Business  AI, adds $20 to the $6 Workspace bill
Google goes  open AI  with Gemma, a free, open-weights chatbot family
Back to Basics: How to Pick the Right AI Solution
Keeping up with ML Research: A Tool to Navigate the ML Innovation Maze
Context lengths are now longer than the number of words spoken by a person in a year.
DVD-like optical disc could store 1.6 petabits (or 200 terabytes) on 100 layers
As a new grad, is getting a masters an inevitability that I need to plan around
A Visual Guide to Mamba and State Space Models
Nvidia's sales fell 'significantly' in China &mdash; but it's still shipping chips to the country
Pentagon enlists Scale AI to help military get smarter
Exploring the Evolution of GPUs: NVIDIA Hopper vs. Ampere Architectures
Nvidia Adds UK to List of Governments Scrutinizing Its Business
Revenue Intelligence: Analysis Techniques and Best Practices
Huawei Researchers Introduce a Novel and Adaptively Adjustable Loss Function for Weak-to-Strong Supervision
Closure
CFMatch: Aligning Automated Answer Equivalence Evaluation with Expert Judgments For Open-Domain Question Answering
How Big Data Analytics in Gaming Improves Player Experience
Is narrow AI the end of public forums as we know them?
EM Stocks Rally as Asia Tech Fuels Longest Win Streak in a Year
Beyond Fidelity: Explaining Vulnerability Localization of Learning-based Detectors
Reddit reportedly signs $60 million annual training data deal with Google
A Walkthrough of 12 Exciting Features of Paperspace Gradient
Heard on the Street   2/22/2024
Antler's founder on its vertical AI bet in Southeast Asia
Does anyone know a good community supported ai voice generator?
Towards Message Brokers for Generative AI: Survey, Challenges, and Opportunities
Humanornot.so
How AI and DePIN Will Change Web3
Intel strikes major chip deal with Microsoft amid AI push
Understanding Multimodal Procedural Knowledge by Sequencing Multimodal Instructional Manuals
A profile of Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman, who might be the biggest individual funder of AI education and research, having pledged $500M+ to the effort (Miriam Gottfried/Wall Street Journal)
How HARMAN is Solving Healthcare Problems with Generative AI
Presentation: Going Beyond the Case of Black Box AutoML
Next.js 14 Booking App with Live Data Scraping using Scraping Browser
India is the Toughest Market to Crack, Says Uber CEO, signs an MoU with ONDC
Microsoft Introduces Multilingual E5 Text Embedding: A Step Towards Multilingual Processing Excellence
BE Semiconductor Rises as AI Demand Drives Earnings Rebound
Deploying LLMs Into Production Using TensorRT LLM
Reddit's licensing deal means Google's AI can soon be trained on the best humanity has to offer &mdash; completely unhinged posts
Samsung is bringing Galaxy AI features to more devices
InPars-Light: Cost-Effective Unsupervised Training of Efficient Rankers
ResearchPal
Apollo Health & Lifestyle Revamps Finance Systems with Oracle Cloud ERP
Nvidia just showed the world it's the AI king
Steps to Create a HTML Project
[D] Measuring complexity of datasets
Backed by Chinese carmaker Great Wall, Haomo raises $14M for autonomous driving tech
The Effect of Intrinsic Dataset Properties on Generalization: Unraveling Learning Differences Between Natural and Medical Images
Google to Pause Gemini Image Generation of People After Issues
QLoRA   How to Fine-Tune an LLM on a Single GPU
Researchers from UT Austin and AWS AI Introduce a Novel AI Framework 'ViGoR' that Utilizes Fine-Grained Reward Modeling to Significantly Enhance the Visual Grounding of LVLMs over Pre-Trained Baselines
Prompt engineering is a task best left to AI models
Intel launches World's First Systems Foundry designed for the AI Era
Google suspends Gemini from making AI images of people after a backlash complaining it was 'woke'
CaMML: Context-Aware Multimodal Learner for Large Models
Cloud and AI apps take center stage in .NET 9
Watch this robot as it learns to stitch up wounds
Unveiling the GaoFen-7 Building Dataset: A New Horizon in Satellite-Based Urban and Rural Building Extraction
What Bubble? Nvidia Profits Are Rising Even More Than Its Stock
Employees input sensitive data into generative AI tools despite the risks
Reparo: Loss-Resilient Generative Codec for Video Conferencing
[D] Why do researchers so rarely release training code?
Nvidia gets enormous revenue boost thanks to AI boom
Google shares 'open' Gemma AI models inspired by Gemini
XiFin appoints Erik Sallee as Chief Financial Officer
[Discussion] Deep Learning Approaches to Document Classification
Adobe Brings AI Assistant in Reader and Acrobat, 30 Years After Creating PDF
Samsung plans to roll out One UI 6.1 in  late March  for the Galaxy S23 series, Z Fold 5, Z Flip 5, and Tab 9 series, adding the full Galaxy AI suite and more (Ben Schoon/9to5Google)
Demand for Nvidia's chips is so high that Jensen Huang had to assure analysts the company is allocating them 'fairly'
Hyperscience launches Hyperscience Hyperautomation Network
Don't be Fooled by Google Gemma's 'Openness'
HowShuffleNet Is Revolutionizing Mobile Deep Learning
Meet ChemLLM: Bridging Chemistry and AI with the First Dialogue-Based Language Model
Google's AI image generator overcompensates for racial bias, leading to historical inaccuracies
Google pauses Gemini's ability to generate AI images of people after diversity errors
What comes after big data?
Are LLMs Effective Negotiators? Systematic Evaluation of the Multifaceted Capabilities of LLMs in Negotiation Dialogues
How AI health care chatbots learn from the questions of an Indian women's organization
Nvidia stock surges after blowout sales, pushing US futures sharply higher
Bridging the Preference Gap between Retrievers and LLMs
CREMA by UNC-Chapel Hill: A Modular AI Framework for Efficient Multimodal Video Reasoning
Carbon footprint of LLM fine tuning   a case study
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says supply constraints are easing 'overall'
This AI Paper from China Introduces Video-LaVIT: Unified Video-Language Pre-training with Decoupled Visual-Motional Tokenization
Why does it seem like AI progress was stagnant until ChatGPT?
A woman is marrying an AI hologram, ushering in a weird new era for human-robot relationships
Nvidia Optimism Lifts Japan, Taiwan Stock Gauges to Record Highs
Google Gemini's AI Image Generator Accused of Being 'Anti-White'
CEOs of OpenAI and Intel cite artificial intelligence's voracious appetite for processing power
Japan's Nikkei and European shares hit record highs amid AI boom
Transform Your Favorite Place or Object into a Master Password with PicKey
Unlocking the Power of Tables with Large Language Models: A Comprehensive Survey on Automating Data-Intensive Tasks
Sources: Reddit has inked a deal with Google to make its content available for training the search giant's AI models; source: the contract is worth ~$60M a year (Reuters)
Continual Learning: Methods and Application
marimo-wasm: a reactive Python notebook in the browser
Nvidia Shows AI Party Is Just Getting Started: Dan Ives
Nvidia To Top Meta Record With Nearly $250 Billion Value Jump
Eye On AI: So Much For That Funding Slowdown
Edge 372: Learn About CALM, Google DeepMind's Method to Augment LLMs with Other LLMs
Disney bets on AI with ElevenLabs and other AI startups
Google pauses AI-generated images of people after ethnicity criticism
Google Pauses Gemini's Image Generator After It Was Accused of Being Racist Against White People
The Top 13 AI-Powered CRM Platforms
The US DOJ names Princeton University professor Jonathan Mayer as its first chief AI officer, as well as chief science and technology adviser, to monitor AI (Andrew Goudsward/Reuters)
11 Learnings from Google Gemma Technical Paper
Secret mission of ISRO's Antarctic Ground Station | Story Kya hai | EP 02 | AIM
A little bit of love from the main man
How Bad is Gemma Compared to Mistral?
Business, Innovation, and Managing Life (February 21, 2024)
How Cross-Attention Works in Transformers
The AI Infrastructure Revolution: From Cloud Computing to Data Center Design
Google rows back AI-image tool after WWII gaffe
Nvidia is 'jet fuel' for the stock market, say Wall Street analysts
Churn prediction: A data imbalance issue, or something else?
EU AI law gains momentum as new European AI office gets up and running
The Revolution of Data Analytics Through IoT: A Comprehensive Overview
Xiaomi 14 Ultra combines a 1-inch camera sensor with four AI imaging models
GitHub Copilot makes insecure code even less secure, Snyk says
7 Free Kaggle Micro-Courses for Data Science Beginners
Google pauses AI tool Gemini's ability to generate images of people after historical inaccuracies
Seeking nominations for the top creative agencies harnessing generative AI
Colleges are using AI to prepare hospitality workers of the future
Google's Gemma beats Llama-2
Former OpenAI Researcher Andrej Karpathy Unveils Tokenisation Tutorial, Decodes Google's Gemma
Sloan's Inbox: How would you approach designing an authentication system from scratch?
Congratulations to the #AAAI2024 award winners
RAG vs Long Context Models [Discussion]
17 Tips to Take Your ChatGPT Prompts to the Next Level
How renaissance technologists are connecting the dots between AI and business
AI is going to need a global investment, just maybe not $7T, says OpenAI CEO Sam Altman
Arm says 'software is becoming the driver' for AVs after inking deal with Nuro
DatologyAI is building tech to automatically curate AI training data sets
Artificial investment
Nvidia's finally replacing GeForce Experience with this all-in-one 'Nvidia app'
NVIDIA is testing an app that unifies GeForce Experience and Control Panel
Finetuning LLMs for ReAct
Language Modeling From Scratch   Deep Dive Into Activations, Gradients and BatchNormalization
Machine Learning and Operations Research for Optimizing Assortment Size
Navigating Data Science Jobs in 2024: Roles, Teams, and Skills
Markdown to HTML Converter - SopKit
Stability AI releases a preview of Stable Diffusion 3.0, its next flagship text-to-image model, aiming to offer improved image quality and better performance (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
LLM (w/ RAG) need a new Logic Layer (Stanford)
Did Google just beat Meta at Open-source AI? | Gemma | LLMs | Developers
Briefing: Google Docs' new rival, Tinder's ID boost, goodbye Apple web apps
Deepfakes in South Africa: protecting your image online is the key to fighting them
[D] How often is results (or data) manipulated in research papers?
Google pledges to fix Gemini's inaccurate and biased image generation
Google Unveils Open-Sources Gemma Generative AI Models as Lightweight Gemini Alternative
Generative AI's Impact on Healthcare
Intel will make chips for Microsoft
Women in AI: Krystal Kauffman, research fellow at the Distributed AI Research Institute
Podcast: Generally AI Episode 5: Making Waves
Stability AI's Stable Diffusion 3 preview boasts superior image and text generation capabilities
5 Airflow Alternatives for Data Orchestration
Five Charts Show How Every Market Is Hanging on AI Craze
How Generative AI is Transforming Healthcare
A riddle that 99% of large language models get wrong
World's first real-time wearable human emotion recognition technology developed
[D] Why are Byte Pair Encoding tokenizers preferred over character level ones in LLMs?
Google's Bet on Synthetic Data; AI Copilots Reach Finance; Another Nvidia Blowout
Exploring the use of silicon microresonators for artificial neural networks
Nvidia's Surge Puts CEO Jensen Huang on Cusp of Cracking World's 20 Richest
Nvidia app launches in beta: Nvidia's new GPU control panel is much faster, no log in required
Samsung Bringing Galaxy AI to Older Devices and Launching Galaxy Book4 in the US
one of the Codia AI Design technologies: Font Restoration Technology
[D] Are there any cloud GPUs billed on compute/utilization instead of uptime?
GoTo introduces GoPilot for GoTo Resolve
10 Best CRM Software Platforms
New study finds that AI significantly improves colonoscopy efficacy, with 40% more polyps detected
Analysis: at 2023's end, 48% of the top news websites in the US, the UK, and eight others had blocked OpenAI's crawler and 24% had blocked Google's AI crawler (Dr Richard Fletcher/Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism)
Nvidia reports massive revenue spike amid global AI boom
Google ships it: Gemma open LLMs and Gemini backlash
Google Chrome's new AI can finish your sentences for you
Rabbit's Jesse Lyu hops into StrictlyVC LA on February 29
Forrester's State of AI Report Suggests a Wave of Disruption Is Coming
Guardrails   A New Python Package for Correcting Outputs of LLMs
Disney Hoping AI Can Help Match Commercials With Content
Chrome's New Right-Click for AI Tool Will Fill the Web With Robot Writing
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #13
Chrome gets a built-in AI writing tool powered by Gemini
Chrome now has a new AI writing tool to help you write almost anything online
SynaXG Unveils New O-RAN and AI Solutions at MWC Barcelona 2024
Education beyond a Masters, is it necessary?
How AI Will Change Our Relationship With Computers
Microsoft releases its internal generative AI red teaming tool to the public
LLMs on DO+PS Multinode H100s: Pretraining and Finetuning MosaicML Models
[D] MetaGPT grossly misreported baseline numbers and got an ICLR Oral!
Stable Diffusion's 3.0 update (almost) perfects typography in its images
AI-Driven Solutions to Battle Spear Phishing Attacks
Alphabet's Verily Founder Andy Conrad Departs for VC Firm S32
Quantum-Enhanced Generative AI Creates Viable Cancer Drug Candidates
Google's hidden AI diversity prompts lead to outcry over historically inaccurate images
NVIDIA Launches RTX, Personalized GPT Models
Making Sense of Sam Altman's $7 Trillion AI Chips Gambit
The Limits of Retrieval Augmentation, 8 AI Research Labs Worth Exploring, and Supercharging LLMs.
Chrome's latest experimental AI feature can help you write
Reddit Inks $60 Million-a-Year Deal To Train Google AI Ahead of Expected IPO | Report
Google's Gemini for Workspace expands genAI access to SMBs
How AI can benefit the development of cloud platforms
Google Shuts Down AI Image Generator After It Made  Racially Diverse Nazis
Google cut a deal with Reddit for AI training data
Rohan Malhotra, Founder & CEO of Roadzen   Interview Series
Disturbing AI Images of Children Found for Sale on Shutterstock
Why you should be concerned about ChatGPT's weird behavior
Ultra-fast generative visual intelligence model creates images in just 2 seconds
University of Pennsylvania Launches AI Undergraduate Degree
The Justice Department gets a chief AI officer
A Bold Call from OpenAI, Safety Crusaders: Limit Compute
Your Predictions Questions Answered: Leveraging GenAI Successfully
OLMo: Enhancing the Science of Language Models
Overcoming the Financial Breaking Point: How Businesses Can Overcome Data Cost Anxiety
BUD-E: An Open-Source Voice Assistant by LAION that Runs on a Laptop
Stable Diffusion 3 arrives to solidify early lead in AI imagery against Sora and Gemini
OpenAI Introduces Sora: A New Text to Video Model
Microsoft plans  2B investment in AI and cloud infrastructure in Spain
The Pillars of Responsible AI: Navigating Ethical Frameworks and Accountability in an AI-Driven World
Introduction for Forward DID: A New Causal Inference Estimator
Cathie Wood Can Only Watch as Nvidia Rides AI Wave She Foresaw
Benchmarking NVIDIA Spectrum-X for AI Network Performance, Now Available from Supermicro
4 Mistakes That Will Separate You From a Pro Data Scientist
The 'Magic' Breakthrough That Got Friedman and Gross to Bet $100 Million on a Coding Startup
Enhance Immersive Experiences with the New Varjo XR-4 Series Headsets, Powered by NVIDIA
Google strikes a deal with Reddit, reportedly for $60M/year, giving Google access to the Reddit Data API to surface more Reddit content and train AI models (Abner Li/9to5Google)
ON1 NoNoise AI 2024 Aims to Rescue Your Noisiest Images
Google's 'Woke' Image Generator Shows the Limitations of AI
Google's Gemini Has Trouble Drawing White People
Master thesis mistake [D]
Unlocking the Future of Mathematics with AI: Meet InternLM-Math, the Groundbreaking Language Model for Advanced Math Reasoning and Problem-Solving
Google Chatbot's A.I. Images Put People of Color in Nazi-Era Uniforms
VideoPrism: A foundational visual encoder for video understanding
JPMorgan Traders See Nvidia as 'Catalyst' to Revive Stock Rally
Gab launched 91 chatbots over the last month, including AI versions of Hitler and Trump, several of which deny the Holocaust, call climate change a scam, more (David Gilbert/Wired)
Up Your Machine Learning Game With These ODSC East 2024 Sessions
Reddit is licensing its content to Google to help train its AI models
How to Forecast Time Series Data using any Supervised Learning Model
Turn Text Into Structured Data Using JavaScript & OpenAI's GPT
GPT-4 developer tool can hack websites without human help
Meet Nvidia cofounder Jensen Huang, whose fortune just shot up almost $9 billion
Why Google just banned Gemini from generating images of people
Aerospace engineer explains why AI can't replace air traffic controllers
Google is killing Gmail's basic HTML view (but not Gmail) in 2024
Nvidia Surges and Reddit Gears Up for IPO | Bloomberg Technology
Q&A: ChatGPT acts more altruistically, cooperatively than humans
Stable Diffusion 3 rolls out in early preview - here's how to access it
Geoff Hinton: Russia and US Under Trump Can Let AI 'Go Too Far'
Hosting Hugging Face Models on Amazon SageMaker
2030 and AI
[D] Why are there so few research divisions of top companies in Spain?
Stability announces Stable Diffusion 3, a next-gen AI image generator
Adobe unveils new AI-powered audio features in Premiere Pro
ActiveRAG: Revealing the Treasures of Knowledge via Active Learning
Nvidia's new app doesn't require you to log in to update your GPU driver
How do you know that an LLM-generated response is factually correct?
OpenAI's Altman Listed as Major Reddit Shareholder in IPO Filing
FTX Cash Pile of $6.4 Billion Set to Jump With Sale of AI Stake
Complete Your Data Science Tasks Fast Like a Pro
Google pauses Gemini's ability to generate people after overcorrecting for diversity in historical images
I confused Google's most advanced AI - but don't laugh because programming is hard
Compared Stable Diffusion 3 with Dall-E3 and Results Are Mind Blowing - Prompt Following of SD3 is Next Level
ChatGrid: A new generative AI tool for power grid visualization
Intel's CEO Says AI Is the Key to the Company's Comeback
Tinder Signs Deal to License ChatGPT
Why ChatGPT answered queries in gibberish on Tuesday
Emergence of machine language: Towards symbolic intelligence with neural networks
Reddit says it's made $203M so far licensing its data
Nvidia Pumps Option Bets in Chipmakers as Tech Extends Rally
ChatGPT's New Memory Isn't What You Think
Masking in Encoder-Decoder Architecture
10 Things About OpenAI SORA You Probably Missed
Why Nvidia's Earnings Show AI is Still Just Beginning
OpenAI's Video-Generating AI Is  Doomed to Failure,  Says Meta's Top AI Scientist
LLM Agents and Evaluation: An Interview With Graham Neubig
How often to retrain the time series forecasting model?
Stable Diffusion 3 is a new AI image generator that won't mess up text in pictures, its makers claim
Reddit signs AI training deal with Google   and why OpenAI's Altman could be the winner
JavaScript Bloat in 2024
Featured Researcher and Educator Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Okay, Color Spaces
Reddit inks deal with Google allowing AI models to train on users' posts
The Rising Importance of Orchestration in Gen AI Development
AI deepfakes come of age as billions prepare to vote in a bumper year of elections
How to Use Loops in Python
Google employees are posting internal memes poking fun at how many AI models and names the company launched
Windows is getting its own Magic Eraser to AI-modify your photos
Google sends Gemini AI back to engineering to adjust its White balance
This Week's Most Read: Can Quantum Help AI Understand?
Intuitive Machines Have Successfully Landed On The Moon LUNR
Do you guys ever feel like your stakeholders view you as magicians?
Reddit Trumpets Revenue Source Besides Ads: Lucrative AI Deals
Handling Exceptions in Python
Humane's AI Pin is slightly delayed, now comes with months of free service
GM's Cruise Prepares to Resume Robotaxi Testing After Suspension
How to scrape a website with Python (Beginner tutorial)
Microsoft announces Generative Erase for the Photos app on Windows 10 and higher, which will allow users to remove objects and people from images using AI (Sean Hollister/The Verge)
Nvidia H100: This Is the Chip Behind AI's Supersonic Stock Rally
Stability AI Preview Next-Gen AI Image Generator Stable Diffusion 3
SEALSQ Post-Quantum Semiconductors to bridge the AI divide
Nvidia Set to Top $2 Trillion Valuation in First for Chipmakers
Grey Wolf Optimizer   How it can be used with Computer Vision
Socure honored with SLEDie Award for Industry Leadership
Future Human podcast: How will we balance the good and the bad of AI?
Esri India to Train 100K Students in Geospatial Technology for Free
Prosimo introduces AI Suite for Multi-Cloud Networking
Hazelcast announced record results for 2023
Podcast: Exploring the Impact of Generative AI on Software Engineering and Career Paths
Hammerspace unveils the fastest file system in the world
Oracle's generative AI strategy
This Machine Learning Research Unveils Cutting-Edge Techniques for Cost-Effective Large Language Model Training
Microsoft is giving Windows Photos a boost with a generative AI-powered eraser
Intel's Revival Hinges on Nvidia, AMD Extending a Helping Hand
LAVE: LLM-Powered Agent Assistance and Language Augmentation for Video Editing
Stable Diffusion 3.0 has announced: 3 highlights of this new version
Boost Your Content With a Lifetime of Exciting Visuals for Only $100
Some Gen Z workers are turning to AI for career advice and it's actually not a bad idea
Using GenAI to improve developer experience on AWS
Oracle's GenAI-Powered HCM Makes Life 'Easy' for Employees & HR Professionals
This Week in Python (February 23, 2024)
IODeep: an IOD for the introduction of deep learning in the DICOM standard
Smart gloves could use haptic feedback to teach physical skills
EfficientViT-SAM: A New Family of Accelerated Segment Anything Models
How ChatGPT can help you build a website
Armenia's 10web brings AI website-building to WordPress
TREC iKAT 2023: The Interactive Knowledge Assistance Track Overview
Having a hard time to make my next move...
A US judge says FTX can sell its Anthropic shares after FTX reached a compromise with its customers opposing the sale; FTX invested $500M in Anthropic in 2021 (Dietrich Knauth/Reuters)
Neuralink faced many challenges in its bid to implant humans with brain chips. Here are the key takeaways.
The highest-paid IT skills   and why you need them on your resume
There's No AI Without Nvidia. Meet the CEO Powering the Future
When cloud AI lands you in court
What is deep learning? Everything you need to know
Tyler Perry halts $800m studio expansion after being shocked by AI
The Future of Computing: Harnessing Molecules for Sustainable Data Management
DiLu: A Knowledge-Driven Approach to Autonomous Driving with Large Language Models
Object Detection Gets a New Upgrade with YOLO v9
[D] Why is everybody surprised that Mamba got rejected from ICLR? Am I missing something?
Top 11 AI Call Center Software for 2024
Tabnine announced new product capabilities
Google DeepMind C.E.O. Demis Hassabis on the Path From Chatbots to A.G.I.
Nvidia Frenzy Widens Gap Between US Chipmakers and Asian Peers
Indian IT Minister Says Google Gemini Violates Indian IT Laws
Cascaded multitask U-Net using topological loss for vessel segmentation and centerline extraction
Nvidia faces potential shortage of next-gen Blackwell GPUs amid high demand
[D] Are IPUs still a thing?
NVIDIA AI-powered exceptional performance garners influencers praise
Decoding AI Reasoning: A Deep Dive into the Impact of Premise Ordering on Large Language Models from Google DeepMind and Stanford Researchers
Why is Figma better for developers?
Amazon Warns Employees Not to Use Generative AI Tools
MindfulDiary: Harnessing Large Language Model to Support Psychiatric Patients' Journaling
How to prepare myself for next role as NLP Engineer/DS?
How T-Hub is Scripting AI and Semiconductor Startup Success Stories
Compressing Deep Image Super-resolution Models
This AI app will soon screen for type 2 diabetes using just a 6-10 second voice clip
Syllable recognized as a 2024 Top Company in Digital Front Door
Are you ready to back up your AI chatbot's promises? You'd better be
Harnessing the Capabilities of Gen AI for Unprecedented Impact and Effortless Integration
Nvidia's stellar performance propels CEO Jensen Huang to 21st spot on global rich list
Brave Browser 1.63 launches with vertical tabs on right support and more AI
Guest Post: LoRA Land: 25 Fine-Tuned Mistral-7b LLMs that Rival or Outperform GPT-4
Nvidia Stock Surge Causes $3 Billion Loss for Short Sellers
Reddit aims to ride the AI wave by going public
Training dynamic models using early exits for automatic speech recognition on resource-constrained devices
I have the choice between 2 internships : software engineering vs recommendation system deployment. Which one should I pick ?
AI Opportunities for Life Sciences R&D - with Andrew Bolt of Deloitte
How to make LLMs Useless!
760: Humans Love AI-Crafted Beer   with Jon Krohn (@JonKrohnLearns)
Claims and Underwriting Trends in Personalized Insurance with AI - with Kelly Cusick and Michael Cline of Deloitte
Few shot clinical entity recognition in three languages: Masked language models outperform LLM prompting
What's the point of Elon Musk's AI company?
Top 11 AI-Powered Image Generators in 2024
Top 5+ Best Free AI Humanizers to Humanize AI Texts in 2024
Mark Zuckerberg is sitting on a huge stockpile of AI chips as companies compete for limited supplies
Google Chrome's New 'Help Me Write' Tool Adapts Suggestions to Website Context
Stable Diffusion 3 is here!
Short-seller Jim Chanos warns Nvidia's epic growth is cannibalizing Big Tech &mdash; as the chip titan's value surges by $1 trillion in 4 months
3 Inspirational Stories of Leaders in AI
AI Is in the Midst of a Fever Dream and It's Only Getting Worse
What is Jumpcloud's Co-founder Doing in HSR Layout, Bengaluru?
Tinder Will Require Video Selfies Amid Rise of AI Images on Dating Apps
NVIDIA's Financial Triumph: Record-Breaking Earnings and Market Domination
Microsoft adds more AI to Photos in Windows 10 and 11
Why Python and SQL are Must-Have Skills for Marketing Analysts in the Age of Big Data
ISC2 Research: Most Cybersecurity Professionals Expect AI to Impact Their Jobs
Google just can't seem to catch a break
My Quest to Fix a Crashing Roku App Provides a Warning About AI
US Department of Justice appoints first Chief AI Officer
Gemma: Small, Powerful, and Redefining Open Source AI Ethics
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of February 23rd
The Hottest Commodity in AI Is Now Easier to Find
The AIs are officially out of control
Free Mastery Course: Become a Large Language Model Expert
Everything You Need to Know About MLOps: A KDnuggets Tech Brief
Wall Street is loving AI while Big Tech is warning employees about how they use it
From Supervised Fine-Tuning to Online Feedback
Breaking Barriers in Language Understanding: How Microsoft AI's LongRoPE Extends Large Language Models to a 2048k Token Context Window
CMOs: Advancing From GenAI Pilots to Proficiency Doesn't Come Easy
Match Group's deal with OpenAI is just business with AI glitter on top
Microsoft releases PyRIT, a tool its AI Red Team has been using to check for risks in its generative AI systems like Copilot, to the public (Sabrina Ortiz/ZDNet)
10 Best Prompt Engineering Courses
[R]  Generative Models: What do they know? Do they know things? Let's find out! . Quote from paper:  Our findings reveal that all types of the generative models we study contain rich information about scene intrinsics [normals, depth, albedo, and sha
Microsoft's Photos app gains AI object removal on Windows 11/10
[Week of 2/19] LangChain Release Notes
DoorDash Data Scientist Role
PGlite
Nvidia is building  AI factories  and its next-generation Blackwell GPU is designed to scale AI.
AI's latest trick: Better KPIs for measuring business success
[D] Mamba: The Easy Way
Do you know any other university in EU where you can study Computational linguistics/ NLP/ cognitive science-AI with linguistics?
Bloom Filters, explained by Sam Rose
Rethinking AI: Solutions for Logical Reasoning?
Twitter making me tear up over here
Recap: R Validation Hub Community Meeting
Make an Impact Through Volunteering Open Source Work - Sara EL-ATEIF
Reaction Video - The 'Woke' Google Gemini? | Episode 15 | AIM
Clustering with Scikit-Learn: a Gentle Introduction
Why I Decided to Build Multiwoven: an Open-source Reverse ETL
Nvidia Releases New Exclusive Chatbot
5 reasons why SORA is the future of video creation | Text-to-Video | AI | Content Creation  #shorts
Nvidia's role in the AI wave has made it a $2 trillion company
Serco ordered to stop using facial recognition technology to monitor staff
Nvidia hits $2T in market value, after adding $277B to its market value on Thursday, Wall Street's largest one-day gain on record (Aditya Soni/Reuters)
Why has Nvidia driven stock markets to record highs?
Diversifying data to beat bias
Windows Photos Now Has Generative Erase and More AI Tools
How to Use Predictive Analytics to Boost Employee Engagement
#AAAI2024 in tweets: part one
Voiceitt launches speech recognition in Australia with Superyou Tech
Mutale Nkonde's nonprofit is working to make AI less biased
US chipmaker Nvidia scales $2tn amid artificial intelligence boom
Nvidia stock surge pushes AI titan past US$2T in market value. What's happening?
Stability AI previews Stable Diffusion 3 text-to-image model
Q&A with Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang about plans for a new type of data center dubbed an  AI factory , foundational robotics, the Mellanox acquisition, and more (Lauren Goode/Wired)
[D] ICLR Plot Twists
Attention, Distillation, and Tabularization: Towards Practical Neural Network-Based Prefetching
AI chip sales are driving stock markets to new records
Tyler Perry puts $800 million studio expansion on hold because of OpenAI's Sora
The Ultimate Insiders' Guide to AI: How Founders, Investors and Executives Really Use the Technology
Quantum-Inspired Machine Learning for Molecular Docking
Event: Cybersecurity Developer Day at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Does Offering ChatGPT a Tip Cause it to Generate Better Text? An Analysis
Intel confirms iGPU details & process nodes for Arrow Lake & Lunar Lake
[R] LongRoPE: Extending LLM Context Window Beyond 2 Million Tokens - Microsoft 2024
Leveraging GenAI and LLMs in Financial Services
Apple gets smart about tech support and genAI
Self-Imagine: Effective Unimodal Reasoning with Multimodal Models using Self-Imagination
Stable Diffusion 3: More Realistic, Better Speller
FREE AI WEBINAR: Managing Hallucinations in Your LLM Apps (Date: February 26, 2024 | 10:00am - 11:00am PST)
How To Run ANY LLM Using Cloud GPU and TextGen WebUI Easily!
Lucjan Suski, Co-Founder & CEO of Surfer   Interview Series
University of Michigan is Developing an AI Coaching Bot For Students
A novel deep learning modeling approach guided by mesoscience
Guiding Instruction-Based Image Editing via Multimodal Large Language Models
Microsoft Offers AI Security Tester for Gen AI Models - for Free
Students use calculators to do math. Let them use ChatGPT to write.
Selling out  to be a Business Analyst
AI is having a 1995 moment
New Utterance Controls for Real-Time Transcription
Reddit cashes in on AI gold rush with $203M in LLM training license fees
What is the 'New Normal' for 2024
[R] Beyond A*: Better Planning with Transformers via Search Dynamics Bootstrapping - Meta 2024 - Searchformer - Significantly outperforms baselines that predict the optimal plan directly with a 5-10 smaller model size and a 10 smaller training data
Nvidia names next-gen superchip after computer science legend Grace Hopper
Bezos, Nvidia Join OpenAI in Funding Humanoid Robot Startup
OpenAi secret you should know
Enhance OpenAI Embeddings with Qdrant's Binary Quantization
Humane pushes Ai Pin ship date to mid-April
Nvidia Tops $2T and Reddit Files for IPO | Bloomberg Technology
[R] OpenCodeInterpreter: Integrating Code Generation with Execution and Refinement - 2024 - HumanEval of 92.7! GPT-4 CodeInterpreter has only 88.0!
Humane postpones the delivery of its Ai Pin for  priority access  customers from March to  mid-April  (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
2024 IPO Dreams, Apple's Sports Game and Reddit's Biz Gamble
Google says its AI image generator overcompensated for potential racial bias
AI fake news site claims the US is sending bioweapon camels to China
'We want our AI and we want it now' say software buyers
AI could help soften cloud sticker shock - or make things worse
I built an LLM agent that crawls documentation websites, so you don't have to
Virtual Staging AI helps Realtors digitally furnish rooms within seconds
Google explains Gemini's 'embarrassing' AI pictures of diverse Nazis
Automated Acceptance Tests with ScalaTest
Charting New Frontiers: Stanford University's Pioneering Study on Geographic Bias in AI
Instant evolution: If AI can design a robot in 26 seconds, what else can it do?
Spurious Correlations: The Comedy and Drama of Statistics
Editing Text in Images with AI
Meet Google Deepmind's ReadAgent: Bridging the Gap Between AI and Human-Like Reading of Vast Documents!
Arc browser's new AI-powered 'pinch-to-summarize' feature is clever, but often misses the mark
Treating a chatbot nicely might boost its performance   here's why
AI in Crime-Fighting: DOJ Launches Justice AI
Gemini for Google Workspace Plays The Long Game
Apple tests internal ChatGPT-like AI tool for customer support
AI News Roundup: Mistral's Open Source AI Models Heading to AWS
Explainer: What Is Energy Efficiency?
Evaluating Retriever for Enterprise-Grade RAG
Google Apologizes for Hurting White Peoples' Feelings
Intel's Gelsinger, OpenAI's Altman Augur the Future of GenAI
Google to Train AI Models on Reddit Posts. What Could Go Wrong?
'Embarrassing and wrong': Google admits it lost control of image-generating AI
Constraint-based Design
Stable Diffusion 3
The Browser company's Arc launches an AI-powered  pinch-to-summarize  feature in its Arc Search app that shows a neatly formatted summary with main points (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
[D] Modern Dimensionality Reduction
ChatGPT, make Terminator 2 medieval.
TinyLlama: Exploring the Small Yet Powerful Language Model's Gradio Demo with Paperspace
AI comes for jobs at studio of American filmmaker Tyler Perry
Sources: Jeff Bezos is investing $100M, Microsoft is investing $95M, and Nvidia $50M in humanoid robot startup Figure's ~$675M funding round at a ~$2B valuation (Bloomberg)
Modeling Dependent Random Variables Using Markov Chains
Introduction to Python Programming - Classes
Google Gemini Anti-Whiteness Disaster Is a Cautionary Tale About... Gaming?
Introduction to Python Programming - Errors and Exceptions
Nvidia's Good Fortune Isn't Good for Everyone Else
Google AI is searching the world for methane leaks from space
Understanding Direct Preference Optimization
Beyond RAG: Network Analysis through LLMs for Knowledge Extraction
Why use Data Augmentation?
Meet the magician who says he created a deepfake Biden robocall with AI
Deepfake porn is a huge problem &mdash; here are some of the tools that could help stop it
How to Write Clean Code in Python
Python: How to Work with Basic Exception Handling
Dubai's Golden Visas Are Helping City Defy Global Office Slump
Designing and Deploying a Machine Learning Python Application (Part 2)
[D] When writing ML software - how do you use TDD?
This AI Paper Unveils REVEAL: A Groundbreaking Dataset for Benchmarking the Verification of Complex Reasoning in Language Models
The Parallels of Generative AI
AI Powered Tool
A Guide on Estimating Long-Term Effects in A/B Tests
Classification of large numbers of classes.
[R] LoRA+: Efficient Low Rank Adaptation of Large Models
How Google DeepMind's AI Bypasses Traditional Limits: The Power of Chain-of-Thought Decoding Explained!
Google Introduces Firestore Multiple Databases
golang vs python syntax
Meet GeneGPT: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method for Teaching LLMs to Use the Web APIs of the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) for Answering Genomics Questions
Instead of taking your job, AI might be more like the best intern ever
Figure AI's humanoid robots attract funding from Microsoft, Nvidia, OpenAI, and Jeff Bezos
This Machine Learning Research from Yale and Google AI Introduce SubGen: An Efficient Key-Value Cache Compression Algorithm via Stream Clustering
Any *free* AI that work like chatGPT except with images?
Arizona State University Researchers -ECLIPSE: A Novel Diffusion-Free Methodology for Personalized Text-to-Image (T2I) Applications
Jeff Bezos and Nvidia join OpenAI and Microsoft in backing Figure AI, a startup developing humanoid robots, in $675 million funding round
NVIDIA is Officially the Giant of Generative AI
Toggle: Colorful
Google explains why Gemini's image generation feature overcorrected for diversity
Video Highlights: How to Integrate Generative AI Into Your Business   with Piotr Grudzie
This AI Paper Explains the Effect of Data Augmentation on Deep-Learning-based Segmentation of Long-Axis Cine-MRI
How to make self-hosted maps that work everywhere and cost next to nothing
Building a project in DBT
Dev News: AI Tools and Integrations, Plus Pull Requests Gone Wild
FinalMLP: A Simple yet Powerful Two-Stream MLP Model for Recommendation Systems
New York City-based Fabric, which uses AI to automate clinical and administrative work in health care, raised a $60M Series A led by General Catalyst (Priya Anand/Bloomberg)
This AI Paper from Cohere AI Reveals Aya: Bridging Language Gaps in NLP with the World's Largest Multilingual Dataset
Tyler Perry Nixes Huge Film Studio Expansion, Says He Can Just Green Screen in Backgrounds From OpenAI's Sora
The 3 fascinating things we learned from Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's earnings call
Can SQA Engineers Rely on ChatGPT in Writing Test Cases?
Testing and documenting DBT models
Researchers from CMU and Peking Introduces 'DiffTOP' that Uses Differentiable Trajectory Optimization to Generate the Policy Actions for Deep Reinforcement Learning and Imitation Learning
Jeff Bezos and Nvidia are throwing serious cash at a human-like robot startup
Unifying Language Understanding and Generation: The Revolutionary Impact of Generative Representational Instruction Tuning (GRIT)
Users can't tell the difference between AI-generated and human fake news, study finds
Logistic Regression in a Nutshell
Why is Google Eyeing Reddit's data?
Why I love Jotai
Downsides of target encoding compared to one hot encoding?
Not always honest at supermarket self-checkout? AI is out to get you
[D] What Are the Fundamental Drawbacks of Mamba Compared to Transformers?
Judge slaps down law firm using ChatGPT to justify six-figure trial fee
This is Suno V3 song...
Meet MoD-SLAM: The Future of Monocular Mapping and 3D Reconstruction in Unbounded Scenes
Tyler Perry sees OpenAI's video AI Sora and puts $800 million studio on hold
What next? I feel stuck
If everything is mathematically calculated, what part of the deep learning network is actually a blackbox?
Phind-70B: BEST Coding LLM Outperforming GPT-4 Turbo + Opensource!
Encoder-Decoder Transformers vs Decoder-Only vs Encoder-Only: Pros and Cons
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (February 23, 2024)
Information Retrieval & Relevance // Daniel Svonava // #214
After Seeing OpenAI's Sora, Tyler Perry Cancelled Building an $800m Studio
Montreal's AI system aims to prevent subway suicides by analyzing passenger behavior
What technology would you use to build a CREATIVE graph like this one?
Researchers at Cornell University Introduced HiQA: An Advanced Artificial Intelligence Framework for Multi-Document Question-Answering (MDQA)
Experimenting with 3D reconstruction
Suno's new music AI model blurs the line between generated and human-created songs
Tyler Perry thinks AI can create movies almost as well as he can and is worried about Hollywood's future
AI startup Magic is building a  superhuman software engineer
Enhancing Underwater Image Segmentation with Deep Learning: A Novel Approach to Dataset Expansion and Preprocessing Techniques
Fine-Tuning LLMs: Use Case Examples
Size Matters: How Big Is Too Big for An LLM?
Miranda Bogen is creating solutions to help govern AI
Data Science Is Not That Special
7 Tips to Future-Proof Machine Learning Projects
Master Generative AI Stack: practical handbook
Building a Data Warehouse
A Complete Guide to Write your own Transformers
OpenAI vs Open-Source Multilingual Embedding Models
Human-like real-time sketching by a humanoid robot
A modern version of Mona Lisa (midjourney)
This Week in AI: Addressing racism in AI image generators
A Comprehensive Survey of Hallucination Mitigation Techniques in Large Language Models
Introducing tmap for Visualization and Data Analysis
What Google Gemini's Race Controversy Really Means
Navigating the Realities of Being A Data Scientist
Stellantis CEO says there's still life in Waymo deal for self-driving delivery vans
OpenAI's new video generation tool could learn a lot from babies | John Naughton
Top JavaScript Tools on Codepen
Revolutionize Your Development: The Ultimate AI Tools for Developers
The State of Cloud Optimization 2024: Comprehensive Insights
Advice for Career Switch
[P] Text classification using LLMs
Hover Text Animation
Vin Diesel's Sticking With Fast & Furious All the Way to The End
CoLlama   - code autocompletion (local machine and free)
How can cpp(C++) be best utilized when integrating a PyTorch model into a product?
Why AI can (and should) lead to a renaissance in the humanities
PayPal Ventures' first AI investment, a credit-based dating app and Robinhood's good week
New Van Gogh paintings discovered. (Midjourney V6)
Review of Warp: The AI-Powered Terminal
How to Unit Test Machine Learning Code & Models
Embarking on the Data Odyssey: A Deep Dive into Data Engineering for Tech Enthusiasts
David Shapiro Credibility
[R] 2D Matryoshka Sentence Embeddings
Why Doesn't My Model Work?
Meet Optuna: An Automatic Hyperparameter Optimization Software Framework Designed for Machine Learning
How often you revisit your notebook and update the code?
[D] Layernorm is just two projections and can be improved
Linear regression vs Regression trees - how would you approach choosing which to use?
Django Project on NGINX Unit
Impact of AI on Freelance Jobs
Researchers from Aalto University ViewFusion: Revolutionizing View Synthesis with Adaptive Diffusion Denoising and Pixel-Weighting Techniques
Essential Metrics for Evaluating Market Research Company's Impact
Deploying Models with Xinference
Google releases new open LLMs, Rivian lays off staff and Signal rolls out usernames
How to check if an element is visible in the viewport using JavaScript and React Hook.
Upside down table trick with CSS
Which part-time masters for Data Science?
Discover the Magic of Namelix: Business Name Generator
Is there a First One Through Advantage?
Powerboxes 0.2.2 is here
OpenAI Sora: Behind The Magic!
The Next Phase of Generative AI
Rotating Animation
OpenCI: NEW Opensource Code Interpreter Model On Par with GPT-4!
How Do Layers Work in a Full Transformer Architecture?
Information Retrieval & Relevance // Daniel Svonava // MLOps Podcast #214
Fine Tune Gemma Crash Course (w/ Example Colab Code)
How to Use VS Code as Your Python IDE
merely fiddlin
Can a Tech Giant Be Woke?
9 Latest Videos by OpenAI's Sora That Will Amaze You
[D] Hugging Face Accelerate versus Lightning Fabric
[D] What are some other paradigms and frameworks for building with LLMs besides retrieval augmented generation (RAG)?
[P] [D] Self hosting an open source model or using an API like chatgpt
This AI Paper from China IntroduceS Rarebench: A Pioneering AI Benchmark to Evaluate the Capabilities of LLMs on 4 Critical Dimensions within Rare Diseases
Format strings in OCaml
YOLOv9 improves real-time object recognition accuracy with less computation
How to Convert Screenshots to Editable Figma Designs with Codia AI in 3 Easy Steps
I've made over $3,500 editing ChatGPT-generated content. Here are 4 tips on how to make AI's writing sound more human.
Cartoonifier
MSDS or MSBA
Conditional Statements in Python
[Research] 2-dimensional Matryoshka Sentence Embeddings
Yann LeCun & Randall Balestriero Optimize Deep Learning for Perception Tasks
The World is Built on NVIDIA GPUs.
Amazon Q Data Integration in AWS Glue Simplifies Data Transformation on AWS
Data Machina #242
Google Goes Big on Context with Gemini 1.5 and Dips Into Open-Source with Gemma
GPT-4 powered tool that builds web apps from start to finish by talking to you: what we learned building GPT Pilot (research + examples)
What are some foundational papers in CV that every newcomer should read?
LlamaIndex Sessions: 12 RAG Pain Points and Solutions
'How much do you love your wife?' asked the Apple Vision Pro salesman
Revolutionizing 3D Scene Reconstruction and View Synthesis with PC-NeRF: Bridging the Gap in Sparse LiDAR Data Utilization
MusicMagus: Harnessing Diffusion Models for Zero-Shot Text-to-Music Editing
Stability AI sells AI image platform Clipdrop just one year after buying it
This Machine Learning Research Introduces Premier-TACO: A Robust and Highly Generalizable Representation Pretraining Framework for Few-Shot Policy Learning
Google Goes Small and Open Source with Gemma
Shattering AI Illusions: Google DeepMind's Research Exposes Critical Reasoning Shortfalls in LLMs!
Generative AI's environmental costs are  closely guarded corporate secrets,  scientist criticizes
State of Ai dancing girls now!
Judge cuts law firm's legal bill in half after it used ChatGPT to calculate  excessive  amount
Comparing the current short-term cancer incidence prediction models in Brazil with state-of-the-art time-series models
How OpenAI's Sora is Changing the Game: An Insight into Its Core Technologies
Health-care AI: The potential and pitfalls of diagnosis by app
What's The Story With HNSW?
[N]Introducing Magika: A Powerful File Type Detection Library
DeepMind has found a simple way to make language models reason better
Amba Kak creates policy recommendations to address AI concerns
Eccentric Magician Responsible for AI-Generated Joe Biden Calling Voters
[D] The pace...
Mapping out the connections of Oscar Winners
Honor's Magic 6 Pro launches internationally with AI-powered eye tracking on the way
New multi-threading technique promises to double processing speeds
[D] Theory for latent space
Swarms of AI  killer robots  are the future of war: If that sounds scary, it should
Benchmarking Snowflake Cortex against Scikit-Learn on a real-life forecasting use-case.
Best Storage For Machine Learning?
An Introduction to Prompting for LLMs
[R] Nature-Inspired Local Propagation
[D] I wrote a small tool for debugging Triton code. Anyone interested?
Sources: Apple has considered a fitness ring, smart glasses, and adding cameras and more advanced AI to AirPods, but is not actively developing these devices (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
[D] Adjusting a subset of one unet based on another one
What are some examples of good data science as a service products/companies?
How to set up development and production environments using AWS Copilot: Example using a 'plumber' API.
Open Source AI Glasses: Would you wear them?
4 core strategies as AI changes the  meaning of work
Apple's wearable ideas include smart glasses and cameras in your ears
Meet MiniCPM: An End-Side LLM with only 2.4B Parameters Excluding Embeddings
Transitioning from finance to data science, how do I discuss my skillset?
From AI Photo to real life model
Researchers from NVIDIA and the University of Maryland Propose ODIN: A Reward Disentangling Technique that Mitigates Hacking in Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF)
Microsoft's LongRoPE Breaks the Limit of Context Window of LLMs, Extents it to 2 Million Tokens
Can Machine Learning Teach Robots to Understand Us Better? This Microsoft Research Introduces Language Feedback Models for Advanced Imitation Learning
Can Machine Learning Models Be Fine-Tuned More Efficiently? This AI Paper from Cohere for AI Reveals How REINFORCE Beats PPO in Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback
Find Out About The Technology Behind The Latest PFAD In Analytical Database Development
Gemini 1.5 Pro for Code - Part 01
Google Gemini Anti-Woke Backlash: Culture War or AI Fear?
Microsoft and Open AI Expose Rising Threat of AI in Cyber Operations
The Power of BERT
AGI: Humanity's Last Invention?
Masking During Transformer Inference Matters a Lot (Buy Why?)
Groq API - 500+ Tokens/s - First Impression and Tests - WOW!
Alan Ayckbourn was ahead of the curve in predictions of AI-created TV soaps | Letters
Text to 3D is AWESOME now! - AI Tools you need to know
AI startup 'Figure AI' scores $675M from Bezos, Nvidia, and others to advance humanoid robots
dclient 0.3
MWC 2024 in Barcelona: Anticipating the Future
So, you've been scammed by a deepfake. What can you do?
LWiAI Podcast #156 - OpenAI's Sora, Gemini 1.5, BioMistral, V-JEPA, AI Task Force, Fun!
Du Bois Visualization Challenge 04
From deepfakes to digital candidates: AI's political play
With now so many different types of data scientist roles, how do you go about preparing for interviews?
Apple has reportedly discussed ideas including a smart ring and glasses &mdash; and putting tiny cameras on AirPods
What are the best attempts of the Python ecosystem to fix it's shortcomings compared to R? (for simple data wrangling)
YOLOv9: Learning What You Want to Learn Using Programmable Gradient Information
The Multiverse AI Review: #1 Professional AI Headshots?
Lenovo debuts Core Ultra-powered laptops and hybrids with dedicated Copilot key
UK's enemies could use AI deepfakes to try to rig election, says James Cleverly
Google promises to fix Gemini's image generation following complaints that it's 'woke'
Fine Tuning Mask2Former
Zuckerberg's Asia Tour to Range From AI to Ambani Wedding Party
Unveiling Honor's AI-Enhanced Magic6 Pro and Porsche Design Magic V2 RSR
Why does the decoder only transformer models predict the logits for each token in the prompt instead of just give the entire prompt as input and then start predicting the next token?
How to Use the Python zip() Function
Am I bad at working with data?
Exploring the os Library With Python
Hyperwrite: Create and Deploy Personalized AI Agents on Your Operating System!
Ed/Steven: GeomobEDI is coming, LON, BCN, and BER recaps
AI Chip Startup DeepX Is Close to Raising $90 Million in Funding
What is Multitenancy in Vector Databases?
AWS Networking with Terraform: Hosting a static website using S3
Industry Leaders in AI and Wireless form AI-RAN Alliance
Day -1 Python In One Shot
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's message to kids: generative AI means you don't need to learn coding
Can large language models build causal graphs?
Is 'Don't Stop Pre-training' just fine-tuning? [R]
OpenAI's Sora is slow enough to grab a snack while it generates your video
SmartCow introduces Uranus Plus
Ola's Kutrim Rolls Out Public Beta Access
Adaptive Deep Learning for Efficient Visual Pose Estimation aboard Ultra-low-power Nano-drones
Meta AI hallucinating hard
How to Build a Weather App with HTML,CSS and Vanilla JavaScript
Has anyone tried ai study tools for summaries and quizzes?
Is creating an in-house LLM right for your organization?
Ola's Krutrim Rolls Out Public Beta Access
How data governance must evolve to meet the generative AI challenge
Fractal Introduces Kalaido, New Indic Text to Image Diffusion Model
Zodiac Chat AI
Prompting Large Language Models for Counterfactual Generation: An Empirical Study
MachineCon GCC Summit 2024   Shaping the Future of Global Capability Centers in India
CaveSeg: Deep Semantic Segmentation and Scene Parsing for Autonomous Underwater Cave Exploration
RoboLLM: Robotic Vision Tasks Grounded on Multimodal Large Language Models
[D] Is it worth switching to JAX from TensorFlow/PyTorch?
Meta team to counter fake news and AI misuse ahead of EU elections
EpiK-Eval: Evaluation for Language Models as Epistemic Models
PythonSaga: Redefining the Benchmark to Evaluate Code Generating LLM
Estimation of partially known Gaussian graphical models with score-based structural priors
Google announces new Android features, including Gemini integration with Messages, AI-powered text summaries for Android Auto, and AI-generated image captions (Cheyenne MacDonald/Engadget)
Hedge Funds Unload Tech Stocks After Going All-In Before Nvidia
Typical Data Science scene in India!!
60% of GPT-3.5 Outputs Are Plagiarised: Report
Examfly: Making tough tax exams fun to take and easy to pass
ParaGuide: Guided Diffusion Paraphrasers for Plug-and-Play Textual Style Transfer
Researchers from Meta AI and UCSD Present TOOLVERIFIER: A Generation and Self-Verification Method for Enhancing the Performance of Tool Calls for LLMs
Large Language Models: Modern Gen4 LLM Overview (LLaMA, Pythia, PaLM2 and More)
A Brief Overview of the Strengths and Weaknesses Artificial Intelligence
Lenovo debuts AI PCs that have specs a lot like vanilla PCs with this year's accelerated CPUs
[P] AI infrastructure landscape
Data Science Hiring Process at Nucleus Software
Nvidia launches RTX 500 and RTX 1000, its new laptop GPUs for on-the-go AI processing powered by the Ada Lovelace architecture, available in Spring 2024 (Dean Takahashi/VentureBeat)
Now You Can Message Google Gemini From Any Android Phone
Qualcomm unveils AI Hub, a new library of 75+ pre-optimized AI models, X80 5G modem, and FastConnect 7900, a chip that integrates Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth, and UWB (Dean Takahashi/VentureBeat)
Cathie Wood Doubles Down on AI Sales With Cut to TSMC Stake
Gemini is about to slide into your DMs
Analyzing the Inherent Response Tendency of LLMs: Real-World Instructions-Driven Jailbreak
Don't Ignore Dual Logic Ability of LLMs while Privatizing: A Data-Intensive Analysis in Medical Domain
Spain will create foundational AI model in local languages
Kun: Answer Polishment for Chinese Self-Alignment with Instruction Back-Translation
Mathematical Language Models: A Survey
Exploring the Capabilities of ChatGPT in Ancient Chinese Translation and Person Name Recognition
Nvidia briefly hits $2trn valuation as demand for AI chips soars
Disinformation Capabilities of Large Language Models
Who Wrote this Code? Watermarking for Code Generation
Google announces new accessibility and productivity features at MWC
Meet VLM-CaR (Code as Reward): A New Machine Learning Framework Empowering Reinforcement Learning with Vision-Language Models
Learning Mean Field Games on Sparse Graphs: A Hybrid Graphex Approach
Weekly Roundup 041 (Feb 19):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
Google brings Gemini to Messages and adds AI text summaries for Android Auto
Qualcomm's new AI Hub is a dream tool for developers building on-device models
Huawei Cloud with 10 AI Innovations unveiled in MWC Barcelona 2024
MetaTool Benchmark for Large Language Models: Deciding Whether to Use Tools and Which to Use
Researchers from AWS AI Labs and USC Propose DeAL: A Machine Learning Framework that Allows the User to Customize Reward Functions and Enables Decoding-Time Alignment of LLMs
Meta Releases MobileLLM with Efficient Architecture
India confronts Google over Gemini AI tool's 'fascist Modi' responses
Qualcomm Announces AI Hub Which Allows Developers to Build On-Device Models
ChatGPT is integrated with Siri Shortcuts! Their app's integration works even on HomePod, you can access the power of this tool from Siri right now, pretty neat!
AMBER: An LLM-free Multi-dimensional Benchmark for MLLMs Hallucination Evaluation
Words that Matter: The Impact of Negative Words on News Sentiment and Stock Market Index
Absolutely SHOCKING Statistics! AGI, UBI, Accelerationism, and More! [Getting to know my Audience!]
Gemini 1.5 Pro is grossly UNDER-RATED!!! (Part 1)
25. Diving into LLM EvalGPT: Assessing Metric Evaluations
LLM Agents with Sparrow
Global telco alliance to build LLMs for AI assistants and chatbots
7 Free Harvard University Courses to Advance Your Skills
Adobe Bets on a Document-Reading AI to Help Entice Subscribers
[P] GPTFast: Accelerate your Hugging Face Transformers 6-7x. Native to Hugging Face and PyTorch.
Deloitte: How to Prevent AI from Taking Your Job
Bengaluru AI Startup Netradyne Cuts Road Accidents by 30%
Updated: Samsung unveils the Galaxy Ring at MWC 2024
Congratulations to the #AAAI2024 outstanding paper winners
Advanced Analytics and AI in Predicting E-commerce Customer Behavior
HPE Introduces a Flexible and Expandable Storage System
Resurrecting loved ones as AI 'ghosts' could harm your mental health
The Morning After: Why Google's Gemini image generation feature overcorrected for diversity
The big idea: should we all be putting chips in our brains?
Micron Begins Production of HBM3E Chips to Accelerate AI Growth
AI call quiz: see if you can spot the sham audio of Trump and Biden
Meta outlines its strategy to combat the misuse of generative AI ahead of the European elections in June, including setting up an EU-specific operations center (Tom Gerken/BBC)
'Disinformation on steroids': is the US prepared for AI's influence on the election?
How a Small Iowa Newspaper's Website Became an AI-Generated Clickbait Factory
Box, Accel Alum Raise Funds to Help Navigate AI Talent Crunch
Meta taskforce to fight EU election disinformation as deepfake fears grow
Master AI with no tech skills? Why complex systems demand diverse learning
[R] YOLOv9: Learning What You Want to Learn Using Programmable Gradient Information
What happens when we outsource boring but important work to AI? Research shows we forget how to do it ourselves
bisect module and methods(python)
Tyler Perry, fearful of AI advances, halts $800 million Atlanta film studio expansion
Google DeepMind taps the power of its AI to accelerate quantum computers
How to Use ChatGPT's Memory Feature
Apple's Breakthrough in Language Model Efficiency: Unveiling Speculative Streaming for Faster Inference
What's the current consensus on using tensorflow 2.x vs PyTorch? [D]
Understanding Tasks in Diffusers: Part 1
FlowGPT is the wild west of GenAI apps
US Used AI to Help Find Middle East Targets for Airstrikes
My custom News Aggregation Platform
AMD Radeon RX 7900 GRE review: $549 competition for Nvidia
Microsoft partners with Mistral as regulators probe its OpenAI alliance; Microsoft takes a minor stake in Mistral and help bring Mistral's AI models to market (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
[D] Is the tech industry still not recovered or I am that bad?
Darwin AI gives small LatAm companies AI-powered sales assistant
Meta is seeking chip engineers to develop new AI and ML specialized accelerators
Technion Researchers Revolutionize Audio Editing: Unleashing Creativity with Zero-Shot Techniques and Pre-trained Models
OpenAI Feather - The next big thing?
AMD's budget version of the 7900 XT GPU is coming to the US for $549
Revolutionizing Tech Marketing
Knowledge Series #25: How to make basic API calls
Reasoning About Uncertainty using Markov Chains
Meta Reveals Strategy for the 2024 EU Parliament Elections
Google DeepMind CEO Defends Gemini's 'Well-Intended' Image Flaws
Using Vectors with Apache Cassandra and DataStax Astra DB (part 3)
Microsoft announces 'AI access principles' to offset OpenAI competition concerns
Microsoft takes stake in French AI startup Mistral to push its multilingual models
How AI is changing the adult entertainment industry, raising concerns about performers' compensation and rights to their likeness, abuse prevention, and more (Tatum Hunter/Washington Post)
Mistral launches new flagship LLM as European GPT-4 competition
Meet the Matryoshka Embedding Models that Produce Useful Embeddings of Various Dimensions
So you've been scammed by a deepfake. What can you do?
Corporate race to use AI puts public at risk, study finds
NVIDIA's RTX 500 and 1000 Ada GPUs bring more AI smarts to thin and light workstations
Google hopeful of fix for Gemini's historical image diversity issue within weeks
Mistral releases new 'top-tier' AI model, partners with Microsoft
[N] Tech giants are developing their AI chips. Here's the list
Apple can only resist AI transparency for so long
French AI firm Mistral launches first chatbot
Microsoft partners with Mistral in second AI deal beyond OpenAI
Former Dean Phillips campaign consultant admits making fake Biden robocall: 'With a mere $500 investment, anyone could replicate my intentional call'
Do Not Put Filtering Conditions In the  WHERE  Clause in Some Scenarios
Audio explainable artificial intelligence: Demystifying 'black box' models
Conversational AI revolutionizes the customer experience landscape
Last Week in AI #259: Google's Gemini AI controversy  , Google's open-sources Gemma models  , Moonshot AI's billion-dollar boost  , and more!
Microsoft Strikes Deal With France's Mistral, OpenAI Rival
Yury Rudnitski, Product Manager of the ChatOn App (AIBY Group)   Interview Series
one of the Codia AI Design technologies: image segmentation model
Fashion brands using AI to analyze trends could 'completely transform the creative process,' a consultant says
Mistral's 'Le Big Model' Beats Google's Gemini Pro
Top Student Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Mistral AI releases new model to rival GPT-4 and its own chat assistant
Podcast: The Modern Data Science Development Toolkit
Mobile-Agents: Autonomous Multi-modal Mobile Device Agent With Visual Perception
8 Built-in Python Decorators to Write Elegant Code
Mistral AI releases a GPT-4 rival called Mistral Large, which supports context windows of 32k tokens, and a ChatGPT-like chat assistant called Le Chat in beta (Romain Dillet/TechCrunch)
Hakkoda Study Reveals the Need to Modernize Data Stack in 2024
Why Data Privacy Will Be 2024's Defining Tech Issue
Visualizing Gradient Descent Parameters in Torch
Building a Simple Spy Camera with Python
Why some VCs are pulling back from Europe, Google's AI push, and who is the CEO of Byju's?
Dell promises 'every PC is going to be an AI PC' whether you like it or not
UK Home Secretary sounds alarm over deepfakes ahead of elections
FLaNK Stack 26 February 2024
AI Spam Threatens the Internet AI Can Also Protect It
ByteDance Proposes Magic-Me: A New AI Framework for Video Generation with Customized Identity
The Human Toll of Algorithmic Management: When Machines Manage
Even LLMs need education quality data makes LLMs overperform
DeepMind Chief Says Google's Bungled AI Faces Feature Is Returning Soon
A Sora Rival Raises Millions from NEA
South Korea's SK Telecom partners with Perplexity to access its proprietary models and to offer Perplexity's paid version of its AI-based search engine for free (Krystal Hu/Reuters)
UiPath finds firmer financial footing with pivot to general automation and AI
A NEW SOCIAL NETWORK WITHOUT LIKES IS ________
Mistral INCHES closer to GPT-4 with LARGE!!!
How to make your GitHub more impressive to Employers! (5 simple tips)
Stable Diffusion 3 - Creative AI For Everyone!
Best Way to Imagine the Full-Transformer Model
185 - Consultation Lessons Learned
Exploring the Horizon: Top AI Video Generators of 2024
How Telcos are Using Generative AI - MWC 2024
Google wants to make Android users super-texters with new AI features
Ray-Tracing Validation at the Driver Level
Top 10 must-read AI/ML Papers for GenAI?
NVIDIA Partners with Indian Govt to Bring Sovereign AI
Anything-in anything-out: A new modular AI model
What AI And Automation Technologies Make The Most Sense In Retail Today?
Where to go after studying the foundations of linear algebra, calculus, probability theory and statistics?
Mistral's 'Le Big Model' Beats Google's Gemini Pro, Signs Multi-Year Deal with Microsoft
The industry is not going  recover  for newly minted research scientists [D]
AI for agriculture: How Indian farmers are harvesting innovation
We offer another place for knowledge
Generative AI for smart grid modeling
Photographer's AI Side Hustle: Creating Unique Dog Posters
Move Over OpenAI, Microsoft Has a New Darling Startup
AI-powered Technique Could Help Quantum Computers Scale
Former Twitter engineers are building Particle, an AI-powered news reader
Is your next home assistant a hologram? These MWC concepts offer 3 possibilities
Alphabet Drops During Renewed Fears About Google's AI Offerings
After OpenAI, Microsoft takes Mistral - another high-profile AI startup - under its wing
Working with Python Dataclasses and Dataclass Wizard
Google Chatbot Refused to Say Whether Elon Musk Is Better Than Adolf Hitler
Alignment efficient image-sentence retrieval considering transferable cross-modal representation learning
Getting started with Gemini API with NestJS
Scaling Up LLM Agents: Unlocking Enhanced Performance Through Simplicity
OpenTelemetry Collector Anti-Patterns
Google Will Relaunch Gemini in a 'Few Weeks,' After Its Racial Controversy
Sora generating some imaginary animals
Google has another 'woke' AI problem with Gemini &mdash; and it's going to be hard to fix
Mistral partners with Microsoft, announces new large AI model with chat app
AI accelerates process design for 3D printing metal alloys
A year after AI 'code red,' Google is red-faced amid Gemini backlash. Was it inevitable? | The AI Beat
Developer Days at NVIDIA GTC 2024
The most jaw-dropping demo at MWC was from a brand I wasn't expecting to see
Java News Roundup: JDK 22 RC2, Multiple Releases in the Spring Ecosystem, Payara Platform
Google DeepMind CEO on AGI, OpenAI and Beyond   MWC 2024
2+ years in a DS role and 'killing it', what's your take away?   keep it philosophical
Cathie Wood's TSMC Sale and Social Media Content Moderation | Bloomberg Technology
Man admits to paying magician $150 to create anti-Biden robocall
State of FinOps 2024: Reducing Waste and Embracing AI
Detecting Real-Time Waste Contamination Using Edge Computing and Video Analytics
[D] How KV cache is valid in LLM transformer
AI Fueled NVIDIA's Remarkable $2 Trillion Value and Record Revenue
New Ebook: How Generative AI Transforms Software Development
IQVIA publishes 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
all  MPV For Fixed Price  vendors in one directory
Expect AI-made prescription drugs to be ready for clinical trials in a couple of years, predicts Google DeepMind CEO
You can now make any image into interactive, playable enviornments using Google's Genie
Weekly Top Picks #64
How accessing ChatGPT on Android is about to get easier
MWC 2024: Everything announced so far, including a Samsung smart ring, Google AI features
Meta's plan to stop AI from ruining elections is about to get its first big test
UE5 AI Hearing C++: Unreal Engine Perception Example
RobCo welcomes Lightspeed Venture Partners as a new investor
The AI 'Genie' is Out + Humanoid Robotics Step Closer
Training Data Locality and Chain-of-Thought Reasoning in LLMs with Ben Prystawski - #673
While Google paused Gemini's image generation, its text generation tool also offers some absurd responses, highlighting the need for flourishing open source AI (Ben Thompson/Stratechery)
Affective computing: Connecting computing with human emotions for empathetic AI
Can We Drastically Reduce AI Training Costs? This AI Paper from MIT, Princeton, and Together AI Unveils How BitDelta Achieves Groundbreaking Efficiency in Machine Learning
Mastering Type-Safe JSON Serialization in TypeScript
AI Startup Roundup: Chinese LLM Startup Raises $1 Billion
First .NET 9 Preview Emphasizes Cloud-Native Development, AI Apps
Google DeepMind Introduces Round-Trip Correctness for Assessing Large Language Models
Court hits B.C. lawyer with costs over fake AI-generated cases, despite no intent to deceive
[R] Genie: Generative Interactive Environments
U.S. Is Reportedly Using AI to Decide Where to Drop Bombs
jotai-wrapper, a super tiny and simple utility library
Meta ramps up efforts to combat disinformation ahead of crucial EU elections
Judge Blasts Law Firm for Using ChatGPT to Estimate Legal Costs
Tetrahedron Center Functions
Mistral Launches Close-to-GPT-4-Level Model with Microsoft Partnership
Modern Notebook Diffing
Integrating LLM into Wolfram Workflows: Process and Analyze Sustainable Development Data Efficiently
Exploring Historical Geology with Wolfram Language
Mistral Large: NEW Mistral Model Beats GPT-3.5 and Llama2-70B on EVERY Benchmark!
Will AI replace journalists? AI's impact on news production
Computational Number Theory in the Modern World
An Intuitive Guide To Entropy
7 Books to Read on Artificial Intelligence
Lessons From My ML Journey: Data Splitting and Data Leakage
The CTO for US Central Command says AI developed for Project Maven was used to narrow down targets for 85+ air strikes in the Middle East on February 2 (Katrina Manson/Bloomberg)
10 Best AI-Powered Chrome Extensions
Putting Your Data On the Table
Position Embeddings for Vision Transformers, Explained
[D] Question on generating embeddings with Transformer Encoder-Decoder
Attention for Vision Transformers, Explained
PSA: I want the community to be aware of Cursor.sh, an IDE fork of VSCode that natively integrates GPT-4 that can take your entire codebase into its context window to generate results
Inkitt, a self-publishing platform using AI to develop bestsellers, books $37M led by Khosla
How to Generate a Random Number in Python
Vision Transformers, Explained
Tokens-to-Token Vision Transformers, Explained
ChatGPT Is Not a Doctor
Mistral Large
AI Integration in the Service Industry: Navigating Challenges and Leveraging Human Expertise
R For SEO Part 5: Common Excel Formulas In R
Supporting Mixtral in gpt-fast through torch.compile - faster decoding than any non-Groq endpoint(!)
Nvidia's free-tier GeForce Now will soon show ads while you're waiting to play
i think i built the easiest way for python developers to interact with the cloud (and at a massive scale)
Samsung becomes first to introduce 12-stack HBM3E amid high demand from AI
China's Zhida Weighing HK$1 Billion Hong Kong IPO This Year, Sources Say
Does the average SHAP value for a given metric, say anything about the value/magnitude of the metric itself?
Google to bring Gemini model back online in a few weeks after adjusting historical color calibrations
China unveiled new dragon-themed drillers that it hopes will build the world's 'longest undersea high-speed railway tunnel'
Baseline OpenAI end-to-end Chat Reference Architecture
Why Ola's Krutrim is Showing OpenAI as its Creator
AllSpark: A Multimodal Spatio-Temporal General Intelligence Model with Thirteen Modalities
Researchers from the University of Pennsylvania and Vector Institute Introduce DataDreamer: An Open-Source Python Library that Allows Researchers to Write Simple Code to Implement Powerful LLM Workflow
Advanced Selection from Tensors in Pytorch
This Machine Learning Research from Amazon Introduces BASE TTS: A Text-to-Speech (TTS) Model that Stands for Big Adaptive Streamable TTS with Emergent Abilities
Microsoft to offer more AI options on Azure with Mistral AI partnerhip
Altman: 'Everybody Underestimates the Need for AI Compute'
Edge 373: Computationally Efficient LLM Reasoning with ReWOO
Uncertainty Driven Bottleneck Attention U-net for Organ at Risk Segmentation
Think, Act, and Ask: Open-World Interactive Personalized Robot Navigation
Deepfakes: From Digital Reality to Fake Reality
[N] Saw these at the Gigabyte booth at MWC...imagine what you could do with these!
Day -2 Advanced Python   ...
Training loss graph interpretation
SAPEON announced partnership with DOCOMO Innovations
The Morning After: Lenovo's Project Crystal laptop looks like a Star Trek prop
Superhuman launches AI-powered instant replies
FlowGPT, the open ecosystem AI platform, raises $10M
A Machine Learning Approach Towards SKILL Code Autocompletion
Subsets helps subscription businesses reduce churn with 'retention experiments' and explainable AI
The Pentagon used Project Maven-developed AI to identify air strike targets
The CEO who believes Africans must make their own AI tools
Adapting Large Language Models for Education: Foundational Capabilities, Potentials, and Challenges
Bankers Will See AI Transform Three-Quarters of Day, Study Says
Getting Started with LangChain
How AI can bring ancient languages to modern ears
Altair and the Powerful Vega-Lite 'Grammar of Graphics'
Meta to build election operations center in Europe to inspect AI content
Microsoft's Mistral AI Investment to Be Examined by EU Watchdog
Google Introduces Gemma, a New Open Source AI Model for Developers
Microsoft made a $16 million investment in Mistral AI
Google's mission is organizing the world's information. Its 'woke' AI debacle prompted critics to say it's failing.
Singapore GA: Deploy apps, AI workloads, and databases in seconds
Microsoft, OpenAI move to fend off genAI-aided hackers   for now
MapGPT: Map-Guided Prompting with Adaptive Path Planning for Vision-and-Language Navigation
Humane reveals first international market for the Ai Pin, partnering with South Korea's SK Telecom
Are You Embracing AI inYour Dev Workflow?
BullFrog AI announced the appointment of new Chief Scientific Officer
Streamlining Business Analytics: The Power of Automated Data Integration
Overbond integrates dealer axe data with Neptune platform API
Amazon Bedrock: A solid generative AI foundation
Nvidia plans to start showing free-tier users of GeForce Now  up to two minutes  of video ads while waiting in queue to start a cloud gaming session (Sean Hollister/The Verge)
When Moxie Visited Bengaluru
What's going on with cloud finops?
Tel Aviv-based Exodigo, which uses AI and sensors to make underground maps for energy, utility, transport, and construction companies, raised a $105M Series A (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Inkitt, the self-publishing site that wants to use AI to pick and tweak the most compelling stories to distribute on its Galatea app, raised a $37M Series C (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
AvaSure Episodic Virtual Care Solution launched at ViVE 2024
[D] Conference paper is double-blinded. For what?
Energy-Based Concept Bottleneck Models: Unifying Prediction, Concept Intervention, and Probabilistic Interpretations
What if Van Gogh painted Mona Lisa?
Google's AI (Gemini/Bard) refused to answer my question until I threatened to try Bing.
Human or fake? How AI is distorting beauty standards   video
Genie: Generative Interactive Environments
AI Startup Exodigo Raises $105 Million to Make Underground Maps
Microsoft looks beyond OpenAI with latest Mistral AI deal
How NextWealth is Creating GenAI Jobs in Smaller Towns and Cities of India
Developing AI workloads is complex. Deciding where to run them might be easier
NEW RESEARCH: Growing Database Complexity Will Fuel Significant Skills Gaps in 2024
Mastering Binary Search in Python
With a trillion-dollar valuation, Nvidia is at the top of its game   will its reign last?
Probabilistic 3D Multi-Object Cooperative Tracking for Autonomous Driving via Differentiable Multi-Sensor Kalman Filter
Revolutionizing 3D Scene Modeling with Generalized Exponential Splatting
3 dynamic use cases for Apache Flink and stream processing
Dublin-based Halo raises $20m to advance bodycam tech
QuasiNet: a neural network with trainable product layers
Alibaba staff offers glimpse into life of building LLM in China
Microsoft says its investment in Mistral AI amounts to &euro;15M; EU regulators plan to analyze the investment, which could eventually lead to a formal investigation (Samuel Stolton/Bloomberg)
How NextWealth is Creating GenAI Opportunities in Small Towns of India
Release Note: Vishwa AI's Auto Builder Goes Public Beta
Abu Dhabi's Largest Firm Adds AI-Powered Observer to Board
Nvidia's $70 Million Florida Supercomputer Hobbled by DeSantis Law
#85: Nvidia's Blockbuster Earnings, Groq's Blazingly Fast AI Goes Viral, and How to Handle AI Disruption in Your Work
Free Data Analyst Bootcamp for Beginners
10 fascinating facts about Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, who has a company tattoo and dozens of direct reports
Transformers Well Explained: Word Embeddings
On the Societal Impact of Open Foundation Models
AI-powered Image-to-video games is Here!
Data scientist quits her job at Spotify
Web Scraping Movies with Python and BeautifulSoup
Mistral AI unveils LLM rivalling major players
The Displace wireless TV, that sticks to walls, plans new models and new AI features
Saving Lives One Beat at a Time, Dozee Redefines Hospital Safety
Glean wants to beat ChatGPT at its own game   in the enterprise
Explainable AI: GradCAM using PyTorch
Glean, which uses AI to offer unified search across apps used at a company, raised a $200M+ Series D at a $2.2B valuation and says annualized revenue hit $39M (Jordan Novet/CNBC)
Predict Health Outcomes of Horses   A Classification Project in Machine Learning
Through knowledge sharing to singularity, accelerated by LLMs
How you (and Elon Musk) can set up Windows 11 without a Microsoft account
Detect scam calls using Go with LeMUR and Twilio
A Willy Wonka-style 'Chocolate Experience' advertised with AI images turned out to be an 'absolute shambles'
NVIDIA GeForce Now gets pre-roll ads for free users
Elon Musk is going to war with Google
Dell ramps up 'AI PC' plans with Latitude and Precision refresh
AI Startup Gets Funds to Help Prevent Widespread Work Accidents
RAG Explained   Key Component in Large Language Model (LLM)
[D] I'm looking for a good gpu for ML. Should I get a 3060 8gb or a 4060 ti 16gb?
Specializing LLMs for Domains: RAG vs. Fine-Tuning
Microsoft to unveil its new DirectSR AI image upscaling technology at GDC 2024
Mila partners with HomePorter to improve home services through the use of AI
Things You Didn't Know About Tesla's Humanoid Robots
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Prompt Templates
This AI newsletter is all you need #88
Big Tech's Roaring Profit Machine Eases Fears of Rally Reversal
Python: Guide to Context Manager & How do they work?
Google Announces 200M Parameter AI Forecasting Model TimesFM
Mobile OS maker Jolla is back and building an AI device
Writer's latest models can generate text from images including charts and graphs
Intenseye, which uses computer vision to spot risks and enhance workplace safety, raised a $64M Series B led by Lightspeed, bringing its total funding to $90M (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Making clean, scalable fusion power plants a reality: An interview with Proxima co-founder and CEO Francesco Sciortino
A High Level Guide to LLM Evaluation Metrics
Guide to using TensorFlow in Rust
What If the Worst AI Fear Is AI Fear Itself?
AI-based photo editing app PhotoRoom raised $43M led by Balderton Capital at a $500M valuation, says it has 150M+ downloads and processes ~5B images annually (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
1,000-year-old 'Naked Man' festival ends due to Japan's aging population
What are React Server Components (RSCs)?
Hologic to unveil groundbreaking AI Research at ECR 2024
The Real Risk of Google's Race Riot; Why Microsoft Took a Stake in Mistral; Your Next House Could Be Built With LLMs
As data takes center stage, Codified wants to bring flexibility to governance
Red-hot gen AI startup Photoroom raises $43m round at $500m valuation
How much is that Frosty? Wendy's to trial Uber-like surge pricing
Nvidia GeForce Now will start showing ads to free tier users
Advanced RAG 05: Exploring Semantic Chunking
GitHub's Copilot Enterprise hits general availability
Ryght, Lucem Health to advance disease detection and treatment with AI
LangGraph for Code Generation
Daily AI News Summary (02/27/2024)
Confirmed: Photoroom, the AI image editor, raised $43M at a $500M valuation
Please include CSIRO, AI, and Australia in the Title and any other relevant brands if it makes sense.
Microsoft's GitHub Offers Companies Souped-Up AI Coding Tool
Educators teaching AI literacy to students should include ethics in their lesson plans, scholars say
How would an AI turn out if you raised it like a child?
Unlocking the potential of entity-centric knowledge graphs: transforming healthcare and beyond
Intro to DSPy: Goodbye Prompting, Hello Programming!
Boffins caution against allowing robots to run on AI models
The 'Wizard of Wharton' says a tech bubble may be forming - and AI stocks like Nvidia could crash
Get more out of XAI: 10 Tips
How to Learn Python Basics With ChatGPT
CareView Communications unveils Software Release 5.11
How To Create an AI Photo App with Python
Empathetic AI: Transforming Mental Healthcare and Beyond with Emotional Intelligence
OpenAI Seeks to Dismiss Parts of The New York Times's Lawsuit
Reduce Quantum Noise with Wolfram Language and Fire Opal
Dun & Bradstreet Report Reveals Latest Data Trends Across Organizations
People buy beer during hurricanes
What to do with your Vision Pro
Carolyn Harvey, Chief Operations Officer at LXT   Interview Series
Cops Called to 'Willy Wonka Experience' as Crying Children Realize AI Ads Were Lies
What are your interests outside of Data Science?
Microsoft Present AI Controller Interface: Generative AI with a Lightweight, LLM-Integrated Virtual Machine (VM)
The Media Revolution Will Be Prompted
How DeepMind's Genie AI could reshape robotics by generating interactive worlds from images
Meta gears up for election season with new labels for AI-generated content
[D] Just got access to 4x A100 40GB, what should I train to stress test it?
Meta Releases Aria Everyday Activities (AEA) Dataset: An Egocentric Multimodal Open Dataset Recorded Using Project Aria Glasses
The Humane AI Pin worked better than I expected   until it didn't
Filing: OpenAI asks a US federal judge to dismiss parts of NYT's copyright suit, alleging it  paid someone to hack OpenAI's products  and violated OpenAI's TOS (Blake Brittain/Reuters)
Structured knowledge from LLMs improves prompt learning for visual language models
Unleash the Power of AI to Boost Your Customer Connections
Looking Back on the Most Popular Virtual ODSC East 2023 Sessions
AI-Powered Work Assistant Glean Grabs $200M At $2.2B Valuation
Health, Location Data Should Be 'Off Limits' for AI, FTC Chair Says
[D] Isn't the idea of  generalizing outside of the distribution  in some sense, impossible?
GLIGEN, the Tool to Rule All AI Image Generators
Mistral Goes Large with Microsoft Deal, New Flagship Model
Responsive design and cross-device testing
Writer.com's Graph-Based RAG Alternative to Vector Retrieval
Unlock the Power of Small Language Model Phi-2 for Chat, Research, Coding, and More
Is this a fucking joke ?
What's it like growing up when your dad is Microsoft's CEO? Steve Ballmer's son gave an interview about it.
[Discussion] How is scale equivariance handled in SOTA Computer Vision Model?
Docs: Google is paying a handful of independent publishers a five-figure sum for one year to use an unreleased suite of generative AI tools to post stories (Mark Stenberg/Adweek)
Cops called after parents get tricked by AI-generated images of Wonka-like event
Researchers use AI, Google Street View to predict household energy costs on large scale
Copilot Use Cases for Front-end, Back-end and Full-stack Developers
GitHub Copilot Enterprise Ships
Police Called After AI-Generated  Willy Wonka Experience  Is a Sad Mess in Real Life
Using multimodal deep learning to detect malicious traffic with noisy labels
New AI model could streamline operations in a robotic warehouse
What is an AI PC? (And should you buy one?)
Apple's electric car project is dead
MWC Barcelona 2024: Humane Demonstrates Its Wearable Ai Pin
Experts Spotlight Industrial Metaverse Use Cases - MWC 2024
Internal docs: Tumblr staff compiled users' data in preparation for deals where Automattic would sell the data to OpenAI and Midjourney to train AI tools (Samantha Cole/404 Media)
OpenAI claims New York Times 'hacked' ChatGPT to build copyright lawsuit
Gemini AI is coming to Google Messages: Here's how to use it
Users Say Microsoft's AI Has Alternate Personality as Godlike AGI That Demands to Be Worshipped
Huawei Builds an AI Model for Telcos   MWC 2024
Sources: Apple is winding down Project Titan, its decade-long effort to make an electric car; employees on some car teams will move to Apple's AI division (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Nvidia AI GPU buyers are selling surplus hardware as supply constraints ease
Major news websites block AI crawlers specifically from OpenAI
Regurgitated 'American Pie' adds sour taste to GenAI copyright claims
R.I.P. Apple's Electric Car
Live CEOing Ep 770: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Optimizing Table, Multi, and More]
Transcribe a live phone call with Python - Flask tutorial
Would You Sell Your Voice?
What Does AI Buy Us or Cost Us?: Views From the Financial Industry
Geometry for Programmers - First Chapter Summary
Telco Giants Embrace AI to Power New Revenue Streams   MWC 2024
Klarna says OpenAI's AI agent does the work of 700 support agents
All the AI photo forensics out there, can you actually tell that this image was AI generated?   This is straight from Midjourney v6, no edits or anything  what am i missing here?
OpenAI Accuses the New York Times of 'Hacking' ChatGPT
AI Product Photo Platform Photoroom Receives $43 Million in Funding
Meta might demo a pair of 'true' AR smart glasses later in 2024
LangGraph + Function Call + Web Scraper = Multi-Agent Application
OpenAI says New York Times 'paid someone to hack OpenAI's products' in federal court filing
The ghosts of the past: Pop music is haunted by our anxieties about the future
AI Chatbots Not Ready for Election Prime Time, Study Shows
Research introduces new approach for detecting deepfakes
Tumblr's owner is striking deals with OpenAI and Midjourney for training data, says report
Top Public Sector Developer Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Tumblr and WordPress posts will reportedly be used for OpenAI and Midjourney training
Man Running AI-Powered Porn Site Horrified by What Users Are Asking For
AI among us: Social media users struggle to identify AI bots during political discourse
Video: Build a RAG-Powered Chatbot in Five Minutes
Shein's IPO and Nvidia's $70M Florida Supercomputer | Bloomberg Technology
WordPress and Tumblr Plan to Sell User Content to AI Companies
HPE, Juniper to Deliver Modern AI Architecture   MWC 2024
Google Is Paying News Outlets to Unleash an Avalanche of AI Slop
What will happen to traditional software development
Can Machine Learning Evolve Beyond Public Data Limits? This Research from China Introduces OpenFedLLM: Pioneering Collaborative and Privacy-Preserving Training of Large Language Models Using Federated Learning
Researchers at Stanford Unveil C3PO: A Novel Machine Learning Approach for Context-Sensitive Customization of Large Language Models
New foundation model  Evo  unlocks sequence modeling and design at the genomic scale
GitHub ships GitHub Copilot Enterprise
Enter the gridworld: Using geometry to detect danger in AI environments
Meta braces for AI manipulation during next EU elections
Today in tech layoffs: Sony Interactive and Expedia
Open Letter: Substack Needs an AI Category
Google is reportedly paying publishers thousands of dollars to use its AI to write stories
Revolutionizing Task-Oriented Dialogues: How FnCTOD Enhances Zero-Shot Dialogue State Tracking with Large Language Models
Gemini Advanced failed these simple coding tests that ChatGPT aced. Here's what it got wrong
HONOR CEO George Zhao Outlines AI Vision
OpenAI claims the Times cheated to get ChatGPT to regurgitate articles
The Most Expensive Peace Army
Apple Kills Its Electric Car Project
[R] LLM Training with > 10,000 GPUs
Apple just killed its electric car project, shifting focus to generative AI
What is GitHub Copilot Enterprise? You and your org just might find out firsthand
Revolutionizing Web Experiences with AI-Generated 3D Scenes
OpenAI accuses NYT of hacking ChatGPT to set up copyright suit
All you need is Wide Events, not  Metrics, Logs and Traces
AI could influence 'the whole future of war,' starting with gaming out the next fight, experts say
Apple's Titan(ic) iCar project is dead as self-driving dream fails to materialize
Lenovo's Transparent Display Laptop and AI PCs   MWC 2024
US military pulls the trigger, uses AI to target air strikes
iPhone Creator Suggests Opinions Drive Innovation, not Data
Your Invitation to Take a Quantum Leap in Education
AIs serve up 'garbage' to questions about voting and elections
Is developing on Apple's M1 and M2 chips still a pain?
This AI Paper from UC Berkeley Advances Machine Learning by Integrating Language and Video for Unprecedented World Understanding with Innovative Neural Networks
The Zen of Python, Unix, and LLMs with Simon Willison
Baidu Needs to Seize AI Advantage to Erase 30% Drop: Tech Watch
With what technique would you tackle this puzzle (free flow)? More info in comments. [D]
Does Big Data Still Need Stacks?
Microsoft AI Research Introduces UFO: An Innovative UI-Focused Agent to Fulfill User Requests Tailored to Applications on Windows OS, Harnessing the Capabilities of GPT-Vision
TimesFM: Google's Foundation Model For Time-Series Forecasting
Sora vs. Mulholland Drive
A review of Claude, Gemini, GPT-4, Llama 2, and Mixtral found the models often provided inaccurate or misleading election information; GPT-4 performed the best (Proof)
Safe Content, Happy Users: Azure AI Content Safety
This AI Paper Boldly Quantizes the Weight Matrices of LLMs to 1-Bit: Paving the Way for the Extremely Low Bit-Width Deployment of LLMs
The Boundary of Neural Network Training is Fractal - across up to 10 orders of magnitude
Python: How to Use a Generator Function
Reducing Cloud Waste a Top Priority in 2024, FinOps Foundation Says
Apple, Now Carless, Faces Renewed Questions About Growth
Apple cancels decade-long work on electric car and will shift staff to focus on generative AI
NVIDIA's Nemotron-4 15B Dominates Multilingual Domain, Defeating 4 Larger Rivals
OpenAI claims New York Times paid someone to 'hack' ChatGPT
Amazon's Road House reboot is accused of copyright infringement   and AI voice cloning
Cracking the Sudoku Code: Validating Your 9x9 Board
Klarna claims its ChatGPT-powered AI chatbot handles two-thirds of all customer service chats and does the equivalent work of 700 full-time human agents (Christopher Zara/Fast Company)
Google AI Introduces LLM Comparator: A Step Towards Understanding the Evaluation of Large Language Models
[D]Recent literature related to Convex Optimization?
Testcontainers
Apple Cancellation of Car Effort Boosts Urgency of Bets on AI, Headset
In abandoning plans for a self-driving car, Apple is giving up on billions in potential revenue and hoping AI, Vision Pro, and other bets make up the difference (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
GitHub Copilot Enterprise is now Generally Available at $39/ Month
[D] Advice for the next step of researchers (postdoc/PhD) who do interdisciplinary AI
Retrieval is Accurate Generation
AmbigNLG: Addressing Task Ambiguity in Instruction for NLG
Defending Against Disinformation Attacks in Open-Domain Question Answering
Beyond prompt brittleness: Evaluating the reliability and consistency of political worldviews in LLMs
Training-Free Long-Context Scaling of Large Language Models
Can GPT-4 Identify Propaganda? Annotation and Detection of Propaganda Spans in News Articles
Meet Feast (Feature Store): An Open-Source Feature Store for Machine Learning
BASES: Large-scale Web Search User Simulation with Large Language Model based Agents
Bias-Reduced Neural Networks for Parameter Estimation in Quantitative MRI
Enhancing EEG-to-Text Decoding through Transferable Representations from Pre-trained Contrastive EEG-Text Masked Autoencoder
PersonaLLM: Investigating the Ability of Large Language Models to Express Personality Traits
Deep Learning Based Named Entity Recognition Models for Recipes
Adaptive Chameleon or Stubborn Sloth: Revealing the Behavior of Large Language Models in Knowledge Conflicts
Connecting Large Language Models with Evolutionary Algorithms Yields Powerful Prompt Optimizers
Unleashing the Potential of Large Language Models as Prompt Optimizers: An Analogical Analysis with Gradient-based Model Optimizers
Linguistic Knowledge Can Enhance Encoder-Decoder Models (If You Let It)
According to ... : Prompting Language Models Improves Quoting from Pre-Training Data
Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities
REAR: A Relevance-Aware Retrieval-Augmented Framework for Open-Domain Question Answering
Consistency Matters: Explore LLMs Consistency From a Black-Box Perspective
Benchmarking GPT-4 on Algorithmic Problems: A Systematic Evaluation of Prompting Strategies
Are LLMs Capable of Data-based Statistical and Causal Reasoning? Benchmarking Advanced Quantitative Reasoning with Data
Investigating Continual Pretraining in Large Language Models: Insights and Implications
Preference Ranking Optimization for Human Alignment
A Frustratingly Simple Decoding Method for Neural Text Generation
FAIR Enough: How Can We Develop and Assess a FAIR-Compliant Dataset for Large Language Models' Training?
How Good is ChatGPT at Face Biometrics? A First Look into Recognition, Soft Biometrics, and Explainability
Abstract Meaning Representation-Based Logic-Driven Data Augmentation for Logical Reasoning
Spot the bot: Coarse-Grained Partition of Semantic Paths for Bots and Humans
A Piece of Theatre: Investigating How Teachers Design LLM Chatbots to Assist Adolescent Cyberbullying Education
Memo: Google CEO Sundar Pichai calls Gemini's problematic responses around race  completely unacceptable  and vows to make structural changes to fix the problem (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
Neural Automated Writing Evaluation with Corrective Feedback
Emotional Voice Messages (EMOVOME) database: emotion recognition in spontaneous voice messages
Crazy research out of Alibaba group
Extreme Miscalibration and the Illusion of Adversarial Robustness
Manu Jain's Second Act in India
Case-Based or Rule-Based: How Do Transformers Do the Math?
Dealing with Data for RE: Mitigating Challenges using NLP and Generative AI
Pretrained Visual Uncertainties
Exploiting Emotion-Semantic Correlations for Empathetic Response Generation
Looking Right is Sometimes Right: Investigating the Capabilities of Decoder-only LLMs for Sequence Labeling
LDB: A Large Language Model Debugger via Verifying Runtime Execution Step-by-step
How Far Can 100 Samples Go? Unlocking Overall Zero-Shot Multilingual Translation via Tiny Multi-Parallel Data
Benchmarking Data Science Agents
BS-Diff: Effective Bone Suppression Using Conditional Diffusion Models from Chest X-Ray Images
Prescribing Large Language Models for Perioperative Care: What's The Right Dose for Pre-trained Models?
From Text Segmentation to Smart Chaptering: A Novel Benchmark for Structuring Video Transcriptions
EvalLM: Interactive Evaluation of Large Language Model Prompts on User-Defined Criteria
Enhancing Retrieval Processes for Language Generation with Augmented Queries
Agent-Pro: Learning to Evolve via Policy-Level Reflection and Optimization
Small Language Models Fine-tuned to Coordinate Larger Language Models improve Complex Reasoning
NextLevelBERT: Investigating Masked Language Modeling with Higher-Level Representations for Long Documents
LangGPT: Rethinking Structured Reusable Prompt Design Framework for LLMs from the Programming Language
SongComposer: A Large Language Model for Lyric and Melody Composition in Song Generation
A Neural Rewriting System to Solve Algorithmic Problems
COCOA: CBT-based Conversational Counseling Agent using Memory Specialized in Cognitive Distortions and Dynamic Prompt
Weighted Monte Carlo augmented spherical Fourier-Bessel convolutional layers for 3D abdominal organ segmentation
DrAttack: Prompt Decomposition and Reconstruction Makes Powerful LLM Jailbreakers
Towards Optimal Learning of Language Models
Fine-Grained Natural Language Inference Based Faithfulness Evaluation for Diverse Summarisation Tasks
NevIR: Negation in Neural Information Retrieval
When do Generative Query and Document Expansions Fail? A Comprehensive Study Across Methods, Retrievers, and Datasets
HeySQuAD: A Spoken Question Answering Dataset
Few-Shot Dialogue Summarization via Skeleton-Assisted Prompt Transfer in Prompt Tuning
Tower: An Open Multilingual Large Language Model for Translation-Related Tasks
Nissist: An Incident Mitigation Copilot based on Troubleshooting Guides
Successfully Guiding Humans with Imperfect Instructions by Highlighting Potential Errors and Suggesting Corrections
Predict the Next Word:
Few-shot Transfer Learning for Knowledge Base Question Answering: Fusing Supervised Models with In-Context Learning
Salesforce Announces the Public Beta Availability of Einstein Copilot
Improving LVLM Efficiency: ALLaVA's Synthetic Dataset and Competitive Performance
Why Did Tesla Build a ChatGPT for Vehicles?
Meta AI Introduces MAGNET: The First Pure Non-Autoregressive Method for Text-Conditioned Audio Generation
BABILong: Revolutionizing Long Document Processing through Recurrent Memory Augmentation in NLP Models
50 First Dates with MemGPT
Google wants regulators to take Microsoft down a notch before it stifles AI
Google Left in 'Terrible Bind' by Pulling AI Feature After Right-Wing Backlash
Question-Answering Systems: Overview of Main Architectures
Google CEO says Gemini AI diversity errors are 'completely unacceptable'
Google Gives Publishers Beta Access to AI in Exchange for Content
Redis Unveils Redis Vector Library for Generative AI Development
NVIDIA & ServiceNow Introduce Generative AI Solutions for Telecom
Nvidia lures autonomous car boss from China's Baidu
Europe probes Microsoft's  15M stake in AI upstart Mistral
Generative AI News Rundown - ChatGPT Goes to College, The Government Investigates Gen AI, Google Faces Precarious Choices, and More - 370
Managing unexpected data at runtime in Typescript
Apple halts electric car project Titan after decadelong pursuit
NVIDIA's Nemotron-4 15B Beats Mistral, Gemma, and Llama 2 in Reasoning
How to Test Graph Quality to Improve Graph Machine Learning Performance
What is Vector Similarity Search?
Could the future of AI lie in immersive reality?
Generative AI News Rundown - Meta's GPU Hoard, ByteDance Models, Deceptive LLMs, Copilot, Google, 1X, and More - Ep 369
Google CEO Blasts 'Unacceptable' Gemini Image Generation Failure
Tumblr and WordPress Join Reddit in the Sellout Club
Lightricks announces AI-powered filmmaking studio to help creators visualize stories
How to cultivate a high-signal AI feed
Illuminating the life of a cell
OpenAI claims NYT 'hacked' ChatGPT for copyright lawsuit
Gemma by Google DeepMind: Shattering Expectations in AI with State-of-the-Art Language Models!
Google chief admits 'biased' AI tool's photo diversity offended users
Vector Database for LLMs, Generative AI, and Deep Learning
Securing GenAI in the Enterprise
[R] The Era of 1-bit LLMs: All Large Language Models are in 1.58 Bits
Clarifai hires Chris Kent as SVP Marketing
Baidu's Revenue Climbs after AI Helps it Weather China Downturn
GPT-4 On-the-Fly DataVisualization Tools: A Simple Mapping Example
What is Sora? A new generative AI tool could transform video production   and amplify risks
AI Replaces 700 Jobs at Klarna
Beyond programming: AI spawns a new generation of job roles
Baidu reports Q4 revenue up 6% YoY to ~$4.9B and net income down 48% YoY to ~$366M, as chatbot Ernie, which has 100M+ users, began to augment its ads business (Zheping Huang/Bloomberg)
Apple's electric car crash shows even a $2.8 trillion company can't burn cash forever
Diffusion transformers are the key behind OpenAI's Sora   and they're set to upend GenAI
Families Scammed by AI Images That Promised Willy Wonka-Style Event
Rise of Local LLMs ?
Google AI Introduces an Open Source Machine Learning Library for Auditing Differential Privacy Guarantees with only Black-Box Access to a Mechanism
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg met with LG executives in South Korea to discuss a stronger partnership on XR devices as well as a potential collaboration in AI (Joyce Lee/Reuters)
Bill Gates Praises India's Unique AI Capabilities
Product Database: AI workplace productivity tools
Mark Zuckerberg's Asia trip is all about making AI friends
LTIMindtree Joins IBM Network to Advance the Quantum Innovation Ecosystem
Together AI Releases Biological Foundational Model Evo
Build a Python Keylogger
Arm Eyes AI with Its Latest Neoverse Cores and Subsystems
TNW Podcast: Zeynep Yavuz talks European tech, Mistral and SiloAI release new LLMs
[Discussion] Dynamical Models
Microsoft Introduces 1-Bit LLM
Google CEO Sundar Pichai Says Its Malfunctioning Gemini AI Is 'Unacceptable'
Review: AMD Radeon RX 7900 GRE GPU doesn't quite earn its  7900  label
Santander Online Bank to Offer AI-Based Price Targets for Stocks
Enterprise mobility 2024: Welcome, genAI
African Data Center Firm Teraco to Build Out Giant Power Plant
Microsoft's GitHub offers companies souped-up AI coding tool
How an AI Assistant took over 700 Jobs?
Top 11 Data Centre Projects in India 2024
Intapp announces vertical AI capabilities
Google chief says the company got it wrong after Gemini's responses sparked a bitter backlash. Read the full memo.
AI is banned from Federal Judge Brantley Starr's courtroom
South Florida PBS Health Channel partners with Isabel Healthcare
OpenAI accuses New York Times of paying someone to  hack  ChatGPT
Mastering Traffic Management: A Comprehensive Istio Lab Guide
Nvidia is allegedly punishing customers with shipment delays, former AMD VP labels it a  GPU cartel
Biggest Thai Bank to Buy Home Credit Vietnam for $860 Million
The Blender Handbook for 3D Point Cloud Visualization and Rendering
Neural Network Diffusion: Generating High-Performing Neural Network Parameters
Google's Genie Can Reshape Interactive Video Games Creation
Presentation: In-Process Analytical Data Management with DuckDB
Spanish Founders Unveil AI-powered Social Media App Rili AI in India
Aal Izz Well, Google
The AI project pushing local languages to replace French in Mali's schools
Microsoft Expands AI Reach with Partnership with French Start-up Mistral
Apprio featured in a new KLAS Emerging Insights Case Study
AI the new obsession for venture capital investing
Beyond GPT-4: Dive into Fudan University's LONG AGENT and Its Revolutionary Approach to Text Analysis!
OpenAI seeks dismissal of parts of NY Times copyright suit
Revolutionizing Video Editing: How LAVE and AI are Democratizing Creative Expression
Call-Center Firm Sinks on Klarna Claims AI Is Doing Agents' Jobs
This AI Paper Unveils the Key to Extending Language Models to 128K Contexts with Continual Pretraining
The most popular neural network styles and how they work
GlobalData releases new thematic report,  Tech M&A Regulation
AI-Crafted Worlds: GENIE explained - First GAME AI
AI Development Using a Tablet and a Local Server
A survey on federated learning: A perspective from multi-party computation
Meta Wants Llama 3 to Handle Contentious Questions as Google Grapples With Gemini Backlash
Google CEO slams 'completely unacceptable' Gemini AI errors
Struggling to Pick the Right AI Model? Let's Break It Down.
The New York Times allegedly paid someone to  hack  OpenAI's models via prompting
OpenAI says New York Times 'hacked' ChatGPT to build copyright lawsuit
Gemini Ultra, Google's Most Powerful LLM, is Now Public
Unlock Your LLM Coding Potential with StarCoder2
Mistral Large with Function Calling - Review and Code
Reddit discovers HILARIOUS ethical failures in GPT 3.5, Gemini - GPT4 and Claude  pass  the test
How does Groq LPU work? (w/ Head of Silicon Igor Arsovski!)
Ola's Krutrim is a Joke | Bhavish Aggarwal's AI Blunder
Researchers design open-source AI algorithms to protect power grid from fluctuations caused by renewables and EVs
Can ChatGPT Replace Google? Answered After Comparing Them
SambaNova now offers a bundle of generative AI models
How AI Is Redefining Journalism
OpenCommit: feature-rich CLI to generate meaningful git commit messages now supports local models via Ollama
StarCoder 2 is a code-generating AI that runs on most GPUs
Laurie Anderson on making an AI chatbot of Lou Reed: 'I'm totally, 100%, sadly addicted'
[R] Higher Layers Need More LoRA Experts
Data Alchemy: Transformative ML Workflows with DVC & DVClive
Google's Gemma vs Microsoft's Phi-2 vs Mistral on Summarisation
Why One Photographer Thinks 'AI Is the Best Thing to Ever Happen to Photography'
OpenAI: NY Times 'Hacked' ChatGPT So It Could Sue Us
Memo: SBF's lawyers suggest a short sentence of five to six years in prison, citing medical conditions, including autism, and his philanthropic giving (Caitlin Ostroff/Wall Street Journal)
What to know about Mistral AI: The company behind the latest GPT-4 rival
Understand ChatGPT Better Than 99% of People
Gaxos Health forms Medical Advisory Board
Grand Theft Auto and AI help team turn dog pics into 3D models
Active speaker detection on video that's 90% faster
Toronto-based Ideogram, which is introducing a text-to-image AI model that generates images with legible text, raised an $80M Series A led by a16z (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
When everything online is AI generated...
Diffusion Transformer Explained
RIP to the Apple Car, we hardly knew ye
Geotab to demonstrate Geotab Ace at Mobile World Congress
LLMs Aren't Just for Chat Apps   They Can Boost Pharma Sales Teams' Customer Reach, Too
A Brief History of the Open Source AI Hacker - with Ben Firshman of Replicate
Adobe's new prototype generative AI tool is the 'Photoshop' of music-making and editing
Hyundai-backed autonomous company Motional cuts 5% of workforce
Klarna deepens automation fears with claim AI assistant does work of 700 people
Is RAG All You Need? A Look at the Limits of Retrieval Augmentation
GameScent uses audio cues and AI to bring smells to video games
Microsoft Probes Reports Bot Issued Bizarre, Harmful Responses
Morph Studio lets you make flims using Stability AI-generated clips
The AI Chat Landscape: HuggingChat's Open Source Option
How Google Used Your Data to Improve their Music AI
How EMO turns audio into a realistic talking head
The Vulnerabilities and Security Threats Facing Large Language Models
AI Con USA: Navigate the Future of AI
Klanra CEO Boasts His AI Can Do Work of 700 People After Laying Off 700 People in 2022
AI Grifters Fill Amazon With Kara Swisher Memoir Ripoffs
How Selective Forgetting Can Help AI Learn Better
Nividous is sponsoring and exhibiting at HIMSS 2024
The Mistral AI: Unpacking Le Chat's Capabilities and Controversies
Reinforcement Learning 101: Q-Learning
Apple Shareholders Vote Down Request for AI Transparency Report
How to Tune the Perfect Smoother
The Apple Car never felt real
Adobe's New Generative AI Turns Text Prompts into Music
Startup Ideogram Raises $80 Million for AI Image Generation
[D] What does a production level RAG Application really consist of
This AI Tool Streamlines Enterprise Workflows by Analyzing Images
Online toxicity can only be countered by humans and machines working together, say researchers
Google CEO Admits Its AI Totally Screwed Up
Adobe unveils Project Music GenAI Control, a platform that can generate audio from text descriptions or a reference melody and let users customize the results (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Startups Are Using Questionable Metrics in an Effort to Raise Capital
Bounded Kernel Density Estimation
Make a RAG-Powered Web Service with Qdrant and Rust
Adobe reveals a GenAI tool for music
Tim Cook says Apple will  break new ground  on generative AI this year; Apple shareholders reject a request for report into whether Apple is using AI ethically (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
YouTube Create expands to more countries - here's why you should try it
Klarna says its AI assistant is doing the work of 700 people after putting the brakes on hiring
Anamorph's generative technology reorders scenes to create unlimited versions of one film
Actor From Willy Wonka Fiasco Says AI-Generated Script Was 'Terrifying for the Kids'
Metas Llama 3 is set to release in July and could be a bit looser
Former Snap design lead debuts Shader, an AR creation tool that uses AI to generate custom effects
Samsung's new microSD cards could make on-device AI easier
It's the end of the road for the Apple Car
[R] The SpeechBrain toolkit version 1.0 is out!
As workers embrace AI, employers are slow to issue guidance
Dublin City Council partners with OpenAI for AI tourism project
CAST AI Report Shows Major Underuse of Cloud Resources in Kubernetes
The Role of AI in Stopping Rising Sea Levels
[D] Question about CNN blocks used for building modern CV algorithms
Google CEO says Gemini image generation failures were 'unacceptable'
Tumblr and WordPress data exploited for AI model training
ServiceNow, Hugging Face, and Nvidia expand StarCoder2 coding LLM
Ionic: Monetize your AI Agent for FREE!
Representation Engineering (Activation Hacking)
A Survey of Production RAG Pain Points and Solutions // Jerry Liu // AI in Production Conference
Q/A Livestream | February Livestream | Ask Me Anything!
Google boss Pichai calls history-distorting AI images  completely unacceptable
Amazon refuses to pay screenwriter for the right to reboot Road House
Nvidia Insiders Sell $80 Million in Stock After Earnings Surge
Shape Suffixes   Good Coding Style by Noam Shazeer [D]
Metas Llama 3 is set to release in July and could be twice the size
If you are an X Analyst, what is your salary?
Actor at Willy Wonka Disaster Says Even the Script Was AI-Generated
Pika Labs Makes AI-Generated Characters Talk With Lip Sync Feature
Apple's shareholders will let it keep its AI business under wraps
The Google Gemini conspiracy theory
Evaluating LLMs Through a Federated, Scenario-Writing Approach
As AI takes hold of your smartphone, the end of the app era could be in sight
90% faster active speaker detection on video
Generative AI Journeys with CDW UK's Chief Technologist
Data scientists: Still the sexiest job - if anyone would just listen to them
Mistral AI Unveils Mistral Large and Its Application in Conversational AI
Optimizing OpenFold Training for Drug Discovery
No One AI Model Will Rule the World
This Paper from Google DeepMind Explores Sparse Training: A Game-Changer in Machine Learning Efficiency for Reinforcement Learning Agents
[R] EMO: Emote Portrait Alive - Generating Expressive Portrait Videos with Audio2Video Diffusion Model under Weak Conditions
Qualcomm releases 80 locally deployable AI models
Parents Are Increasingly Saying 'No' to Posting Photos of Their Children
Digital Media Outlets Sue OpenAI for Copyright Infringement
Sam Altman on the future of AI
Enhancing Multi-Layer Perceptron Performance: Demystifying Optimizers
Google Quietly Paying Journalists to Generate Articles Using Unreleased AI
I tried Copilot Notebook: Microsoft's new AI tool offers two handy prompt features
Salesforce Outlook Disappoints as AI Fails to Spark Growth
The US Department of Defense is using ML algorithms to find airstrike targets
Tim Cook says Apple will 'break new ground' in GenAI this year
Microsoft faces scrutiny from EU after partnership with OpenAI rival Mistral
Duolingo Adds Users With New AI Content But Sees Growth Slowing
Amazon Kendra Overview
Toyota wants hydrogen to succeed so bad it's paying people to buy the Mirai
Raw Story, AlterNet, and, in a separate case, The Intercept sue OpenAI in a NY federal court for copyright infringement; The Intercept is also suing Microsoft (Yiwen Lu/New York Times)
Azure, AWS, and GCP
The Intercept, Raw Story, and AlterNet sue OpenAI and Microsoft
Microsoft Vows Fair AI Practices Amid Antitrust Scrutiny   MWC 2024
History of Science and Technology Q&A (February 28, 2024)
Self-Supervised Learning to Reconstruct Dynamic Scenarios at Scale - NVIDIA DRIVE Labs Ep. 33
Live CEOing Ep 771: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [NAND reduction, and More]
How To Optimize SQL - Jess Ramos - The Data Scientist Show #076
Why Did Google Rename Bard to Gemini?
Meet FinTral: A Suite of State-of-the-Art Multimodal Large Language Models (LLMs) Built Upon the Mistral-7B Model Tailored for Financial Analysis
IBM's AI-enhanced storage platform can identify ransomware in under a minute
Tim Cook: Apple to 'Break New Ground in Generative AI' Later This Year
RAG is Dead. Long Live RAG!
When will we get an AI version of one of these?
Tinkoff Researchers Unveil ReBased: Pioneering Machine Learning with Enhanced Subquadratic Architectures for Superior In-Context Learning
Data leaks can sink machine learning models
How to Keep a History of MQTT Data With Python
Apple Scraps Its EV Plans and Google Tries to Fix Gemini | Bloomberg Technology
Apple Puts Brakes on EV Plans to Focus on Gen AI
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 19/02 to 25/02
GitHub Copilot Review: Does it Really Give a 55% Speed Boost to Development?
EMO: Emote Portrait Alive - Generating Expressive Portrait Videos with Audio2Video Diffusion Model under Weak Conditions
Does anyone know of an AI story where a mistake in the input severely affected the expected output?
You can make Microsoft Copilot your default Android assistant now
Watch: Figure's humanoid robot just learned something new
Gemini on Android can't ID songs, and it's frustrating
Tracking The Great Salt Lake's Shrinkage Using Satellite Images (Python)
Gone in 60 seconds: BEAST AI model attack needs just a minute of GPU time to breach LLM guardails
PyAirbyte: Airbyte's New Python Library for Moving Data
The Intercept, Raw Story and AlterNet sue OpenAI for copyright infringement
What Good is Analysis of Variance?
AI-Driven Healthcare Revolution: MWC Conference Insights
That Viral Photo of a Man Smoking in McDonald's Was Made With AI
BEAST AI needs just a minute of GPU time to make an LLM fly off the rails
AI Is Already Changing How the US Wages War
AI Targeting, Used in US Airstrikes, Is Just The Beginning
C3.ai Names New CFO, Tenth to Hold Role In Less Than a Decade
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 19/02 to 25/02
Sources detail Apple's $10B+ car project: years of disagreements on whether it should be a self-driving car or just an EV, talks with Musk on buying Tesla, more (New York Times)
Review: Fine-tuned language models are zero-shot learners
OpenAI sued, again, for scraping and replicating news stories
What Snowflake's CEO Shake-Up Means
Packing and Unpacking in Python
[P] Speech-to-Text Benchmark: 47,638 mins transcribed per $1 on RTX3070 Ti (1000-fold cost reduction than managed services)
Salesforce's new data and AI hires are coming from areas of the country with 'high talent pools, low cost of living'
'Taiwan needs to find its own groove': what startups want from the next president
Analysts with Weird Degrees: What is it?
UC Berkeley Researchers Explore the Challenges of Subjective Queries in AI: Introducing the ConflictingQA Dataset for Enhanced Language Model Understanding
Meta AI Introduces TestGen-LLM for Automated Unit Test Improvement Using Large Language Models (LLMs)
Is using Ai on work in college cheating?
Alibaba Unveils Big Cloud Price Cuts as AI Rivalry Deepens
Emotion Based Prediction in the Context of Optimized Trajectory Planning for Immersive Learning
Reka AI Releases Reka Flash: An Efficient and Capable State-of-the-Art 21B Multimodal Language Model
[D] Chance to improve my profile for PhD after a terrible Ms thesis
Is Higher Ed Needed for Data Science Success?
Litify announces Record Performance In 2023
Cadence expands Tensilica Vision Family with new products
Generative AI: Differentiating disruptors from the disrupted
Detecting algorithmic bias in medical AI-models
Has someone made a tool that takes in audio and makes music out of it? That is, if I'm like, tapping on the desk and making a cool beat, can I get it turned into a drum track? Or if I hum something, turn it into another instrument?
Hamburg-based Heyflow raises $16m for no-code AI platform
Choosing the Right Number of Neighbors (k) for the K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) Algorithm
UK and France to collaborate on AI following Horizon membership
Unleash the Power of Google Gemini with Node.js: A Step-by-Step Guide
LegalDuet: Learning Effective Representations for Legal Judgment Prediction through a Dual-View Legal Clue Reasoning
Balancing Power and Policy: Navigating the Future of Compute Governance in Artificial Intelligence Development
Snowflake Announces Sridhar Ramaswamy as its New Chief
Zuckerberg Meets LG, Samsung Chiefs in Seoul as Meta Ramps Up AI Ambitions
How Google lost its way
Sridhar Ramaswamy named Chief Executive Officer of Snowflake
AIhub monthly digest: February 2024   causal relations in text, applied reinforcement learning, and AAAI 2024
BIBench: Benchmarking Data Analysis Knowledge of Large Language Models
MegaScale: Scaling Large Language Model Training to More Than 10,000 GPUs
US SEC Probes Whether OpenAI Investors Were Misled, WSJ Says
JFrog and Qwak create secure MLOps Workflows
Meta To Release Llama 3 in July, Outperforms GPT-4 and Gemini
The Story of RLHF: Origins, Motivations, Techniques, and Modern Applications
Do Text Simplification Systems Preserve Meaning? A Human Evaluation via Reading Comprehension
More news organizations sue OpenAI and Microsoft over copyright infringement
Are Your AI Conversations Safe? Exploring the Depths of Adversarial Attacks on Machine Learning Models
C3 AI announces CFO Leadership Transition
Change the vibe of your photos
From LLMs to LAMs: Pioneering AI's multimodal future
one of the Codia AI technologies: In-Depth Analysis of LLM
Meta's Zuckerberg woos big tech in Asia to double down on AI chips
Lunit presents Seven Study Results at ECR 2024
Tech firms say new Australian standards will make it harder for AI to protect online safety
AIs get better at maths if you tell them to pretend to be in Star Trek
Quality-Diversity Generative Sampling for Learning with Synthetic Data
US regulators investigate whether OpenAI investors were misled, say reports
Can You Even __init__.py?
Heard on the Street   2/29/2024
Privacy Policy Changed? Tech Cos, Keep me In the Loop
The UK is piloting the use of ChatGPT and open-source AI models to analyze responses to public consultations and write draft answers to parliamentary questions (Lucy Fisher/Financial Times)
Tech Mahindra to Build LLM for Indonesia on Project Indus Principles
Diffusion-Based Speech Enhancement with Joint Generative and Predictive Decoders
ServiceNow, Hugging Face, and Nvidia release free code-generating AI models StarCoder2-3B/7B/15B, the first two of which can run on most modern consumer GPUs (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Andrew Ng Unveils New Free Course on Llama 2 with Meta
LSEG sees double-digit growth across post-trade as exchange continues to reap benefits of acquisition push
These pioneering companies are working together to develop models for AI
Nvidia Blackwell flagship could be 60% or 70% faster than RTX 4090
Meet AnyGPT: Bridging Modalities in AI with a Unified Multimodal Language Model
AI chatbots designed to help hackers, using manipulated versions of models from companies like Meta, OpenAI, and Anthropic, are being sold on the dark web (Belle Lin/Wall Street Journal)
Accelerate Your Coding and productivity with Emmet
We must start preparing the US workforce for the effects of AI   now | Steven Greenhouse
[R] How to think step-by-step: A mechanistic understanding of chain-of-thought reasoning
Amazon AI Research Introduces BioBRIDGE: A Parameter-Efficient Machine Learning Framework to Bridge Independently Trained Unimodal Foundation Models to Establish Multimodal Behavior
DataRobot is Open to Hosting IndicLLMs on its Platform
Robotics Startups Hope the AI Era Means Their Time Has Come
Brown University Researchers Propose LexC-Gen: A New Artificial Intelligence Method that Generates Low-Resource-Language Classification Task Data at Scale
Govt Approves India's First Semiconductor Fab Led by Tata Group and PSMC
10 Futuristic Gadgets Announced at MWC 2024
Keysight introduces Keysight AI Data Center Test Platform
A Joint Study of Phrase Grounding and Task Performance in Vision and Language Models
Improving Low-resource Prompt-based Relation Representation with Multi-view Decoupling Learning
The ROI in AI (and how to find it)
Microsoft is working with Nvidia, AMD, and Intel to improve upscaling support in PC games
DriveSceneGen: Generating Diverse and Realistic Driving Scenarios from Scratch
Streamlining Giants
Nvidia's directors bagged $80 million last week in a selling spree following the company's blowout results
Klarna Says the Quiet Part Out Loud - Generative AI Can Replace a Lot of Contact Center Staff
Fully Convolutional Slice-to-Volume Reconstruction for Single-Stack MRI
Taiwan Sees Economy Rebounding This Year, Fueled by AI Demand
Shorthills AI, Databricks Partners to Simplify AI & Analytics for Businesses
YOLOv9 architectural details, the new SOTA Object Detector
Figure Raises $675M for Its Humanoid Robot Development
How Nvidia Came to Rule AI
Data-Driven Connectivity: The Telecom Revolution
Google DeepMind's new generative model makes Super Mario-like games from scratch
The Brain Behind Oracle Cloud
Solving the Valid Anagram Problem in Python
PC GPU shipments increased 20% last quarter, AI tipped to drive future growth
5 Free Courses to Master Statistics for Data Science
India approves $15B in semiconductor plant investments
Edge 374: Some Technical Details we Learned About OpenAI's Sora
Use ChatGPT for mock interviews if you want to land a job, says ex-Disney recruiter
Unlocking Document Intelligence: E2E Azure-Powered Chatbot with Vector-Based Search (Part 2   Q&A)
How is this creator making these videos?
Influencer Brand Fit (Beta)
We've been here before: AI promised humanlike machines   in 1958
The Download: quantum squeezing, and a game-building AI model
How to Get Started with Google's Gemini Large Language Model
Why Every Company Needs A 'GenAI Innovation Layer'
AIs are more accurate at math if you ask them to respond as if they are a Star Trek character &mdash; and we're not sure why
Ideogram 1.0 outshines Midjourney and DALL-E 3 with impressive text rendering
Figure rides the humanoid robot hype wave to $2.6B valuation
Survey on Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
13 Brutal Stories From People Swindled By Elon Musk Impersonation Scams
AI Can Now Bring Any Portrait to Life
AI Models for Document Summarization
Unlocking Document Intelligence: E2E Azure-Powered Chatbot with Vector-Based Search (Part 1  .
Sam Altman's OpenAI wants to get humanoid robots talking. Here's why.
Humanoid robot maker Figure AI confirms it has raised $675M at a $2.6B valuation and shows off a general-purpose robot called Figure 01 (Annie Palmer/CNBC)
Alibaba's EMO is going to flood TikTok and VTubers!!!
Joseph Machado, Senior Data Engineer @ LinkedIn talks best practices
Generative AI Means Coders Must Think Like Product Managers
Is Copilot's Sydney Back from the Dead? | AI agents | Rogue AI  | Alignment
2024 Themes and Trends in AI
Getting Started with Groq API | Making Near Real Time Chatting with LLMs Possible
Playground v2.5 Is Here!
What Is the Nature of Time?
Better Visualizations, Advanced ETL Techniques, RAG Pain Points, and Other February Must-Reads
Google brings Stack Overflow's knowledge base to Gemini for Google Cloud
Tim Cook says Apple will  break new ground  in generative AI this year
Real-Time Sentiment Analysis with Kafka and PySpark
Future of Programming: Will AI Replace Developers?
Abstracts: February 29, 2024
Arcads
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #14
Partners Applaud Intel Foundry's Wider Ecosystem Approach
UC Berkeley Researchers Unveil LoRA+: A Breakthrough in Machine Learning Model Finetuning with Optimized Learning Rates for Superior Efficiency and Performance
Cohere Outlines Enhanced Intellectual Property Legal Protections for Customers
A.I. Frenzy Complicates Efforts to Keep Power-Hungry Data Sites Green
Stack Overflow launches OverflowAPI to give AI companies access to its knowledge base, starting with Google, which will use the data for Gemini for Google Cloud (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
UK government wants to use AI to cut civil service jobs
Venus Williams brings her interior design skills to Palazzo, a new generative AI-powered platform
AI Girlfriends Aren't All Bad | AI Unlocked
Three more publishers sue OpenAI over ChatGPT copyright infringement claims
AI deepfakes are cheap, easy, and coming for the 2024 election
What are examples of questions ChatGPT 4 still can't solve?
TSMC founder foresees the need for up to 10 new fabs for AI chip manufacturing
Google's AI isn't too 'woke.' It's too rushed
How to make a turtle racing game in Python
The Wonka Experience Disaster Was AI's Fyre Fest
Exegy adds intraday data to iceberg order detection tool
Are Copilots Ready to Provision Your Infrastructure?
Behind Meta's Effort to Make Llama 3 More Engaging
Async vs Defer in JavaScript: Which is Better?
Brave's Leo AI assistant is now available to Android users
We've been here before: AI promised humanlike machines in 1958
5 Podcasts Every Machine Learning Enthusiast Should Follow
Neurala & Lattice Semiconductor to collaborate to Accelerate Edge AI
Briefing: Figma's new strategy, Instagram steals another Snap feature, Threads is beating X
Keep your Copilot and your code quality
Telstra Among APAC Telcos Seeking Innovation, Resilience and Growth in 2024
Microsoft outlines the new DirectSR API, which lets game developers integrate super resolution AI-upscaling features from Nvidia, AMD, and Intel (Jon Porter/The Verge)
New Microsoft-Backed Startup Wants to Make AI Work As Intended
AI-Powered Work Assistant Glean Raises $200M at a $2.2B Valuation
Windows 11 gets Microsoft Copilot plugins and more AI upgrades
Windows 11's new big update is full of AI and rolling out today - here's what's in it
Alibaba Open Sources EMO: Make Your Avatar Videos Sing Naturally
The FDA reportedly identified quality-control issues at a Neuralink animal lab shortly after Elon Musk said the startup was cleared to start human tests
Bosch, Microsoft to Use Generative AI to Make Roads Safer, Bosch Connected World 2024
Research team develops insect-mimicking sensor to detect motion
Revealed: the names linked to ClothOff, the deepfake pornography app
OpenAI Claims Foul Play by New York Times
Google CEO: Gemini's Racial Gaff is 'Completely Unacceptable'
Generative AI Can Help Save Brands as Hyper-Personalized Experiences, Heightened Demand Wins Consumers
Google delivers Gemini LLM support to BigQuery data warehouse
What I learned in 6 months of working on a CodeGen dev tool GPT Pilot
Synthesizing avatars into a 360-degree video provides a virtual walking experience
Google can't guarantee its Gemini genAI tool won't be biased
Gemma: Google Bringing Advanced AI Capabilities through Open Source
Photoshop for music? Adobe unveils new AI tools for audio
Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'GenAI will redefine the future'
It's not just Nvidia: The AI boom could create semiconductor jobs across the US and reduce reliance on risky Taiwan
Humanoid robot-maker Figure partners with OpenAI and gets backing from Jeff Bezos and tech giants
Nintendo Switch 2 rumors: 8nm Nvidia SoC, performance, pricing, and more
Top 10 AI Tools for Developers in 2024
Data Governance and Provenance: Two words that are critical to the future of generative AI
Why Large Language Models Won't Replace Human Coders
Crunchyroll's Hope for AI-Generated Subtitles Is a Disaster Waiting to Happen
Weighing chickens from an image [P]
Research explores industrial integration of artificial intelligence
Microsoft updates Windows 11 with improved Copilot, Widgets, and more
Sloan's Inbox: Am I too old to get into tech?
Examining the potential benefits and dangers of AI
AI could transform ethics committees
With Brain.ai, generative AI is the OS
New in VS Code: Voice Dictation, Improved Copilot AI
GIS and Python for Property Value Analysis, an ODSC East 50% Off Flash Sale, and Developing Credit.
Windows 11 Update Brings New Tricks to Microsoft Copilot
Introduction to Apache Iceberg
OpenAI and robotics startup Figure AI to develop next-gen AI models for humanoid robots
The AI Culture Wars Are Just Getting Started
Improving LLM Inference Latency on CPUs with Model Quantization
AMD's Market Value Tops $300 Billion on Wave of AI-Fueled Rally
Former Twitter engineers are building Particle, an AI-powered news reader, backed by $4.4M
Brave launches its AI-powered assistant Leo, which can create real-time summaries of webpages or videos, generate long form content, and more, on Android (Aisha Malik/TechCrunch)
Email at the Forefront of Cybersecurity Concerns: Insights from Perception Point's 2024 Cybersecurity Report
Microsoft plans to streamline game upscaling across different graphics cards
How Do I Keep Track of AI News Daily With ChatGPT?
Nvidia's Multi-Trillion Dollar Market Value Sparks Tech Rally
Google Pledges to Fix Gemini Calling Responses  Unacceptable
Google AI Proposes USER-LLM: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework that Leverages User Embeddings to Contextualize LLMs
Adding Intelligence to Databricks Search
StarCoder2 is a free code model trained on over 600 programming languages
Microsoft Says Copilot's Alternative Personality as a Godlike and Vengeful AGI Is an  Exploit, Not a Feature
JFrog says it found around a hundred malicious ML models on Hugging Face, some of which can backdoor users' machines (Bill Toulas/BleepingComputer)
8 AI Research Labs Pushing the Boundaries of Artificial Intelligence
[D] RAG- Dimensionality reduction for embeddings
Harnessing Persuasion in AI: A Leap Towards Trustworthy Language Models
Figure AI's $675 Million Breakthrough in Humanoid Robotics
White House Enters Debate on  Open  Versus  Closed  AI Systems
Free Site Reliability Engineering Course From Google + Uplimit
Alibaba researchers detail EMO, or Emote Portrait Alive, an AI system that can create realistic talking and singing videos from portrait photos (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Disrupting Ethically With AI: EY Thought Leadership - MWC 2024
Microsoft launches a Copilot for Finance in public preview; the chatbot can perform some common role-specific actions in Excel and Outlook (Jordan Novet/CNBC)
DeepMind's New AI Makes Games From Scratch!
Safety: A Top Priority at Google!
Why LLMs are not Good for Coding?
Upgrading Your Health: Navigating AI's Future In Healthcare with John Halamka of Mayo Clinic
The Reality of India's $50M Funded AI Startup!
Manning Introduces: Learn Generative AI with PyTorch
Live CEOing Ep 772: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Engine Connectivity Engineering]
I Was Wrong About AI Video...
Morph Studio turns your Stability AI-generated video clips into full films - here's how to try it
Warehouse logistics systems find efficiency and productivity benefits in lightweight augmented-reality headsets
New AI-powered software will allow broadcast radio stations to create fake listener calls and promotional spots
Canada lawyer under fire for submitting fake cases created by AI chatbot
TikTok company Bytedance is reportedly going all-in on generative AI
How to add a skeleton UI to Rails with Turbo
Unlocking the secrets of social bots: Research sheds light on AI's role in spreading disinformation
ViSNet: A general molecular geometry modeling framework for predicting molecular properties and simulating molecular dynamics
Meet Copilot for Finance, Microsoft's latest AI chatbot - here's how to preview it
Google's Gemini flop raises the question: What exactly do we want our chatbots to do, really?
The stacking ensemble method
How much are Nvidia's rivals investing in startups? We investigated
Big Data Career Notes: February 2024 Edition
The Ultimate Guide to Data Preparation for Machine Learning
Scalable Federated Learning with NVIDIA FLARE for Enhanced LLM Performance
Couchbase Bolsters GenAI Development with Vector Search, RAG
Sam Altman and OpenAI face numerous legal challenges
Vimeo's new AI hub vows to organize your team's videos every which way
Event: Speech and Generative AI Developer Day at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Dell Reports Sales That Top Estimates on AI Server Excitement
[D] Why is ViT more commonly used than SWIN?
Couchbase Adds Vector for Full Hybrid Search Capabilities
No, Sam Altman doesn't actually own half a billion dollars of Reddit stock
Google CEO Admits Gemini AI Image Failures: 'We Got It Wrong'
The Zen of Python, Unix, and LLMs
Meet CoLLaVO: KAIST's AI Breakthrough in Vision Language Models Enhancing Object-Level Image Understanding
Science Journal That Published 'Rat Dck' AI Gibberish Speaks Out
Video Series: Getting Started with Universal Scene Description (OpenUSD)
GGUF, the long way around
Google's Deal With StackOverflow Is the Latest Proof That AI Giants Will Pay for Data
After 6 Months of Working on a CodeGen Dev Tool (GPT Pilot), This Is What I Learned
Google, Microsoft Risk Ongoing Backlash by Pushing Ahead With Flawed AI
Embracing the Era of 1-Bit LLMs: Microsoft & UCAS's BitNet b1.58 Redefines Efficiency
Sam Altman Under SEC Investigation for Potentially Misleading Investors
Google officially ingesting Stack Overflow data
Lou Reed's Widow Resurrected Him as an AI,  Sadly Addicted  to Talking to It
This AI Paper from Meta AI Explores Advanced Refinement Strategies: Unveiling the Power of Stepwise Outcome-based and Process-based Reward Models
Stack Overflow opens API to Google's Gemini
Architecting with AI: How GitHub Copilot Shapes the Future of Cloud Solutions
Microsoft Research Introduces GraphRAG: A Unique Machine Learning Approach that Improves Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Performance Using Large Language Model (LLM) Generated Knowledge Graphs
Top Synthetic Data Generation Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Google DeepMind's Genie Makes Super Mario-like Games from Images
Datasette 1.0a12
AI-generated articles prompt Wikipedia to downgrade CNET's reliability rating
Inside Sora: OpenAI's Amazing Video Generation Model
This Week's Most Read: Gemini's Image Flaws, Protecting Your Job from AI
The Who's Who of AI just chipped in to fund humanoid robot startup Figure
New Report Highlights Huge Impact of AI on Cybersecurity Industry
S.E.C. Is Investigating OpenAI Over Its Board's Actions
The downstream consequences of Google's graying loom large: a talent exodus, stale products, and an overreliance on its advertising cash cow.
Humanoid Robot Maker Signs Deal to Put OpenAI Tech in Their Brains
Innovating Customer Experience Management: The Role of Data in Crafting Personalized Customer Journeys
Email: GM told Cruise employees that a third party had estimated the self-driving unit's internal share price at $11.80, down from $24.27 just one quarter ago (Greg Bensinger/Reuters)
Prompt Engineering Fundamentals - Generative AI For Beginners (v1)
EMO AI by Alibaba has amazing capabilities ... !!
Beyond Cost Saving: 5 Key Benefits of Outsourcing Automated Data Processing Across Industries
DeepMind introduces Hawk and Griffin [R]
Why is ViT more commonly used than SWIN?
Endatabas
From Large Language Models to Large Multimodal Models
NVIDIA Inception VC Alliance Spotlight: Mayfield
Figuring out how the world works: causality in a world full of real people
AMA with Wolfram Education Programs Team
GenAI case studies - Erik Gafni - The Data Scientist Show #082
Are LLMs safe?
REPORT: Llama 3 Coming in July (with Fewer Guardrails)
EP53: Mistral Large, Forecasting with LLMs, The Gemini Pile On & Is CoPilot Using GPT-4.5?
Figure raises $675M at $2.6B Valuation; inks collaboration with OpenAI
How do Large Language Models Handle Multilingualism?
HPE blames GPU shortage for contributing to unexpected sales slide
Karnataka Govt Co-Launches Initiative to Train Women in AI
Functional Benchmarks for Robust Evaluation of Reasoning Performance, and the Reasoning Gap
Improving Legal Judgement Prediction in Romanian with Long Text Encoders
BPDec: Unveiling the Potential of Masked Language Modeling Decoder in BERT pretraining
Re-Reading Improves Reasoning in Large Language Models
Inappropriate Pause Detection In Dysarthric Speech Using Large-Scale Speech Recognition
How to Design a Data-Driven Story?
Amazon to spend $1 billion on startups that combine AI with robots
Teaching Large Language Models an Unseen Language on the Fly
GSM-Plus: A Comprehensive Benchmark for Evaluating the Robustness of LLMs as Mathematical Problem Solvers
AdaMergeX: Cross-Lingual Transfer with Large Language Models via Adaptive Adapter Merging
Principal Component Analysis as a Sanity Check for Bayesian Phylolinguistic Reconstruction
On the Scaling Laws of Geographical Representation in Language Models
Safe Reinforcement Learning in a Simulated Robotic Arm
ARTiST: Automated Text Simplification for Task Guidance in Augmented Reality
How to Understand  Support ? An Implicit-enhanced Causal Inference Approach for Weakly-supervised Phrase Grounding
Cognitive Overload: Jailbreaking Large Language Models with Overloaded Logical Thinking
[D] AI OSS projects open to contributors?
Marlabs Wants to Make India the Hub for its AI Initiatives
Controllable Preference Optimization: Toward Controllable Multi-Objective Alignment
OK-Robot: What Really Matters in Integrating Open-Knowledge Models for Robotics
CoT-BERT: Enhancing Unsupervised Sentence Representation through Chain-of-Thought
Updating Language Models with Unstructured Facts: Towards Practical Knowledge Editing
Evaluating Psychological Safety of Large Language Models
OpenMedLM: Prompt engineering can out-perform fine-tuning in medical question-answering with open-source large language models
Evaluating Webcam-based Gaze Data as an Alternative for Human Rationale Annotations
PRSA: Prompt Reverse Stealing Attacks against Large Language Models
Towards Tracing Trustworthiness Dynamics: Revisiting Pre-training Period of Large Language Models
Utilizing Local Hierarchy with Adversarial Training for Hierarchical Text Classification
SemEval 2024 -- Task 10: Emotion Discovery and Reasoning its Flip in Conversation (EDiReF)
$\\texttt{COSMIC}$: Mutual Information for Task-Agnostic Summarization Evaluation
Exploring the Efficacy of Large Language Models in Summarizing Mental Health Counseling Sessions: A Benchmark Study
Reducing Hallucinations in Entity Abstract Summarization with Facts-Template Decomposition
SEC is Inquiring OpenAI For the Fire-Hire Brouhaha
PlanGPT: Enhancing Urban Planning with Tailored Language Model and Efficient Retrieval
Markov Chain Monte Carlo: Made Simple Once and For All
A Study of Acquisition Functions for Medical Imaging Deep Active Learning
A Preliminary Study of the Intrinsic Relationship between Complexity and Alignment
Pointing out the Shortcomings of Relation Extraction Models with Semantically Motivated Adversarials
Exploring Linguistic Properties of Monolingual BERTs with Typological Classification among Languages
Compact Speech Translation Models via Discrete Speech Units Pretraining
Memory-Augmented Generative Adversarial Transformers
TEncDM: Understanding the Properties of Diffusion Model in the Space of Language Model Encodings
Survey in Characterization of Semantic Change
Dive Deeper into Rectifying Homography for Stereo Camera Online Self-Calibration
Syntactic Ghost: An Imperceptible General-purpose Backdoor Attacks on Pre-trained Language Models
A Semantic Invariant Robust Watermark for Large Language Models
It Felt Like Having a Second Mind : Investigating Human-AI Co-creativity in Prewriting with Large Language Models
WanJuan-CC: A Safe and High-Quality Open-sourced English Webtext Dataset
Compositional API Recommendation for Library-Oriented Code Generation
PopALM: Popularity-Aligned Language Models for Social Media Trendy Response Prediction
An Unforgeable Publicly Verifiable Watermark for Large Language Models
Accelerating materials discovery for polymer solar cells: Data-driven insights enabled by natural language processing
Loose LIPS Sink Ships: Asking Questions in Battleship with Language-Informed Program Sampling
WebVoyager: Building an End-to-End Web Agent with Large Multimodal Models
OrchestraLLM: Efficient Orchestration of Language Models for Dialogue State Tracking
Apple Researchers Propose MAD-Bench Benchmark to Overcome Hallucinations and Deceptive Prompts in Multimodal Large Language Models
Stack Overflow, Google Cloud to bring GenAI to millions of developers
ADAPT: Alzheimer Diagnosis through Adaptive Profiling Transformers
Let LLMs Take on the Latest Challenges! A Chinese Dynamic Question Answering Benchmark
Robust Guidance for Unsupervised Data Selection: Capturing Perplexing Named Entities for Domain-Specific Machine Translation
Riverbed announced new Intelligent Service Desk capabilities
Foundation Metrics for Evaluating Effectiveness of Healthcare Conversations Powered by Generative AI
When does word order matter and when doesn't it?
Here's a Free Lunch: Sanitizing Backdoored Models with Model Merge
PeLLE: Encoder-based language models for Brazilian Portuguese based on open data
A Compact Implicit Neural Representation for Efficient Storage of Massive 4D Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Redefining Digital Health Interfaces with Large Language Models
Rehearsal: Simulating Conflict to Teach Conflict Resolution
On the Decision-Making Abilities in Role-Playing using Large Language Models
Whispers that Shake Foundations: Analyzing and Mitigating False Premise Hallucinations in Large Language Models
MuLan: Pioneering Precision in Text-to-Image Synthesis with Progressive Multi-Object Generation
Prompting Explicit and Implicit Knowledge for Multi-hop Question Answering Based on Human Reading Process
Elon Musk thinks GPT-4 is AGI, sues OpenAI and wants to force it back into open development
Praxis Tech School & MachineHack to Kickoff the 'Data Science Student Championship 2024'
What are the motivations of LinkedIn influencers?
Meta Rebuffed Google Proposal For a VR and AR Tie-Up
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI, Altman for Breaching Firm's Founding Mission
Deep Learning Model Optimization Methods
Apple may soon be feeling the heat from investors over its slow rollout of buzzy AI products
Harnessing AI Against Infectious Diseases: Insights from BlueDot's CEO
Google Targets Misinformation Through 'Shakti' Ahead of 2024 Elections
It's RAG time for LLMs that need a source of truth
Elon Musk sues OpenAI over alleged breach of nonprofit agreement
You're invited to GenAI Productionize 2024
How to Overlap the Lines of a Trendline Year by Year in Tableau
Salesforce World Tour Offers Hard-Won Lessons From Complex Australian Digital Transformations
What are Emotions, Legally Speaking? And does it even matter?
Apple's shift from EVs to AI sparks influencers diverse reactions
AI Startup Funding & Acquisition Report 2024   India
Elon Musk sues Sam Altman, accusing him of betraying OpenAI's mission of benefiting humanity
OpenAI and Microsoft focus on robotics with Figure AI deal
Birth Of AGI
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI as it Inches Closer Towards AGI
Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman, accusing them of chasing profits
ChatGPT helped me renovate my kitchen. Here's how it saves me time on everyday tasks outside of work.
Elon Musk sues OpenAI accusing it of putting profit before humanity
Top 6 YouTube Series for Data Science Beginners
TD SYNNEX increases AI offerings with expanded NVIDIA collaboration
If Meta's intransigence isn't enough, AI poses an even greater threat to journalism | Margaret Simons
Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman over breach of contract, for-profit focus, and Microsoft relationship
Stack Overflow to charge LLM developers for access to its coding content
Multimodal GPT-4 in Humanoid Robot
Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman, accusing them of betraying an agreement from OpenAI's founding to develop AI toward the  benefit of humanity  over profits (Candace Cheung/Courthouse News Service)
Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman for profiting from AI
LLM Strategies, Platform Engineering, Observability and More: InfoQ Dev Summit Boston 2024
Can performance be enhanced with architectural strategies only
Fine-Tuning Fundamentals - Generative AI For Beginners (v2)
AI outperforms humans in standardized tests of creative potential
Generative AI Report   3/1/2024
Filing: Elon Musk says OpenAI is  not just developing but is actually refining an AGI to maximize profits for Microsoft  and claims GPT-4 constitutes an AGI (Manish Singh/TechCrunch)
The Mindblowing Experience of a Chatbot That Answers Instantly
I tried ChatGPT's memory function and found it intriguing but limited
This New Technology Aims to Eliminate Blurry Photos
CNET's AI-generated news experiment leads to Wikipedia downgrading its reliability rating
Apple Researchers Introduce a Novel Tune Mode: A Game-Changer for Convolution-BatchNorm Blocks in Machine Learning
Elon Musk asks court to decide if GPT-4 has human-level intelligence
Thread synchronization in python's threading module
AMD RDNA4 graphics cards may only receive a minor bump in ray tracing performance
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Textual Inference & Sentiment Analysis
Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman over 'betrayal' of non-profit AI mission
Cohere Opens New York Office
SalesForce AI Research Proposed the FlipFlop Experiment as a Machine Learning Framework to Systematically Evaluate the LLM Behavior in Multi-Turn Conversations
Couchbase Server and Capella to gain vector support
Black Box: the collision
#AAAI2024 invited talk: Milind Tambe   using ML for social good
Harmonizing Vision and Language: The Advent of Bi-Modal Behavioral Alignment (BBA) in Enhancing Multimodal Reasoning
How Does Machine Learning Scale to New Peaks? This AI Paper from ByteDance Introduces MegaScale: Revolutionizing Large Language Model Training with Over 10,000 GPUs
Leveraging Large Language Models for Business Efficiency
Spotfire published new study results
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI and Sam Altman for 'Flagrant Breaches' of Contract
Elon Musk might be suing OpenAI because he is a troll and has a grudge but his lawsuit puts a spotlight on the empty humanitarian posturing by AI businesses (Parmy Olson/Bloomberg)
ADaSci Launches Certified Generative AI Engineer Program
Tech bros need to realise deepfake porn ruins lives   and the law has to catch up
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI for Doing For-Profit AI, Which He's Also Doing
Canon: No Currently Available Camera is High-Res Enough for Apple Vision Pro
An AI system that offers emotional support via chat
Exciting breakthrough in Decentralized Confidential AI by Super Protocol & NVIDIA!
Wisdom beyond AI doom and acceleration
Elon Musk sues OpenAI for abandoning its mission to benefit humanity
Elon Musk sues OpenAI accusing it of putting profit before humanity | OpenAI
Pro Weekly: IPO Chatter Surfaces Again
AI Is Being Built on Dated, Flawed Motion-Capture Data
For Microsoft's bGPT, the world is just bytes
Google Cloud adds Stack Overflow's knowledge base to Gemini AI
Big-name investors are betting AI gadgets could change the way we interact with tech
How tech and game devs should view stock options at tax time | Scott Chou interview
Opinion: For politicians, AI will bring salvation or damnation   but nothing in between
Scale AI
Top 5 Linux Distro for Data Science
Why the productivity gains from AI won't be able to prevent a recession
Musk joins OpenAI lawsuit queue, claiming there's nothing 'open' about it
These Countries Pay the Most for Photography, According to a Study
Microsoft unveils new AI tools for Windows 11
Hyperautomation's Benefits and Challenges and How To Use It In Your Enterprise
Elon Musk sues OpenAI alleging breach of founding agreement
Google's new math app solves nearly any problem with AI: Here's how to use it
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI and Sam Altman for Violating the Company's Principles
[R] Robust Guidance for Unsupervised Data Selection: Capturing Perplexing Named Entities for Domain-Specific Machine Translation
AI system can convert voice track to video of a person speaking using a still image
Meet TinyLLaVA: The Game-Changer in Machine Learning with Smaller Multimodal Frameworks Outperforming Larger Models
Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman for allegedly ditching non-profit mission
Mila Visit Day 2024 will take place on March 15
The Apple Car crash
Accelerating AI for business with a trusted data foundation
Satellite Photos and AI Combine to Reveal Secret Roads Damaging Rainforests
Unlocking Speed and Efficiency in Large Language Models with Ouroboros: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach to Overcome the Challenges of Speculative Decoding
Top Telecom Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Building GeoAI with Lego-Like Simplicity Through Visual Programming
AI in Marketing: MWC Conference Insights
Check out this FREE AI WEBINAR: 'How to Build GenAI Applications on MySQL Data' [March 4, 2024 | 10:00am - 11:00am PST]
AI chip startup Groq forms new business unit, acquires Definitive Intelligence
What Elon Musk and Sam Altman Said About Each Other
Alibaba's New AI Video Generator EMO Makes Photos Talk and Sing
Investor Neil Mehta Answers the Panic Button
Musk Sues Altman, OpenAI For Breach Of Founding Agreement
Video Generation AI: Exploring OpenAI's Groundbreaking Sora Model
Amazon-Owned Health Clinics Reportedly Training AI Chatbot to Triage Patients
2024 State of Apache Airflow Report Shows Rapid Growth in Airflow Adoption
In 2024, we'll truly find out how robust our democracies are to online disinformation campaigns
How We Built a VectorDB-Powered Cloud Service in 6 Months
Adobe's latest AI experiment generates music from text
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI for Not Being Open, Says He Wants His $44 Million Back
The Rising Impact of AI on Election Scams This Season
Innovative domain-adaptive method enables 3D face reconstruction from single depth images
Meet OpenCodeInterpreter: A Family of Open-Source Code Systems Designed for Generating, Executing, and Iteratively Refining Code
Tim Cook Says Apple Will 'Break New Ground' in GenAI in 2024
[P] Luminal: Fast ML in Rust through graph compilation
To stem the tide of AI-generated work, Amazon starts limiting the publication of  summaries  and  workbooks  that claim to be companions to human-authored books (Will Oremus/Washington Post)
AI Chatbots Are Better at Math When They Pretend to Be Star Trek Characters
Decoding Amazon's Recommendation Engine
Streaming HTML out of order without JavaScript
AssemblyAI Java SDK New Features & Improvements
What python data visualization package are you using in 2024?
A friction-driven strategy for agile steering wheel manipulation by humanoid robots
The Fastest AI Chip in the World Explained
This Was an Insane Week for AI Use Cases
42,000 Tech Layoffs in 2024 Already - AI is the cause - Deny, Downplay, Distract [Propaganda]
The Short: Honoring laser pioneers, AI algorithms that mimic the brain, Donuts in hyperspace!
AI News Roundup: SEC Probing OpenAI Over CEO Firing
Microsoft unveils Copilot Lab to help users get the most out of its AI assistant
Understanding Parallel Computing: GPUs vs CPUs Explained Simply with role of CUDA
Artists are slipping anti-AI 'poison' into their art. Here's how it works
RIP Apple Car, Google's AI Reality Problem, Long Live Consumer Tech
Explainer: What Is Stream Processing?
New Wonka Hoax: Actress Who Said She Played 'The Unknown' Is a Fraud
Renesas unveils powerful Single-Chip RZ/V2H MPU
Google Trims Jobs in Trust and Safety While Others Work 'Around the Clock'
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI and Fisker Shares Plunge | Bloomberg Technology
Musk sues OpenAI over 'betrayal' of mission
Testing Generative AI Temperature Settings with Some Cat Stories
Hugging Face, the GitHub of AI, hosted code that backdoored user devices
Huge funding round makes  Figure  Big Tech's favorite humanoid robot company
Elon Musk's legal case against OpenAI is hilariously bad
Elon Musk welcomes competition from humanoid robot rivals: 'Bring it on'
Adobe Is Testing a New AI Tool That Can Create Music From Text Prompts
Rants, AI and other notes from Upfront Summit
How to use ChatGPT's file analysis capability (and what it can do for you)
An analysis of Musk's claims in his OpenAI lawsuit, which seeks to open up GPT-4's source code, end Microsoft exclusivity, and stop OpenAI's for-profit work (Matt Levine/Bloomberg)
Kara Swisher battles AI-generated doppelgnger books on Amazon
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI to Save Humanity
Interview with CEO of Groq about its AI chips that enable chatbots to answer queries instantly, sending a cease and desist to X.ai over the Groq trademark, more (Steven Levy/Wired)
Is there anything AI can't do?
Are the Humanoids Here to Stay?
DreamSmart Group unveils Meizu 21 Pro, fully embracing AI
Pandas Columns: Bracket Indexing (df['x']) Versus Dot Syntax [df.x]
Make the Most of NVIDIA GTC 2024 with In-Person, Hands-On Learning
There are growing calls for Google CEO Sundar Pichai to step down
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of March 1st
AI Firms Face Growing List of Lawsuits. Here's What to Watch
US stock markets close at record highs as enthusiasm for AI drives gains
Featured Energy Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Legal experts say Musk's lawsuit against OpenAI is a stretch because handshakes and expectations are hard to enforce, but it does make a strong policy argument (Sharon Goldman/VentureBeat)
Comparing Snowflake Dynamic Tables with dbt
Michael Dell Joins $100 Billion Club as AI-Driven Shares Surge
It's becoming insane again in venture capital: A tiny AI startup wants investors to pay $100 to book a meeting with its founder.
Elon Musk-OpenAI Lawsuit Explained in 5 Mins
Meet AlphaMonarch-7B: One of the Best-Performing Non-Merge 7B Models on the Open LLM Leaderboard
Questioning the Value of Machine Learning Techniques: Is Reinforcement Learning with AI Feedback All It's Cracked Up to Be? Insights from a Stanford and Toyota Research Institute AI Paper
Stay Fresh: Four Ways to Track Update Times for BigQuery Tables and Views
Data scientists at airlines companies, how much is your work similar to traditional OR?
Meet Swin3D++: An Enhanced AI Architecture based on Swin3D for Efficient Pretraining on Multi-Source 3D Point Clouds
OpenAI Says It 'Categorically Disagrees' With Musk's Suit
[R]: Learning to Generate Instruction Tuning Datasets for Zero-Shot Task Adaptation
Meta AI Releases MMCSG: A Dataset with 25h+ of Two-Sided Conversations Captured Using Project Aria
Memos: OpenAI execs reject Musk's claims, say OpenAI is committed to benefiting humanity and has yet to achieve AGI; Altman says the  attacks will keep coming  (Ina Fried/Axios)
Human-in-the-Loop: Mission Critical for AI Usage and Evaluation
Generative AI News Rundown - Gigantic Context Window, Gemma Open-Source, NVIDIA, Mistral, Klarna & More
Deep in Javascript DOM Traversal 1
The Wild Claim at the Heart of Elon Musk's OpenAI Lawsuit
Computer Vision in Warehousing and Logistics
One is a real photo and one is A.I. generated. Can you tell which is which?
5 Predictions For How AI Is Going To Shape The E-Learning Industry & Online Course Development
Working with pydantic in Python
A Beginner's Guide to Dive into Machine Learning: Resources and Tips
That Dinosaur Croissant Going Viral Right Now Is Tragically Fake
[D] Current FAANG hiring standards
Computational Tools for Blockchain Forensics
Import/Export: Updates, Applications, and Architecture
Fehrian Branches or: How I Learned to Reduce y = x^2 + 1 and Love Mathematica
How to Implement ChatGPT with OpenAI API in Python Synchronously and Asynchronously
Rubi: Solving Integrals, One Rule at a Time
Exploring Species in Wolfram Language
I hate PowerPoint
Wolfram R&D Live: Watch, Connect and Promote Your Work
Protein Visualization in Wolfram Language
Elements of a Temporal Workforce Structure Model
PandasAI: AI Copilot for Your Data - Excel, MySQL, BigQuery, and More! (Opensource)
Solving Physics Problems with Schrdinger's Equations
[ML News] Groq, Gemma, Sora, Gemini, and Air Canada's chatbot troubles
The Art of Problem Solving in Wolfram Language '23
Court Room Day 0: Elon Musk vs Sam Altman
Why AI doesn't yet create new knowledge
Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 142]
AI News: Brace Yourself for the Coming AI Storm!
Wolfram Repository Updates: Paclets, Functions, Examples, Prompts, Tools and More
Pioneering the Future of Oil Production with Wolfram Technologies
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman loves being married
Voice Slowly Catching Up on Multimodal AI Features
Supermicro, a beneficiary of the AI boom, joins the S&P 500 after its stock grew 20x+ in the past two years and 200%+ in 2024, pushing its market cap past $50B (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Everyone on my team seems to be leaving. How do I deal with the situation I'm in?
How to read  OSM data with DuckDB
Advice for aspiring data scientists
NeuScraper: Pioneering the Future of Web Scraping for Enhanced Large Language Model Pretraining
Help in reducing noise in this image
This AI Paper from Harvard Introduces Q-Probing: A New Frontier in Machine Learning for Adapting Pre-Trained Language Models
A primer in Text-To-3D
Researchers identify a  reasoning gap  in large AI models
Wendy's Surge Pricing, AI Willy Wonka Sham, R.I.P Apple Car and More Fun With Phones
Why Elon Musk's OpenAI Lawsuit Leans on A.I. Research From Microsoft
The Paradox at the Heart of Elon Musk's OpenAI Lawsuit
Revolutionizing Content Moderation in Digital Advertising: A Scalable LLM Approach
Using AI to Help Developers Work with Regular Expressions
[R] Humanoid Locomotion as Next Token Prediction
Meet OmniPred: A Machine Learning Framework to Transform Experimental Design with Universal Regression Models
How do you get employees to embrace AI? (You may find this sneaky)
The Guardian's new podcast series about AI: Black Box   prologue
This Paper from Meta AI Investigates the Radioactivity of LLM-Generated Texts
Nvidia could be working on a new gaming device to rival the Steam Deck
Karine Perset helps governments understand AI
Video Highlights: A Code-Specialized LLM Will Realize AGI   with Jason Warner
Building an Infinite Scroll Component with Intersection Observer
The University of Calgary Unleashes Game-Changing Structured Sparsity Method: SRigL
Our Best Tips for Using AI in Everyday Life
A Data science manager is just a manager
Dev News: Google/Stack Overflow Team up, AI Saves Time and Bun Debugs
From Black Box to Open Book: How Stanford's CausalGym is Decoding the Mysteries of Artificial Intelligence AI Language Processing!
Microsoft Is Draining an Arizona Town's Water Supply for its AI
A Few Social Media Influencers Are Shaping AI
A 2015 email from Sam Altman to Elon Musk gives us a glimpse into the origins of OpenAI
Seeing Our Reflection in LLMs
Elon Musk just threw down the gauntlet at Sam Altman, and there's no going back
Researchers create an AI worm that can spread between generative AI agents via an  adversarial self-replicating prompt , which can steal data or spread malware (Matt Burgess/Wired)
This Week In Python
CMU Researchers Introduce Sequoia: A Scalable, Robust, and Hardware-Aware Algorithm for Speculative Decoding
RipeOrNot AI - For Avocados
Data Solutions Framework: An Open Source Project for Building Data Solutions on AWS
Researchers from Mohamed bin Zayed University of AI Developed 'PALO': A Polyglot Large Multimodal Model for 5B People
Microsoft Copilot Tells User Suicide Is an Option
OpenAI Goes After Blue Collar Jobs
AI Podcast Transcription
Researchers create AI worms that can spread from one system to another
A look at Project Maven, the US DOD's flagship AI effort which identifies battlefield targets, and at concerns, including adversaries poisoning training data (Katrina Manson/Bloomberg)
[D] BitNet 1-b/b1.58 LLMs - is that a threat to nvidia?
I made a website that can virtually explain any song by connecting Search Engine and chatGPT.
Is there even a point to me going through data quest or Coursera to help my career?
BitNet b1.58: The future of chatbots could be 1 bit
Hot Dealmakers As Tech's Winter Lingers
Google's ScreenAI reliably navigates smartphone screens
Why are social media sites like reddit not adding tools for easy analysis of possible AI / troll activity
AI's craving for data is matched only by a runaway thirst for water and energy | John Naughton
A free roadmap to learn LLMs from scratch
Apple abandons its car: Here are other projects the company has killed
Asus promo offers UK customers cashback on Radeon 7000 GPUs
ChatGPT and productivity
Elon Musk's OpenAI lawsuit repeatedly cites a contentious paper by Microsoft's research lab, which said GPT-4 showed  sparks  of AGI, to argue that GPT-4 is AGI (New York Times)
'I can cry without feeling stigma': meet the people turning to AI chatbots for therapy
Dos actually many people use MMDetection as their framework to work on object detection?
[R] Panda-70M: Captioning 70M Videos with Multiple Cross-Modality Teachers
Snapchat used AI agents to build a sound-aware video captioning system
[P] ArXiv Machine Learning Landscape
Naive Bayes clearly explained
Google DeepMind's Latest Machine Learning Breakthrough Revolutionizes Reinforcement Learning with Mixture-of-Experts for Superior Model Scalability and Performance
California gives Waymo the green light to expand robotaxi operations
How can ultralytics bypass AGPL 3.0 open source requirement ?
The Radio Squirrels of Point Reyes
Exploring My LinkedIn Journey Through Data Analysis
Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) from scratch. Simplest explanation in python
[D] What Is Your LLM Tech Stack in Production?
Microsoft AI Research Introduces Generalized Instruction Tuning (called GLAN): A General and Scalable Artificial Intelligence Method for Instruction Tuning of Large Language Models (LLMs)
3 ways to leverage Apple Silicon's GPU for Deep Learning
Data Dirtiness Score
Tech style guides
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman misses the old Elon Musk
Sam Altman Denies OpenAI Is Building AI  Creatures
Encoder part of transformer learns even after removing positional encoding. Thoughts?
Using Clinician Big Data to Alleviate a Struggling Workforce
Google and Duke University's New Machine Learning Breakthrough Unveils Advanced Optimization by Linear Transformers
Alibaba AI Group Propose AgentScope: A Developer-Centric Multi-Agent Platform with Message Exchange as its Core Communication Mechanism
Girl with a pearl earring on subway. (Midjourney V6)
Why Random Forests Dominate: Insights from the University of Cambridge's Groundbreaking Machine Learning Research!
Unleashing the Power of 10Web AI for Website Creation
Apple cancels its car, Google's AI goes awry and Bumble stumbles
[D] Explaining Transformers + VQ-VAE = LLMs that can generate images
Meta AI Introduces Searchformer for Improving Planning Efficiency: A Transformer Model for Complex Decision-Making Tasks
Intro to stock analysis
[D] experience with Google TPU?
Google DeepMind Introduces Tandem Transformers for Inference Efficient Large Language Models LLMs
Using Apple Silicon for Deep Learning
L3GO: Unveiling Language Agents with Chain-of-3D-Thoughts for Precision in Object Generation
Wizards and PPO
[OC] Soon-to-be Political Science graduate's two months job hunting for a Junior DS role in Colombia
Impact of Rising Sea Levels on Coastal Residential Real Estate Assets
[P] TimesFM: Google's Foundation Model For Time-Series Forecasting
Which cloud GPU providers would you recommend in early 2024?
Microsoft AI Proposes Metrics for Assessing the Effectiveness of Large Language Models in Software Engineering Tasks
Empowering Large Language Models with Specialized Tools for Complex Data Environments: A New Paradigm in AI Middleware
insufficient Gibbs sampling bridges as well!
Google Unveils Genie AI Which Can Create Video Games
What are compute units and how have I already used 40 of them without even trying?
The Goodness of Open-source LLMs | Tech positivity | EP 11
AI Is Transforming How We Interact With Computers
How To Choose a GPU For AI Models/LLMs - NVIDIA GPUs
LlamaIndex Webinar: RAG Beyond Basic Chatbots
How Will Models Like GPT series and Gemini, Transform the Role of Data Scientists?
Playground v2.5 & Creative Upscale Level Up Your Creative Game!
How AI is being used to evaluate the authenticity of paintings, amid conservators' concerns of whether the tech can account for wear, damage, and other factors (Gareth Harris/Financial Times)
Salesforce Research Introduces AgentOhana: A Comprehensive Agent Data Collection and Training Pipeline for Large Language Model
The One Billion Row Challenge in Go: from 1m45s to 4s in nine solutions
Integrating an External API with a Chatbot Application using LangChain and Chainlit
[P] How do I deploy my trained LORA adapter to a ChatUI in huggingface?
Building Durable Data Pipelines
Mastering Python: 6 Sneaky Tips Every Developer Should Know
Data Machina #243
An Indian science graduate was promised a job in Dubai but was tricked into fighting for Russia, reports say
[R] [CVPR 2024] AV-RIR: Audio-Visual Room Impulse Response Estimation
This AI Paper from the University of Michigan and Netflix Proposes CLoVe: A Machine Learning Framework to Improve the Compositionality of Pre-Trained Contrastive Vision-Language Models
One Line of Code to Say Goodbye to Confusing Python Error Messages
AI has come for music, but there's still a Great Big Sea between people and algorithms
Meet CodeMind: A Machine Learning Framework Designed to Gauge the Code Reasoning Abilities of LLMs
[R] List of new (2023-2024) ICLR, NIPS, ICML papers, and benchmarks with the shortest training duration
Nvidia Becomes Tesla's Successor as Market Flips From EV to AI
Elon Musk and Sam Altman founded OpenAI together, but are now at odds in a lawsuit. Here's the history of their working relationship and feud.
[D] Seeking Advice: Continual-RL and Meta-RL Research Communities
Huawei's Ascend 910B can reportedly outperform Nvidia's A100
9 Best Online Courses for Computer Vision You Must Know in 2024
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/2/2024
Welcome to a new age of AI hardware. These are 5 AI-powered devices announced since OpenAI launched ChatGPT.
[N] Chris Van Pelt: ML Tooling, Weights and Biases, Entrepreneurship | Learning from Machine Learning #9
Image Classification for very similar objects
Research Papers in February 2024: A LoRA Successor, Small Finetuned LLMs Vs Generalist LLMs, and Transparent LLM research
Researchers develop generative AI worm that can steal data and send spam emails
Is mind uploading theoretically possible? Or is it purely science fiction?
Researchers teach a robot to walk around San Francisco using AI's word prediction techniques
AI solves huge problem holding back fusion power
Meet Phind-70B: An Artificial Intelligence (AI) Model that Closes Execution Speed and the Code Generation Quality Gap with GPT-4 Turbo
Text-to-Video Games and 1-Bit Models: Two Monumental Generative AI Research Milestones in One Week
Unveiling the Paradox: A Groundbreaking Approach to Reasoning Analysis in AI by the University of Southern California Team
Chatbot modelled dead loved one
What Is OpenAI's ChatGPT Plus? Here's What You Should Know
Imposter syndrome
'You too Could Have Made Curl': Daniel Stenberg at FOSDEM
Over Half of Business Users Employ Generative AI at Least Weekly
Enhancing AI's Foresight: The Crucial Role of Discriminator Accuracy in Advanced LLM Planning Methods
Sergey Brin Says  We Definitely Messed up  Over Google Gemini Image Generation Fiasco
An interesting question popped up during an interview
Francine Bennett uses data science to make AI more responsible
Google AI Introduces VideoPrism: A General-Purpose Video Encoder that Tackles Diverse Video Understanding Tasks with a Single Frozen Model
Harmonizing Vision and Language: Advancing Consistency in Unified Models with CocoCon
Meta's image generator has the same problems as Google Gemini
When startups fail, these startups clean up
Time Series Forecasting with TensorFlow and Visualization Techniques to Perform Predictions Beyond.
Who Am I? Conditional Prompt Injection Attacks with Microsoft Copilot
[P] LaVague: Open-source Text2Action AI pipeline to turn natural language into Selenium code
This AI Paper from CMU and Meta AI Unveils Pre-Instruction-Tuning (PIT): A Game-Changer for Training Language Models on Factual Knowledge
Training LLMs Taking Too Much Time? Technique you need to know to train it faster
Deploy Long-Running ETL Pipelines to ECS with Fargate
[D] Simulated Annealing and Gradient Descent
Some users turn to AI therapist chatbots, finding them cheap, quick, available 24/7, and easy to talk to, but experts warn about a lack of emotional connection (Alice Robb/The Guardian)
[N] LLM models up to 7 times acceleration.
Um jnior e um teste tcnico: The battle.
Here are 11 Super   Cool AI Research Papers FROM CMU ALONG with SUMMARY (2024)
Best approach to predicting one KPI based on the performance of another?
This Paper Explores the Synergistic Potential of Machine Learning: Enhancing Interpretability and Functionality in Generalized Additive Models through Large Language Models
Interesting ideas in Observable Framework
Looking for Kaggle team mates
[D]Agents+ LLM in production
[P] Research Papers in February 2024   A Potential LoRA Successor, Small Finetuned LLMs Vs Generalist LLMs, and Transparent LLM Research
[R] Humanoid Robot Dancing, High Five, Waving, Hugging
LWiAI Podcast #157 - Gemini controversy, new Mistral models, Deepmind's Genie & Griffinn, AI Warfare is here
Visualize your RAG Data   Evaluate your  Retrieval-Augmented Generation System with Ragas
Could We Achieve AGI Within 5 Years? NVIDIA's CEO Jensen Huang Believes It's Possible
Master Dispersion Plots in 6 Minutes!
Mark Dodson, Gremlins and Star Wars Voice Actor, Has Died at Age 64
Generative Language Models with AWS SageMaker and Hugging Face
The Top AI Music Makers: Unveiling the Future of Music Production
Prof Nick Chater on our mysterious brains modelling the world
What is Prompt Engineering?
When And How To Conduct An AI Program
#172 Cristbal Valenzuela: Can AI Revolutionize How We Create Art?
The ULTIMATE In-Game AI Assistant | Speech to Speech - Groq API - GPT4V ++
NEW Starcoder-2 LLM: The Ultimate Language Model for Developers!
LlamaIndex Multimodal with Ollama [Local LLM]
Strategies For Building A Product Using LLMs At DataChat
Enhancing Autoregressive Decoding Efficiency: A Machine Learning Approach by Qualcomm AI Research Using Hybrid Large and Small Language Models
Revolutionizing Data Annotation: The Pivotal Role of Large Language Models
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s Microsoft-Powered Chatbot Just Disappeared
Pytorch's TransformerEncoder anomaly
[D] Neural Attention from the most fundamental first principles
JDK 22 and JDK 23: What We Know So Far
[D] How to detect or speculate the  reward-hacking  phenomenon?
Unveiling General AI and LLMs: A Comprehensive Guide
Meet PyRIT: A Python Risk Identification Tool for Generative AI to Empower Machine Learning Engineers
CVS Senior Data Scientist Interview Process
Multi Class Segmentation using Mask2Former
AI Misalignments
Indian watchdog MeitY issues an advisory asking developers to seek  explicit permission  before deploying any AI models or AI-backed algorithms (The Economic Times)
Can AI Keep Up in Long Conversations? Unveiling LoCoMo, the Ultimate Test for Dialogue Systems
[D] How useful is DCN compared to good old MLP?
Transparent AI Concepts [AI Today Podcast]
How Good Are Large Language Models at Out-of-Distribution Detection?
DiffAugment: Diffusion based Long-Tailed Visual Relationship Recognition
What to Expect at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Deploying ML models for free on AWS
Prompting ChatGPT for Translation: A Comparative Analysis of Translation Brief and Persona Prompts
[D] how successful has RAG been in search/recommendation ranking?
Dialect prejudice predicts AI decisions about people's character, employability, and criminality
Hierarchical Indexing for Retrieval-Augmented Opinion Summarization
AI Assistants as Engagement?
Prompt-based Zero-shot Relation Extraction with Semantic Knowledge Augmentation
Which scenario in 20yrs or less?
Cross-Lingual Learning vs. Low-Resource Fine-Tuning: A Case Study with Fact-Checking in Turkish
Query-OPT: Optimizing Inference of Large Language Models via Multi-Query Instructions in Meeting Summarization
[D] ML being unserious?
Do Language Models' Words Refer?
Messenger RNA Design via Expected Partition Function and Continuous Optimization
Surveying the Dead Minds: Historical-Psychological Text Analysis with Contextualized Construct Representation (CCR) for Classical Chinese
Rethinking Tokenization: Crafting Better Tokenizers for Large Language Models
On Rate-Optimal Partitioning Classification from Observable and from Privatised Data
LoRA-as-an-Attack! Piercing LLM Safety Under The Share-and-Play Scenario
HOW DO DATA SCIENTISTS COLLABORATE WITH CAUSAL AI FOR GREATER CUSTOMER RETENTION?
India demands beta AIs secure government permission before going public
FAC$^2$E: Better Understanding Large Language Model Capabilities by Dissociating Language and Cognition
Modeling the Quality of Dialogical Explanations
[D] for people working on ML at big tech/hedge funds, what percentage of alphas do you feel come from noise mainly?
One Size Does Not Fit All: Customizing Open-Domain Procedures
Your Model Is Not Predicting Depression Well And That Is Why: A Case Study of PRIMATE Dataset
PoTeC: A German Naturalistic Eye-tracking-while-reading Corpus
GAMMA: Generalizable Articulation Modeling and Manipulation for Articulated Objects
Concise and Organized Perception Facilitates Large Language Models for Deductive Reasoning
SAIE Framework: Support Alone Isn't Enough -- Advancing LLM Training with Adversarial Remarks
Speaker attribution in German parliamentary debates with QLoRA-adapted large language models
SEED: Customize Large Language Models with Sample-Efficient Adaptation for Code Generation
PROC2PDDL: Open-Domain Planning Representations from Texts
GOAT-Bench: Safety Insights to Large Multimodal Models through Meme-Based Social Abuse
Democratize data analysis and insights generation through the seamless translation of Natural Language into SQL queries
Self-Consistent Reasoning-based Aspect-Sentiment Quad Prediction with Extract-Then-Assign Strategy
Do Zombies Understand? A Choose-Your-Own-Adventure Exploration of Machine Cognition
ROME: Memorization Insights from Text, Probability and Hidden State in Large Language Models
Meet TOWER: An Open Multilingual Large Language Model for Translation-Related Tasks
Adversarial Examples are Misaligned in Diffusion Model Manifolds
Extracting Polymer Nanocomposite Samples from Full-Length Documents
India reverses AI stance, requires government approval for model launches
LatestEval: Addressing Data Contamination in Language Model Evaluation through Dynamic and Time-Sensitive Test Construction
It Will Not Apply to Startups  Clarifies Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Indian Govt's AI Advisory
A Semantic Distance Metric Learning approach for Lexical Semantic Change Detection
LUCID: LLM-Generated Utterances for Complex and Interesting Dialogues
CASIMIR: A Corpus of Scientific Articles enhanced with Multiple Author-Integrated Revisions
Flex Tape Can't Fix That : Bias and Misinformation in Edited Language Models
EROS: Entity-Driven Controlled Policy Document Summarization
Standardizing the Measurement of Text Diversity: A Tool and a Comparative Analysis of Scores
GPT-4 Technical Report
Empowering Aggregators with Practical Data-Driven Tools: Harnessing Aggregated and Disaggregated Flexibility for Demand Response
Unlocking the Full Potential of Vision-Language Models: Introducing VISION-FLAN for Superior Visual Instruction Tuning and Diverse Task Mastery
A Bit of a Problem: Measurement Disparities in Dataset Sizes Across Languages
Learning to Estimate Critical Gait Parameters from Single-View RGB Videos with Transformer-Based Attention Network
The Real Reason Why Elon Musk is Suing OpenAI
TSMC Surges to Record High on AI Optimism, Global Chip Rally
Gender Bias in Large Language Models across Multiple Languages
Private Benchmarking to Prevent Contamination and Improve Comparative Evaluation of LLMs
10 Most Influential Data & Analytics Leaders in India's BFSI Sector, 2024
Semi-Instruct: Bridging Natural-Instruct and Self-Instruct for Code Large Language Models
Top Open Source Projects of 2023
DPP-Based Adversarial Prompt Searching for Lanugage Models
Self-Consistent Decoding for More Factual Open Responses
Advancing Large Language Models for Structured Knowledge Grounding with StructLM: Model Based on CodeLlama Architecture
Prediction of Activated Sludge Settling Characteristics from Microscopy Images with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks and Transfer Learning
Resonance RoPE: Improving Context Length Generalization of Large Language Models
Evolving to the Future: Unseen Event Adaptive Fake News Detection on Social Media
LLMs for Targeted Sentiment in News Headlines: Exploring Different Levels of Prompt Prescriptiveness
Post-decoder Biasing for End-to-End Speech Recognition of Multi-turn Medical Interview
Embracing the Future: How AI Revolutionizes IoT Automation
Groq acquires Definitive Intelligence to launch GroqCloud
AI bot 'Jennifer' calling California voters for Congress hopeful
This AI Paper Introduces BABILong Framework: A Generative Benchmark for Testing Natural Language Processing (NLP) Models on Processing Arbitrarily Lengthy Documents
Redefining Evaluation: Towards Generation-Based Metrics for Assessing Large Language Models
Silicon Valley moguls are weighing in on Elon Musk's battle with OpenAI and it's getting cattier than a 'Real Housewives' reunion
Text Summarizer AI
Which backend languages do you use?
Becoming an AI Evangelist // Alex Volkov // #215
Max Lenormand: AI and Geo
Michelle McGuire, Partner and Chief Commercial Officer at Deloitte
This AI Paper from CMU Introduce OmniACT: The First-of-a-Kind Dataset and Benchmark for Assessing an Agent's Capability to Generate Executable Programs to Accomplish Computer Tasks
Do AI video-generators dream of San Pedro? Madonna among early adopters of AI's next wave
Framework for Optimizing Generative AI to Meet Business Needs
Qualcomm AI Research Proposes the GPTVQ Method: A Fast Machine Learning Method for Post-Training Quantization of Large Networks Using Vector Quantization (VQ)
Connected Tech Woos Crowds at Mobile World Congress
OpenAI challenger Anthropic launches Claude 3 chatbot suite
Data Science and the Go Programming Language
[D] Why do GLUs (Gated Linear Units) work?
AIs in India will need government permission before launching
TurboTax Adds AI That Gives Horribly Wrong Answers to Tax Questions
ChatGPT can now read out generated texts
The Era of 1-bit LLMs summarized
Singapore reviews ways to boost digital infrastructures after big outage
Anthropic claims its new models beat GPT-4
AI in Higher Education   Balancing the Risks and Rewards
Microsoft's Mistral deal beefs up Azure without spurning OpenAI
Harnessing the Power of GIS and Python for Property Value Analysis at Scale
ChatGPT-rival Anthropic releases more powerful AI
My First 3 Months In Tech
Meta's AI Image Generator Accused of Making 'Woke' Pictures Like Google
OpenAI, Salesforce Sign Pledge to Build AI for Good of Humanity
As AI agents spread, so do the risks, scholars say
Google Clone in HTML and Tailwind CSS
Last Week in AI #260: Figure raises $675 million, Microsoft partners with Mistral, Elon Musk sues OpenAI, India mandates Gen AI approvals
Apple rolls out 13- and 15-inch MacBook Air with M3 chip
Thanks Google, India Now Takes AI Regulation Seriously
Roundtables: The AI Economy
[D] Asking for Reviews
Microsoft's Copilot AI Calls Itself the Joker and Suggests a User Self-Harm
Linkedin To Open Source Its Data Lakehouse Management Tool OpenHouse
Google Co-Founder Unfazed by Question About 'Woke' AI From Attendee in Naked Woman Shirt
[R] Introducing the next generation of Claude
Reimagine Your Space with AI: How to Transform Your Home in 2024
JPMorgan's AI-Aided Cashflow Model Can Cut Manual Work by 90%
Anthropic says its Claude 3 suite outperforms GPT-4 and Gemini Ultra on some benchmarks, and adds multimodal support for photos and more for the first time (Hayden Field/CNBC)
Anthropic's Claude 3 LLM challenges GPT-4 with improved  intelligence  and visual capabilities
Inside Genie: Google DeepMind's Super Model that can Generate Interactive Games from Text and.
Roundtables: How does AI work?
Full fine-tuning vs. LoRA fine-tuning vs. RAG
Anthropic Claude 3 Opus Beats OpenAI GPT-4
Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Output Parsing
Sam Altman appeared to troll Elon Musk by dredging up a years-old Twitter post
Exploring the Possibilities of AI Replacing Investment Banking Jobs
Anthropic Challenges OpenAI and Google With New Chatbot
Unlock the Secrets of LLMs in a 60-Minute with Andrej Karpathy
'Dune: Part Two' Gives Sci-Fi-Obsessed Silicon Valley a Reason to Party
You can now preorder the new M3-powered MacBook Air
Hardware hackers manage to run GTA: Vice City on a wireless router
How to find yourself in a digital world?
Baseten, which helps companies launch open-source or customized AI models, raised a $40M Series B led by IVP and Spark, a source says at a $200M+ valuation (Kenrick Cai/Forbes)
AI Painting Now Supports Layered Images
Super Micro's S&amp;P 500 Inclusion Pushes Rally Past 1,000%
Meta's AI Watermarking Plan is Flimsy, At Best
Accordion accessible y reutilizable solo con la etiqueta details y css
H2O.ai releases new language model H2O-Danube-1.8B for mobile
The new Claude 3 model family from Anthropic
Silicon Valley's elite are moralizing about the future of AI
Exploring the API of Google's Gemini Language Model
Revolutionizing Image Quality Assessment: The Introduction of Co-Instruct and MICBench for Enhanced Visual Comparisons
Actions Speak Louder than Words: Trillion-Parameter Sequential Transducers for Generative Recommendations
Apple's   1.84B fine, new AI rules in India, and the latest pre-IPO round
How to Learn the Math Needed for Data Science
Anthropic announces Claude 3 Opus, Sonnet, and Haiku, aiming to improve factual accuracy; Opus and Sonnet are available now, and Haiku in the coming weeks (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
Roundtables: How should we regulate AI?
Google's Gemini showcases more powerful technology, but we're still not close to superhuman AI
Meta AI Research Introduces MobileLLM: Pioneering Machine Learning Innovations for Enhanced On-Device Intelligence
llm-claude-3
Wix's new AI chatbot builds websites in seconds based on prompts
Anthropic Sets a New Gold Standard: Your Move, OpenAI
Citizens CEO Van Saun: AI Is Top of Mind for the Market
Anthropic's Claude 3 chatbot claims to outperform ChatGPT, Gemini
Weekly Top Picks #65
India tightens regulation of AI models from major tech platforms
Rapid GenAI Progress Exposes Ethical Concerns
The Download: the mystery of LLMs, and the EU's Big Tech crackdown
Advancing AI innovation with cutting-edge solutions
Understanding Attention Mechanisms: Basis for Chat GPT3 and LLMs
Augmenting Not Replacing: The Future of AI in Healthcare
AI Images of Trump With Black People are Being Circulated by His Supporters
How Will Tech Hiring Evolve in 2024?
Faster, More Secure Photonic Chip Boosts AI Training
What the heck happened to the Claude 3 OPUS????
5 Courses to Master LLMs
The New, Smartest AI: Claude 3   Tested vs Gemini 1.5 + GPT-4
What is Supervised Fine-Tuning?
Captain's log: the irreducible weirdness of prompting AIs
Automated Prompt Engineering: Leveraging Synthetic Data and Meta-Prompts for Enhanced LLM Performance
AI Security Teams?
Anthropic Unveils Business Friendly Claude 3 AI Models
Anthropic gives its flagship generative AI models a facelift
ChatGPT can read its answers out loud
The AI wars heat up with Claude 3, claimed to have  near-human  abilities
Global GenAI Landscape 2024: Roughly Half of Nations That Invest in AI Develop Generative Models
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s AI Chatbot Is Borked
AI Startup Roundup: The Startup that Blew Away OpenAI
Anthropic releases Claude 3 and claims it's better than ChatGPT and Gemini
Would a FAANG company just use a t-test for A/B Testing?
Security researchers prove they can exploit chatbot systems to spread AI-powered worms
Signal's Meredith Whittaker scorns anti-encryption efforts as 'parochial, magical thinking'
What are you missing in 3D reconstruction?
Apple's EU Fine and Anthropic's Claude Model Family | Bloomberg Technology
Cohere and Accenture Collaborate to Accelerate Enterprise AI Adoption
Prices of Anthropic's Claude 3 Opus, Sonnet, and Haiku, all with a 200K-token context window, seem to range from  super expensive  to  radically competitive  (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
Britain's AI sector expected to get 100m extra funding in budget
MAGA Uses AI to Invent Pictures of Trump With Black People
New dressing robot can 'mimic' the actions of care-workers
What sort of extra activities/events do data scientists do?
Why image generation AI's are so deeply censored?
Maximizing Efficiency in AI Training: A Deep Dive into Data Selection Practices and Future Directions
In the Blink of an Eye, Apple is All-In on AI
I am heartbroken  . Random Forest classifier beat Transformer Encoder classifier by about 2.5%
Efficiently Processing Extended Contexts in Large Language Models: Dual Chunk Attention for Training-Free Long-Context Support
Microsoft Researchers Propose ViSNet: An Equivariant Geometry-Enhanced Graph Neural Network for Predicting Molecular Properties and Simulating Molecular Dynamics
Brave's AI assistant is now available for Android
Comparison of Methods to Inform K-Means Clustering
AI Optimism vs. Skepticism: Why Are the Knowledge Workers Confused?
Computer scientists find a better method to detect and prevent toxic AI prompts
Revolutionizing AI: Introducing the Claude 3 Model Family for Enhanced Cognitive Performance
Solve Complex AI Tasks with Leaderboard-Topping Smaug 72B from NVIDIA AI Foundation Models
I think you're testing me : Claude 3 LLM called out creators while they tested its limits
Syncing YouTube Short Captions to Voice Automatically with Whisper | Shortrocity Part 4
Deploy (Tiny) LLM to Production: Merge Lora Adapter, Push to HF Hub, Rest API with FastAPI & Docker
Claude 3: NEW LLM Outperforms GPT-4 and Gemini Ultra!
OLMo: Everything You Need to Train an Open Source LLM with Akshita Bhagia - #674
Pierre-Simon Laplace, Inverse Probability, and the Central Limit Theorem
OpenAI updates ChatGPT with a  read aloud  feature supporting 37 languages, allowing it to read its responses out loud, available on the web and mobile apps (Emilia David/The Verge)
Microsoft files a motion to dismiss The NYT's copyright lawsuit, accusing it of  doomsday futurology  for predicting that ChatGPT could ruin the news business (Financial Times)
Microsoft Seeks to Dismiss Parts of Suit Filed by The New York Times
Sources: US officials told AMD that the company's AI chip for the Chinese market was still too powerful and it must obtain a license in order to sell it (Bloomberg)
AMD Hits US Roadblock in Selling AI Chip Tailored for China
Can AI Think Better by Breaking Down Problems? Insights from a Joint Apple and University of Michigan Study on Enhancing Large Language Models
Data Visualization Cheat Sheet for Basic Machine Learning Algorithms
Redefining Compact AI: MBZUAI's MobiLlama Delivers Cutting-Edge Performance in Small Language Models Domain
MIT Researchers Unveil AlphaFlow and ESMFlow: Pioneering Dynamic Protein Ensemble Prediction with Generative Modeling
AMD to introduce AI-based upscaling, potentially matching DLSS
Actually, you will never be able to master Python
Cloudflare Unveils AI Features to Prevent Security Attacks
China Vows to Mobilize Nation as It Fights US for Tech Supremacy
Visualizing Dynamical Behavior in Agent-Based Models
[D] Project Management for ML Reseach Projects
How to Create an RFM Model in BigQuery
This AI Paper from China Developed an Open-source and Multilingual Language Model for Medicine
Coalition for Health AI (CHAI) names Board of Directors and CEO
OpenAI among 280 to sign open letter calling for responsible AI
Multiverse helped bank quants speed up their work; now it's targeting LLM leviathans
Cloudflare Launches AI Security Tools to Protect Business Innovations
Anthropic's Claude 3 Opus model - Extremely comprehensive image analysis
The rise of the job-search bots
This Machine Learning Paper Presents a General Data Generation Process for Non-Stationary Time Series Forecasting
How to manage generative AI
How to Use SQLAlchemy to Make Database Requests Asynchronously
(SOTA)^2! A Unified Framework for Efficient Visual 3D Perception
Alibaba Backs $2.5 Billion AI Startup in Second Major 2024 Deal
[N] LoRA for correcting Romanian diacritics open sourced
Master Real-Time Fraud Detection with Azure Stream Analytics
Revolutionizing B2B Supply Chain Dynamics: A Comprehensive Exploration of AI-Driven Rebalancing, Optimization Strategies, and Data Integration for Seamless Order Management and Supply-Demand Harmony
How This Bengaluru-based AI Startup is Helping Reduce Carbon Footprint
Tableau Dashboard
Indian IT Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Google Gemini Fiasco: 'Saying Sorry is Not Enough!'
Meet Rainbow Teaming: A Versatile Artificial Intelligence Approach for the Systematic Generation of Diverse Adversarial Prompts for LLMs via LLMs
TARNet and Dragonnet: Causal Inference Between S- And T-Learners
How BharatGPT's Hanooman is Changing the Face of AI in India
Q&A: GitHub COO on how genAI makes devs more efficient (and can automate the helpdesk)
Mistral AI Models Are Now Available on Amazon Bedrock
Nobody knows how AI works
OpenAI Enhances ChatGPT's Voice Modality Feature
Using generative AI to improve software testing
Microsoft compares New York Times to '80s movie studios trying to ban VCRs
[R] Is it possible to write a paper without large amounts of compute?
[N] Nvidia bans translation layers like ZLUDA
Anthropic says its new Claude 3 AI chatbot scores better on key benchmarks than GPT-4
Statistical Method scDEED Detects Dubious t-SNE and UMAP Embeddings and Optimizes Hyperparameters
Deciphering the Impact of Scaling Factors on LLM Finetuning: Insights from Bilingual Translation and Summarization
Dell exec reveals Nvidia has a 1,000-watt GPU in the works
Embracing the Data-Driven Digital Renaissance: A Call for Responsible Innovation
4GB vs. 8GB: How Have VRAM Requirements Evolved?
We are actively taking steps to not become a wasteland of AI's musings  says HackerNoon Founder/CEO
Gupshup Launches LLM-Based Conversation Cloud with SaaS Tools for B2C Interactions
L&T and Intel Partner to Advance Edge-AI Solutions to Enhance Smart Cities
IT Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar Announces Bharat Semiconductor Research Centre
Ambani-Disney Merger May Capture 50% of India's Streaming Market
AMD may have failed to dumb down its chips enough to allow China sales
BitNet b1.58: Pioneering the Future of Efficient Large Language Models
[R]  Road to Sora  - Paper Reading List
Google DeepMind Introduces Two Unique Machine Learning Models, Hawk And Griffin, Combining Gated Linear Recurrences With Local Attention For Efficient Language Models
Sources: Chinese AI startup MiniMax raised $600M+ led by Alibaba at a $2.5B+ valuation; the round remains in progress and HongShan has committed funds (Jane Zhang/Bloomberg)
Jeff Vogt joins Alaska Communications as Chief Operating Officer
AMD hires Thomas Zacharia to expand strategic AI relationships
Anthropic Says it Just Dethroned GPT-4 from Atop the Frontier Generative AI Model Rankings
Quantum startup Multiverse Computing triples valuation as it takes on AI
Understanding Concept Drift: A Simple Guide
Generate Music Recommendations Utilizing LangChain Agents
BlackRock Leads $75 Million Round by AI Safety Startup RapidSOS
Common pitfalls in Computer Vision projects
Prioritizing High-Quality Patient Experiences in Insurance Workflows - with Shane Bray of Blue Cross Blue Shield Louisiana
Managing Data for Effective GenAI Application // Anu Arora and Anass Bensrhir // #215
This VLM can be your MultiModal AI with less than 6GB Memory!!!
From data scientist to lifestyle business owner - Jay Feng - The Data Scientist Show #083
5 Things To Know About Claude 3 - Anthropic's Would-Be GPT-4 Killer
Claude 3 Release and The Problem with Benchmarks
Edge 375: Meta's System 2 Attention is a Very Unique LLM Reasoning Method
Which Overlooked Startup Sectors Will Be Powerful Investments In 2024?
World Economic Forum Partners with Karnataka to Establish AI Centre
Anthropic's latest AI model beats rivals and achieves industry first
AMD's Made-for-China AI Chips Are Too Powerful
MIT Scientist Raises $53 Million to Deploy AI for Dentists
Cloudflare announces Firewall for AI, a protection layer that companies can deploy in front of LLMs to identify abuses before they can reach the models (Kyt Dotson/SiliconANGLE)
Competition in AI video generation heats up as Deepmind alums unveil Haiper
Microsoft accuses the New York Times of doom-mongering in OpenAI lawsuit
Cycode acquires Bearer to accelerate its move into AI-enhanced security remediation
The 'Meth Lab Oompa Loompa Lady' Is Selling Greetings on Cameo for $25
Europe's tech industry is lagging behind the US   but it gives the continent a chance to write the rules of the game
Meet the Real-time NoSQL Database Leading India's Explosive UPI Growth
From Monopoly to Democracy: The Rise of Decentralized Data Empowerment
Boosting the UK's artificial intelligence sector
5 Free University Courses to Learn Databases and SQL
Claude 3 surpass GPT-4 in all Benchmarks
Facebook Login Page UI Clone in HTML and Tailwind CSS
Knowledge Distillation from Language-Oriented to Emergent Communication for Multi-Agent Remote Control
Update: Being made a data architect, still no idea what that is
pyaction 4.29.0 Released
Google's Genie game maker is what happens when AI watches 30K hrs of video games
Claude 3 seems to detect when it is being tested, sparking AI buzz online
Google rolls out updates to its Search ranking, including downranking content that summarizes others' work, to counter the spread of AI content in results (David Pierce/The Verge)
AI Might Not Be the Future of Fast Food Drive-Thru Lanes After All
[R] Analysis of 300+ ML competitions in 2023
Build an AI-powered Meditation Coach in Just 100 Lines of Code
IO Research, a blockchain startup focused on AI infrastructure, raised a $30M Series A led by Hack VC, with Solana Ventures and OKX Ventures among investors (Yogita Khatri/The Block)
A Definitive Guide to Using BigQuery Efficiently
Ema, a 'Universal AI employee', emerges from stealth with $25M
The Noonification: How to Use RunLoop in IOS Applications (3/5/2024)
[D] David MacKay on Random bits being expensive
What is a GPU? An expert explains the chips powering the AI boom, and why they're worth trillions
Man arrested for allegedly trying to steal a Waymo autonomous car
AMD hires former Oak Ridge chief to punt AI to governments
BigGait: Revolutionizing Gait Recognition with Unsupervised Learning and Large Vision Models
Cloudflare announces Firewall for AI
New Video: Pioneering Climate Tech and Mitigating the Impact of Natural Disasters
Elon Musk on the Future of AI, Self-Driving Cars at Bosch Connected World
Numbers Station lets business users chat with their data
Extensible Multi-Granularity Fusion Network for Aspect-based Sentiment Analysis
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/4/2024
Counterexamples to completeness of major algorithms in distributed constraint optimization problem
CT Liver Segmentation via PVT-based Encoding and Refined Decoding
Extractive Summarization with LLM using BERT
Tweets to Citations: Unveiling the Impact of Social Media Influencers on AI Research Visibility
Foxconn Industrial Dismisses Finance Chief Guo Junhong
Ignore This Title and HackAPrompt: Exposing Systemic Vulnerabilities of LLMs through a Global Scale Prompt Hacking Competition
Rapyd Bytes: Python CLI Create Payment and Retrieve Payment
Medeloop Partners with Mila to Leverage Artificial Intelligence in Health Technology
GE Profile and Caf smart ovens are getting a new food recognition feature
Best Free Resources to Learn Data Analysis and Data Science
Researchers surprised by gender stereotypes in ChatGPT
Building a WhatsApp generative AI assistant with Amazon Bedrock and Python
Someone Proved Beyond Reasonable Doubt that I use ChatGPT to Generate My Blog Articles. I don't.
Quoting Drew Breunig
RAG-based Job Search Assistant
Elon Musk suit against OpenAI claims it has achieved AGI
A world of superb theatre at Shakespeare's Globe for just 5 | Brief letters
Chunking express: An expert breaks down how to build your RAG system
Engineers collaborate with ChatGPT4 to design brain-inspired chips
Time-LLM: Reprogram an LLM for Time Series Forecasting
[D] Attention layer complexity vs context length
Common Sense Product Recommendations using Large Language Models
Perplexity Poised To Become Latest AI Startup To Hit Unicorn Status   Report
Spotlight: Honeywell Accelerates Industrial Process Simulation with NVIDIA cuDSS
This Virus Steals Your Data from Generative AI Tools
Overcoming LLM Hallucinations Using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Everything I've been doing is suddenly considered AI now
Meta's CTO replaced his Tesla with an electric Mercedes: 'I didn't know cars could be this nice'
Free TripoSR generates 3D models in half a second
Apple Stock Gloom Deepens as Pressure to Show AI Progress Mounts
Prompt Injection attack against LLM-integrated Applications
Fine-Tuning LLMs using LoRA explained
Wikipedia: Bach Dancing & Dynamite Society
New type of voice assistant for production works according to the rules of AI ethics
AutoChunk: Automated Activation Chunk for Memory-Efficient Long Sequence Inference
Neural deformation fields for template-based reconstruction of cortical surfaces from MRI
Scientists Have a Dirty Secret: Nobody Knows How AI Actually Works
Claude 3: Navigating the Future of Conversational AI with Anthropic
Predicting the Future of AI Investment in 2024 and Beyond
Structure and Relationships: Graph Neural Networks and a Pytorch Implementation
Unlock the Power of Computer Vision using Python: 7 Essential OpenCV Features You Need to Know
Insider cybersecurity risk startup Dtex Systems, which uses ML to monitor networks, raised a $50M Series E from CapitalG at a $400M post-money valuation (Sam Sabin/Axios)
Open-RadVLAD: Fast and Robust Radar Place Recognition
How AI is Helping Retail Brands Thrive
Python 3 + FastAPI + MongoDB
This AI Paper Introduces bGPT: A Deep Learning Model with Next-Byte Prediction to Simulate the Digital World
Cognizant Predicts GenAI Will Inject $1 Trillion Into the U.S. Economy
Google is starting to squash more spam and AI in search results
Hugging Face Launches New StarCoder Code Generation Models
KAIST Researchers Propose VSP-LLM: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework to Maximize the Context Modeling Ability by Bringing the Overwhelming Power of LLMs
Tortoise-TTS Fully Explained | Part 2 | Autoregressive Model (GPT-2)
Tortoise-TTS Fully Explained | Part 3 | CLVP Model (CLIP)
Optimization in Action - First Chapter Summary
New Insane AI Music Generator (Suno v3)
Managing Data for Effective GenAI Application // Anu Arora and Anass Bensrhir // MLOps Podcast #216
Tortoise-TTS Fully Explained | Part 4 | Diffusion Model
Manning Introduces: PostgreSQL Mistakes and How to Avoid Them
Claude 3: The AI That FINALLY Beats ChatGPT?
Tortoise-TTS Fully Explained | Part 5 | Vocoder (UnivNet)
Tortoise-TTS Fully Explained | Part 1 | Architecture Design
ViVE 2024: Is Your Healthcare Organization Ready for AI Adoption?
Apple Shares Slide and AMD Faces Chinese Market Roadblocks | Bloomberg Technology
Observable Framework 1.1
Elon Musk Sues OpenAI and Sam Altman
Explainable AI and Prompting a Black Box in the Era of Gen AI
Benchmarking Pytest with CICD Using GitHub Action
Decoding ChatGPT: The Token Language of Conversations
New York-based RapidSOS, which develops systems to help emergency response teams, raised $75M led by BlackRock, bringing its latest round to a total of $150M (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
The New Super Sentai Show Asks 'What If Fast and Furious Actually Had Superheroes?'
Ema, a generative AI startup with the goal of building a  universal AI employee  to automate mundane tasks, emerges from stealth with $25M in funding (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Accenture to acquire Udacity to build a learning platform focused on AI
How to Take Meeting Notes Better Than Apple
Amazon's new Rufus chatbot isn't bad   but it isn't great, either
Real-Time Hand Tracking and Gesture Recognition with MediaPipe: Rerun Showcase
Waymo launches driverless rides for employees in Austin
Google Is Finally Trying to Kill AI Clickbait
The Meth Lab Oompa Loompa Is Selling Cameo Videos Now
Researchers, legal experts want AI firms to open up for safety checks
The Public Is Rapidly Turning Against AI, Polling Shows
Microsoft may debut its first 'AI PCs' later this month
HPE Cranks the Density on GreenLake NAS
My Kids Will Fancy Generative AI, I Choose to Fight It
Mill's $999 high-tech waste bin dumps the subscription
Nvidia halts GeForce GTX manufacturing, signaling the brand's end
Trump supporters forge AI deepfakes to woo Black voters
Rufus, Amazon's AI shopping assistant currently in testing, is mostly useless, and at best is a slight upgrade on searching manually for product recommendations (Shira Ovide/Washington Post)
Google DeepMind Research Unveils Genie: A Leap into Generative AI for Crafting Interactive Worlds from Unlabelled Internet Videos
LangGraph: Creating A Multi-Agent LLM Coding Framework!
Google Says It's Purging All the AI Trash Littering Its Search Results
Google wants to close Pandora's box, fight AI-powered search spam
ChatGPT just got a new voice feature that reads responses aloud to you
Multi Diffusion for A1111 - Super Large + LOW Vram Upscaling
Microsoft argues Supreme Court's VCR ruling should doom NYT's OpenAI lawsuit
AI could be the solution for bureaucracy with Emilie Poteat from Advocate
UC Berkeley Research Presents a Machine Learning System that Can Forecast at Near Human Levels
Dakota Johnson Says Audiences Will Be Disgusted by AI Content
Meet DualFocus: An Artificial Intelligence Framework for Integrating Macro and Micro Perspectives within Multi-Modal Large Language Models (MLLMs) to Enhance Vision-Language Task Performance
I mapped out all of the Google AI name changes
Microsoft invokes VCRs in motion to dismiss The New York Times's AI lawsuit
Waymo begins testing its driverless ride-hailing service without a safety operator in Austin starting March 6, initially offering the service to Waymo employees (Kara Carlson/Austin American-Statesman)
I would like to start learning and practicing NLP. Can anyone give a roadmap or share tips?
Update: I built an app to do my data science work faster, and I thought others here may like it too!
OpenAI Responds to Musk Lawsuit: 'Sad It's Come to This'
OpenAI hits back at Elon Musk's lawsuit, accusing Musk of suing the company when it  started making meaningful progress towards OpenAI's mission without him  (Bloomberg)
Transcend The Boundaries of Language Models: bGPT Enables Deeper Understanding Through Byte Prediction
Anthropic & AWS-Google Set to Outpace Microsoft-OpenAI Duo
OpenAI pens response to Musk lawsuit: 'We're sad that it's come to this'
Presentation: Multi-Region Data Streaming with Redpanda
[D]Why isn't Hugging Face becoming one of the promising (and young) AI chatbot players on the table (like Mistral AI, Anthropic, Perplexity AI, etc)
Volumetric Semantically Consistent 3D Panoptic Mapping
Political deepfakes are spreading like wildfire thanks to GenAI
OpenAI rejects Musk's accusations of 'betrayal'
Generative AI in Higher Education: Seeing ChatGPT Through Universities' Policies, Resources, and Guidelines
Nvidia may leapfrog Apple in value if the iPhone maker doesn't wow investors with AI soon, analyst says
Nvidia Is the Latest Shiny Object to Spur Stocks to New Heights
Lumbar spine segmentation in MR images: a dataset and a public benchmark
AI Trash is Destroying the Web
Lenovo Fuels India's Hyperscaler Ambitions
AI vs. ML vs. DL vs. DS: A Layman's Guide
Elon Musk Is Right About OpenAI But for the Wrong Reasons
Predictive Fraud Protection
Facebook and Instagram Ran Deepfake Nude Ads of a 16-Year-Old Jenna Ortega
Overcoming the Technical and Design Hurdles for Proactive AI Systems
[N] OpenAI Residency Applications have opened again today until March 11 in SF
Chinese city governments are offering  computing vouchers , worth $140K to $280K, to AI startups, to help create a level playing field with China's tech giants (Financial Times)
Google's Gemini firestorm shows the risks of the company's race to catch up with its AI rivals
Dhruva Space to Utilise Swedish Ground Stations for LEAP-1 Satellite Mission
Overcoming the Limits of RAG with ColBERT
LLMs are poised to make lumbering business intelligence tools easier and faster to use
Snowflake announced global partnership with Mistral AI
Downscaling a Satellite Thermal Image from 1000 m to 10 m (Python)
+10 Resources to Empower Women in Technology
Exploring the psychology of LLMs' Moral and Legal Reasoning
ProCNS: Progressive Prototype Calibration and Noise Suppression for Weakly-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation
DevEval: Evaluating Code Generation in Practical Software Projects
Sowing the Wind, Reaping the Whirlwind: The Impact of Editing Language Models
Swing: Short-cutting Rings for Higher Bandwidth Allreduce
OpenAI claims Elon Musk tried to merge it into Tesla
Building a SQL Expert Bot: A Step-by-Step Guide with Vercel AI SDK and OpenAI API
Dataloop AI announced the launch of its Marketplace
The German Tank Problem
LoRAMoE: Alleviate World Knowledge Forgetting in Large Language Models via MoE-Style Plugin
Epiq AI expands legal solutions as part of the Epiq Service Cloud
OpenAI says Elon Musk wanted 'absolute control' of the company
ThirdAI PocketLLM
[N] Groq AMA - March 6 @ noon PST
Evaluating Spatial Understanding of Large Language Models
Stream LLM Responses from Cache
Logitech's new MX Brio is a $200 4K webcam with 'AI-enhanced image quality'
Language-EXtended Indoor SLAM (LEXIS): A Versatile System for Real-time Visual Scene Understanding
OpenAI says that while discussing for-profit terms, Elon Musk  wanted us to merge with Tesla  or wanted  majority equity, initial board control, and to be CEO  (The Verge)
Difference b/w height 100% and 100vh
OpenAI fires back at Elon Musk in legal fight over breach of contract claims
More than 100 top AI researchers sign an open letter imploring AI companies to provide a legal and technical safe harbor for researchers to study their products (Nitasha Tiku/Washington Post)
RDR: the Recap, Deliberate, and Respond Method for Enhanced Language Understanding
Data Science Hiring Process at Ramco Systems
Meet Gen4Gen: A Semi-Automated Dataset Creation Pipeline Using Generative Models
Context Matters: Pushing the Boundaries of Open-Ended Answer Generation with Graph-Structured Knowledge Context
USC Researchers Propose DeLLMa (Decision-making Large Language Model Assistant): A Machine Learning Framework Designed to Enhance Decision-Making Accuracy in Uncertain Environments
Netherlands Seeks to Prevent ASML Expansion Abroad, Report Says
This Paper Introduces DiLightNet: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method for Exerting Fine-Grained Lighting Control during Text-Driven Diffusion-based Image Generation
UK startup launches AI satellite to provide near real-time images of Earth
Sequence-Level Certainty Reduces Hallucination In Knowledge-Grounded Dialogue Generation
How far back could an LLM have been created?
DeepMind and UCL's Comprehensive Analysis of Latent Multi-Hop Reasoning in Large Language Models
OpenAI Says Elon Musk Tried to Merge It With Tesla
A look at the AI revolution, reminiscent of the industrial revolution but unfolding over years rather than centuries, and the views of AI optimists and doomers (Michael J. Totten/City Journal)
OpenAI says Elon Musk wanted it to merge with Tesla to create a for-profit entity
A new computationally efficient algorithm to solve Feature Selection for Functional Data Classification in high-dimensional spaces
Article: The Hidden Cost of Using Managed Databases
Open Source Models for your next AI use-case
AI generated music is inherently more difficult to make than AI images.
Is AI Fair in Love (and War)?
HomeVisualizer.AI
Anthropics Claude 3 lags behind GPT-4 Turbo
Test automation for AutoCAD Web using Playwright and visual comparison
China pushes 'AI Plus' initiative to integrate technology and industry
OpenAI cofounder says he's sad to witness the 'unnecessary' feud between Elon Musk and Sam Altman
OpenAI response to Elon Musk lawsuit.
Unitor.ai
Inside Google's Plan to Use Generative AI to Ramp Up the IQ of Our Smartphones
Unsupervised Multilingual Dense Retrieval via Generative Pseudo Labeling
Revolutionizing AI Chat: How FUSECHAT Merges Multiple Language Models into a Superior, Memory-Efficient LLM
A Knowledge Plug-and-Play Test Bed for Open-domain Dialogue Generation
Paris-based Zama, an open-source cryptography startup developing fully homomorphic encryption technology for blockchain and AI apps, raised a $73M Series A (Mike Wheatley/SiliconANGLE)
A Novel Image Classification Framework Based on Variational Quantum Algorithms
Text Enhancer AI
VLSP 2023 -- LTER: A Summary of the Challenge on Legal Textual Entailment Recognition
Artificial intelligence advances electrolyte design, understanding of battery interface mechanisms
Mixture-of-LoRAs: An Efficient Multitask Tuning for Large Language Models
Arithmetic with Language Models: from Memorization to Computation
New Here, What to Do?
Design of an Open-Source Architecture for Neural Machine Translation
RADIA -- Radio Advertisement Detection with Intelligent Analytics
Dubai-based social media startup Hunch, which operates an anonymous polling service and claims to have 1M+ users across 22 Indian cities, raised a $23M Series A (Akshit Pushkarna/Inc42 Media)
Microsoft engineer sounds alarm on AI image-generator to US officials and company's board
BiVert: Bidirectional Vocabulary Evaluation using Relations for Machine Translation
Evaluating the Elementary Multilingual Capabilities of Large Language Models with MultiQ
A Measure for Transparent Comparison of Linguistic Diversity in Multilingual NLP Data Sets
CLongEval: A Chinese Benchmark for Evaluating Long-Context Large Language Models
Salesforce AI Research Introduces the SFR-Embedding Model: Enhancing Text Retrieval with Transfer Learning
MateRobot: Material Recognition in Wearable Robotics for People with Visual Impairments
Researchers from UCSD and USC Introduce CyberDemo: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework Designed for Robotic Imitation Learning from Visual Observations
Magic Markup: Maintaining Document-External Markup with an LLM
Hugging Face Introduces New Course with Andrew Ng
Did Translation Models Get More Robust Without Anyone Even Noticing?
Integration of cognitive tasks into artificial general intelligence test for large models
AI tools still permitting political disinfo creation, NGO warns
MedLM: Exploring Language Models for Medical Question Answering Systems
Data Science for Sustainable Sourcing
The Ambani family owns the world's most expensive private residence. Take a look at their Mumbai tower, Antilia, which cost $1 billion to build, has 3 helipads, and contains a 168-car garage.
AI Frenzy Seen Powering TSMC's Rally From Overbought Levels
AI Painting: Release of the Stable Diffusion 3 Model
LLM-Based Agent Society Investigation: Collaboration and Confrontation in Avalon Gameplay
Navigating Cost-Complexity: Mixture of Thought LLM Cascades Illuminate a Path to Efficient Large.
Prompt Mining for Language-based Human Mobility Forecasting
Enhancing Instructional Quality: Leveraging Computer-Assisted Textual Analysis to Generate In-Depth Insights from Educational Artifacts
Saildrone's first aluminum Surveyor autonomous vessel splashes down for Navy testing
German also Hallucinates! Inconsistency Detection in News Summaries with the Absinth Dataset
Why You Should Always Start With a Baseline Model
Research suggests that prompt engineering is best done by the LLM itself, raising suspicions that a fair portion of prompt engineering jobs may be a passing fad (Dina Genkina/IEEE Spectrum)
OATS: Opinion Aspect Target Sentiment Quadruple Extraction Dataset for Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis
SceneVerse: Scaling 3D Vision-Language Learning for Grounded Scene Understanding
Controlled Text Generation via Language Model Arithmetic
French Startup Raises $73 Million for Blockchain, AI Privacy
Generative AI in Pharma: Assessing the Impact
From One to Many: Expanding the Scope of Toxicity Mitigation in Language Models
Apple's car at one point replaced the steering wheel with an Xbox-like controller for when its self-driving couldn't cut it: Bloomberg
Google targets AI spam and low-quality content in its latest search algorithm overhaul
Benchmarking Hallucination in Large Language Models based on Unanswerable Math Word Problem
Emojinize : Enriching Any Text with Emoji Translations
OpenAI hits back at Elon Musk with a blast from the past in email showdown
Multimodal Large Language Models to Support Real-World Fact-Checking
Benchmarking and Defending Against Indirect Prompt Injection Attacks on Large Language Models
Netherlands Proposes Stronger EU Export Control Coordination After ASML Episode
Impoverished Language Technology: The Lack of (Social) Class in NLP
Ibex, PathPresenter to advance AI-powered Digital Pathology adoption
Expressive Whole-Body Control for Humanoid Robots
FaaF: Facts as a Function for the evaluation of RAG systems
OpenAI fires back at Musk, and Monzo raises a megaround
[D] Apollo: Lightweight Multilingual Medical LLMs towards Democratizing Medical AI to 6B People
Python Database Connectivity and SQL Basics for EDA
Salesforce releases Einstein 1 Studio, letting developers customize its Salesforce Einstein Copilot assistant, released in beta last week, at TrailblazerDX (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
SAP introduces innovations to help customers succeed in the era of AI
[D] The reversal curse
A Google engineer ran a secret startup in China while stealing AI technology, DOJ alleges
AdaCCD: Adaptive Semantic Contrasts Discovery Based Cross Lingual Adaptation for Code Clone Detection
General2Specialized LLMs Translation for E-commerce
CWTM: Leveraging Contextualized Word Embeddings from BERT for Neural Topic Modeling
SAM3D: Segment Anything Model in Volumetric Medical Images
[D] Nvidia Tesla P40 works great with Mangio-RVC-Fork
With $1 Billion From Microsoft, an A.I. Lab Wants to Mimic the Brain  . . .
ShortGPT: Layers in Large Language Models are More Redundant Than You Expect
GPTopic: Dynamic and Interactive Topic Representations
gaHealth: An English-Irish Bilingual Corpus of Health Data
NIST staff, US officials, congressional aides, and tech executives detail a massive resource gap between NIST, tasked with keeping AI safe, and tech companies (Cat Zakrzewski/Washington Post)
PPTC-R benchmark: Towards Evaluating the Robustness of Large Language Models for PowerPoint Task Completion
Training CausalLM Models Part 1: What Actually Is CausalLM?
AI is helping doctors diagnose cancer, heart defects faster than ever before
Human vs. Machine: Language Models and Wargames
Source: Y Combinator CEO Garry Tan early this year talked with OpenAI directors about joining the board, but it is unclear if the board is still considering Tan (Natasha Mascarenhas/The Information)
Rapidly Developing High-quality Instruction Data and Evaluation Benchmark for Large Language Models with Minimal Human Effort: A Case Study on Japanese
Research shows survey participants duped by AI-generated images nearly 40% of the time
Chat Vector: A Simple Approach to Equip LLMs with Instruction Following and Model Alignment in New Languages
Prompting and Fine-Tuning Open-Sourced Large Language Models for Stance Classification
IRCoder: Intermediate Representations Make Language Models Robust Multilingual Code Generators
KIWI: A Dataset of Knowledge-Intensive Writing Instructions for Answering Research Questions
Python Tips & Tricks Day 1
Here's something else AI can do: expose bad infosec to give cyber-crims a toehold in your organization
Towards Detecting AI-Generated Text within Human-AI Collaborative Hybrid Texts
How Apple Sank About $1 Billion a Year Into a Car It Never Built
Salesforce Launches Einstein 1 Studio
SaulLM-7B: A pioneering Large Language Model for Law
Baseline Models in Time Series
Apollo: Lightweight Multilingual Medical LLMs towards Democratizing Medical AI to 6B People
Backtracing: Retrieving the Cause of the Query
A Modular Approach for Multimodal Summarization of TV Shows
X-Shot: A Unified System to Handle Frequent, Few-shot and Zero-shot Learning Simultaneously in Classification
Live CEOing Ep 773: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [LogPDF, Multi, and More]
nope, this ain't the self-aware agi!!!
From Kotlin Scripting to Python
Adobe brings Firefly generative AI to mobile for the first time in Express
Elon Musk Cryptically Said Humanity's Future Was Controlled by [Redacted]
Winemakers embrace AI and IoT tools to improve their vineyards and produce better wine
Adobe is making it easier to create social content on mobile with AI
Global VC Funding Settles Around $20B In February But AI Share Increases
[R] Microsoft Research unveils NaturalSpeech 3, a significant advancement in zero-shot text-to-speech technology.
SAP Sees AI as Shortcut to Faster Cloud Revenue Growth
AWS Unveils Generative AI Competency for Customers
Master Data Science in a Year: The Ultimate Guide to Affordable, Self-Paced Learning
Former Google engineer indicted for allegedly stealing AI secrets while secretly running a startup in China
Frenzy Over AI Drives Doubling of Options Trading in Chip Makers
AI Everywhere: Overcoming Barriers to Adoption
Why and How to Achieve Longer Context Windows for LLMs
This AI Paper from China Introduces ChatMusician: An Open-Source LLM that Integrates Intrinsic Musical Abilities
OpenAI Might Change its Name Soon
Why people are falling in love with AI chatbots
First ever trillion parameter LLM
JPMorgan Says Its AI Cashflow Tool Cut Human Work Almost 90%
Why Anthropic's Claude 3 seems more human than other chatbots
AI chatbots use racist stereotypes even after anti-racism training
We tested Anthropic's new chatbot   and came away a bit disappointed
Microsoft is holding a Surface and Windows AI event on March 21
Vmaker AI Video Editor
Eye On AI: Oh The Humanity   Everybody's In A Rush To Reassure AI Development Will Help Us
Sam Altman and Elon Musk are beefing, but the two share plenty in common
Microsoft asks to dismiss New York Times's 'doomsday' copyright lawsuit
Spain-based Multiverse Computing, which makes software to compress LLMs using  quantum-inspired tensor networks , raised a &euro;25M Series A at a &euro;100M valuation (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Palantir wins $178M Army deal for TITAN artificial intelligence-enabled ground stations
Groovy   Cheat Sheet - 01 Say  Hello  from Groovy
Canadian businesses concerned AI bill moving forward without their testimony
[D] Is MAMBA superior to Transformers?
MOSK improves support for AI and Windows workloads
This Bengaluru-based AI Startup is Helping Enterprise Deploy Generative AI Apps Faster
China to submit UN draft resolution on AI cooperation
Briefing: Apple DMA drama, Google Sheets' goes smooth, Netflix's churn success
Classwords   My favorite convention for naming database columns
[D] Tutorial: Facial Emotion Recognition with Python
Stuck in a loop while Learning ML/Deep Learning and I feel whatever I have done can be replaced by a basic chatgpt lol
What Makes Anthropic's Claude 3 Special
ChatGPT Plugins are being replaced by GPTs. Here's why - and what it means for you
Apple M3 MacBook Air review: Still the best Mac for most
The Netherlands are scrambling to stop ASML from moving its lithography business outside the country
Here's How Big Tech Is Tackling Deepfakes
LangChain SQL Agent for Massive Documents Interaction
Some teachers are now using ChatGPT to grade papers
Australian news media could seek payment from Meta for content used to train AI
AI tools for business: Top 6 considerations before building with AI models and LLMs
AI tools generate sexist content, warns UN
Google's new AI can turn images into playable mini-games
Edge 376: The Creators of Vicuna and Chatbot Arena Built SGLang for Super Fast LLM Inference
An AI That Helps You Get a Job? | AI Unlocked
StarCoder2 and The Stack v2: Pioneering the Future of Code Generation with Large Language Models
Broadcom Earnings to Provide Next Test of Resolve for AI Rally
Everything you need to know to prepare for the EU's AI Act
EA says generative AI will make gamers spend more, speed up development time
Adobe adds generative AI to new Express mobile app that's free to try
Streamline Your Machine Learning Workflow with Scikit-learn Pipelines
Former Google engineer charged with stealing AI trade secrets
Microsoft confirms Surface and Windows AI event for March 21st
Google's GenAI Bots Are Struggling. But so Are Its Humans
Tutorial: Facial Emotion Recognition with Python
AI will likely increase energy use and accelerate climate misinformation   report
Has GrAI Matter Labs Been Snapped Up By Snap, Inc?
Spain halts Sam Altman's eyeball-scanning startup Worldcoin over privacy concerns
From Data Science to Production: Generating API Documentation with Swagger
Microsoft employee warns FTC about Microsoft's AI image generator
The Ins and Outs of Working with Embeddings and Embedding Models
Help in seq2seq2 LSTM attention for time series forecast
Building a Copilot Code-First with Azure AI
Audio AI is getting good
I need to show how grateful I am to this sub
Cloudera Unveils Next Phase Of Open Data Lakehouse To Unlock Enterprise AI
Inflection launches Inflection-2.5, which for weeks has helped its chatbot Pi perform  neck and neck with  OpenAI's GPT-4, and says Pi has 1M DAUs and 6M MAUs (Ina Fried/Axios)
Testing Copilot and ChatGPT as Coding Assistants: What We Found
Unpacking the Elon Musk vs. OpenAI Lawsuit
Navigating the Future of AI in the Creative Industries
Sloan's Inbox: Did you face any unexpected challenges in your first dev job?
Microsoft's neural voice tool for people with speech disabilities arrives later this year
End to End AI Use Case-Driven System Design
10 Practical Uses of ChatGPT to Improve Your Life
Turnitin laid off staff earlier this year, after CEO forecast AI would allow it to cut headcount
Zelus Analytics and Tennessee Titans are hiring. NY Jets are looking for interns
Understanding the nature of generative AI
Multimodal Retrieval Augmented Generation, Text-to-Video Generative AI Platforms, and the Future of.
Microsoft Engineer Says Company's AI Ignores Copyrights, Creates 'Sickening' Images
A Little Less Conversation, A Little More Action: How to Accelerate Generative AI Deployment in the Next 6 Months
Microsoft confirms next Windows, Surface, and AI event. Here's what to expect
Salesforce Debuts Einstein 1 Studio Tools for GenAI Dev
Improving LLM understanding of structured data and exploring advanced prompting methods
Adobe Brings Its Firefly Generative AI to Smartphones
Reddit rolling out AI bouncer to halt harrassment
Assessing Leadership Impact with Advanced Analytics
United just announced 3 new international routes starting this year, including one 'fifth freedom' &mdash; see the list
Brevian is a no-code enterprise platform for building AI agents
Google engineer stole AI tech for Chinese firms
Balancing Efficiency and Recall in Language Models: Introducing BASED for High-Speed, High-Fidelity Text Generation
A Structured Approach to Quality Assurance for AI Product Development: 2024 Guide
US gov't announces arrest of former Google engineer for alleged AI trade secret theft
Mistral's Impact on the AI Landscape
Simplifying Cumulus Linux Migrations
[R] Has Explainable AI Research Tanked?
AI drone that could hunt and kill people built in just hours by scientist 'for a game'
The Fear That Inspired Elon Musk and Sam Altman to Create OpenAI
OpenAI partners with startup to create advanced AI models for humanoid robots
Navigating the AI Security Landscape: A Deep Dive into the HiddenLayer Threat Report
Researchers at the University of Oxford Introduce Craftax: A Machine Learning Benchmark for Open-Ended Reinforcement Learning
Palantir Adds General Mills, CBS and Aramark as New AI Customers
Use Rust's Speed to Install Python Libraries Up to 100 Times Faster
I Recreated the Most Iconic Photos of All Time With AI in Just One Day
Generate Stunning Images with Stable Diffusion XL on the NVIDIA AI Inference Platform
What U.S. Members Think About Regulating AI
Gen AI Advice from a Google Cloud Technical Director
Mastering the Arcane: Advanced RMarkdown for Magical Data Science
How I Became a Data Scientist Before I Joined LinkedIn
Gemini VS ChatGPT
Artificial Superintelligence Could Arrive by 2027, Scientist Predicts
GitHub Copilot Chat Tackles Java 'One Billion Row Challenge'
Visualizing household income from government sources   A guided walkthrough
CUDA Toolkit 12.4 Enhances Support for NVIDIA Grace Hopper and Confidential Computing
OpenAI robots and MWC tech lead ZDNET's Innovation Index
There will be no Programmers in 5 years
4 Tips From My Job Search Marathon
AI2 Incubator scores $200M in compute to feed needy AI startups
New research works to improve image classification and analysis
Databricks keeps marching forward with $1.6B in revenue
Social learning: Collaborative learning with large language models
OpenAI's GPT-4 is the Most Infringing AI Model - Study
ChatGPT Is More Likely to Sentence People Who Speak African American English to Death, Researchers Say
End-to-End NLP Project with Hugging Face, FastAPI, and Docker
Supercharge Your Productivity with Ollama + Open Web UI and Large Language Models
Elon Almost Did a Good Thing
CMOs Need A Measurement Strategy That Connects To Business Outcomes
Claude 3 writes multi-user browser painting app in 2 minutes and 48 seconds
AI desperately needs a hardware revolution and the solution might be inside your head
Microsoft Engineer Sickened by Images Its AI Produces
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Samuel Okon | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Josu Huamn | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Purity Nyagweth | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project with Adejumobi Joshua | Kaggle
22,000 H100s later, Inflection 2.5!!!
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Isabela Yepes | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Binita Shrestha | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presenation with Andrea Franco | Kaggle
Huge Mid-layer Opportunities with GenAI
KaggleX Final Project Presenation with Parisa Zareapour | Kaggle
How to Land a Tech Job Using AI
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Disleve Kanku | Kaggle
On Claude 3
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Anabelle Capois Espinal | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Eva Revear | Kaggle
Recruiter's NO BS answer to online certification with @TinaHuang1
New Adobe PDF Assistant AI
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Jessica Pool | Kaggle
KaggleX Final Project Presentation with Anthony Malumbe | Kaggle
IBM Research Unveils SimPlan: Bridging the Gap in AI Planning with Hybrid Large Language Model Technology
Here's why most AI benchmarks tell us so little
Key OpenAI Executive Played a Pivotal Role in Sam Altman's Ouster
Making GenAI more efficient with a new kind of chip
Sources: OpenAI CTO Mira Murati brought questions about Sam Altman's management to the board last year before he was ousted; a new board is expected imminently (New York Times)
Hugging Face launching robotics project with former Tesla scientist
Is Claude Self Aware
Why Starburst's Icehouse Is A Bad Bet
NFT platform Zora is offering a novel way for AI model makers to earn money
The Busy JavaScript Developer's Guide to Generative AI
[D]What do ML researchers think about visual low/no code ml tools?
UK's Post Office Scandal: An Ethics Lesson for Tech Adoption
Inflection's Pi AI aims to provide information and a shoulder to cry on
Broadcom Chip Revenue Misses Estimates Even as AI Demand Grows
Meet Sailor: A Suite of Open Language Models for Bridging Linguistic Barriers in Southeast Asia
Top Video Streaming and Conferencing Sessions at NVIDIA GTC 2024
SXSW 2024 Preview: AI Maturity in Focus
OpenAI's GPT Is a Recruiter's Dream Tool. Tests Show There's Racial Bias
AOC Announces Bill That Would Let Women Sue People Who Make Deepfake Porn of Them
The Cleveland R User Group's Journey Through Pandemic Adaptations and Baseball Analytics
OpenAI Had to Raise Funding Because Musk 'Reneged,' Khosla Says
An Explorer Takes an Emotional Journey Across the Stars in This Afrosurreal Sci-Fi Tale
How To Detect Cyber Injection Attack With Artificial intelligence
Won't AI make the college concept of paying $$$$ to sit in a room and rent a place to live obsolete?
American Community Survey Data via FTP
A Deeper Dive into How CNNs Interpret Images.
NVIDIA and HP Supercharge Data Science and Generative AI on Workstations
Building a RAG tool with Vercel's Generative UI components
Acceleron: A Tool to Accelerate Research Ideation
Interpreting User Requests in the Context of Natural Language Standing Instructions
GraphInstruct: Empowering Large Language Models with Graph Understanding and Reasoning Capability
ProMoAI: Process Modeling with Generative AI
Uncertainty-Aware Relational Graph Neural Network for Few-Shot Knowledge Graph Completion
ALTO: An Efficient Network Orchestrator for Compound AI Systems
[D] Anyone tried using Grace Hopper superchip for AI/ML?
Looks like we may now know which OpenAI execs flagged concerns about Sam Altman before his ouster
ChipNeMo: Domain-Adapted LLMs for Chip Design
Retinal OCT Synthesis with Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models for Layer Segmentation
A Sharp and Solid Outline of 3D Grid Neighborhoods
Speculative Decoding for Faster Inference with Mixtral-8x7B and Gemma
Road to AGI, Shorter than Ever?
Promising and worth-to-try future directions for advancing state-of-the-art surrogates methods of agent-based models in social and health computational sciences
US data center demand for AI and crypto mining are putting new pressures on an overtaxed power grid, as bottlenecks mount and utilities struggle to keep up (Evan Halper/Washington Post)
Pearl: A Review-driven Persona-Knowledge Grounded Conversational Recommendation Dataset
EasyNER: A Customizable Easy-to-Use Pipeline for Deep Learning- and Dictionary-based Named Entity Recognition from Medical Text
Measuring Meaning Composition in the Human Brain with Composition Scores from Large Language Models
Self-Evaluation of Large Language Model based on Glass-box Features
RankDVQA-mini: Knowledge Distillation-Driven Deep Video Quality Assessment
NLPre: a revised approach towards language-centric benchmarking of Natural Language Preprocessing systems
Exploring Continual Learning of Compositional Generalization in NLI
HaluEval-Wild: Evaluating Hallucinations of Language Models in the Wild
Low-Resource Court Judgment Summarization for Common Law Systems
Yi: Open Foundation Models by 01.AI
MaCmS: Magahi Code-mixed Dataset for Sentiment Analysis
From Graph to Word Bag: Introducing Domain Knowledge to Confusing Charge Prediction
AI mishaps are surging   and now they're being tracked like software bugs
PyTorch and MLX for Apple Silicon
Broadcom expects $10B in revenue from AI-related chips in 2024, as CEO Hock Tan says AI revenue, up 4x YoY to $2.3B in Q1, offset cyclical business slowdown (Reuters)
Who Are We Missing? A Principled Approach to Characterizing the Underrepresented Population
Enhancing Large Language Models Against Inductive Instructions with Dual-critique Prompting
Differences between being intelligent, educated, and having memorization.
Advancing Biomedical Text Mining with Community Challenges
The Rise of the 1-Bit LLM
Where does In-context Translation Happen in Large Language Models
A finance professional fired over watching pornography at work said it was because his computer was infected by a Trojan virus
Creating a Scrollable Section Navigation in HTML and CSS
Enabling and Analyzing How to Efficiently Extract Information from Hybrid Long Documents with LLMs
Colossal-AI Team Introduces Open-Sora: An Open-Source Library for Video Generation
Building an AI Assistant with DSPy
Can Your Model Tell a Negation from an Implicature? Unravelling Challenges With Intent Encoders
Google Cloud, Bhashini, and MachineHack Come Together for Bhasha Techathon
On the Essence and Prospect: An Investigation of Alignment Approaches for Big Models
Chain of Thought Explanation for Dialogue State Tracking
Benchmarking Procedural Language Understanding for Low-Resource Languages: A Case Study on Turkish
Processing Natural Language on Embedded Devices: How Well Do Transformer Models Perform?
Common 7B Language Models Already Possess Strong Math Capabilities
Media Bias Matters: Understanding the Impact of Politically Biased News on Vaccine Attitudes in Social Media
Greater than the sum of its parts: The role of minority and majority status in collaborative problem-solving communication
Researchers at Brown University Introduce Bonito: An Open-Source AI Model for Conditional Task Generation to Convert Unannotated Texts into Instruction Tuning Datasets
Quality and Quantity of Machine Translation References for Automatic Metrics
Welcome to 14 days of Data Science!
[D] Giving Autoregressive Models the Space to Think
Wiki-TabNER:Advancing Table Interpretation Through Named Entity Recognition
AI could be an extraordinary force for good. So why do our politicians still not have a plan? | Gaby Hinsliff
Chatbot Arena: An Open Platform for Evaluating LLMs by Human Preference
Do Large Language Model Understand Multi-Intent Spoken Language ?
RED-DOT: Multimodal Fact-checking via Relevant Evidence Detection
Constructing Colloquial Dataset for Persian Sentiment Analysis of Social Microblogs
SGNet: Folding Symmetrical Protein Complex with Deep Learning
Persona Extraction Through Semantic Similarity for Emotional Support Conversation Generation
Computational Modelling of Plurality and Definiteness in Chinese Noun Phrases
Tests show GPT 3.5 systematically produces biases that disadvantage protected groups based on their names alone when screening and ranking candidates for jobs (Bloomberg)
TSMC's Sales Gain 9.4% in First Two Months After AI Boost
Foxconn to Shed Light on China's Tech Manufacturing Sector as iPhone Headwinds Mount
Brazil seeks to curb AI deepfakes as key elections loom
A New Benchmark for Evaluating Automatic Speech Recognition in the Arabic Call Domain
AutoFT: Learning an Objective for Robust Fine-Tuning
Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Assessing False-Data Injection Attacks on Transportation Networks
[P] Flash Attention in ~100 lines of CUDA
DEEP-ICL: Definition-Enriched Experts for Language Model In-Context Learning
Interactive Question Answering Systems: Literature Review
Analytics India Salary Study 2024
Classist Tools: Social Class Correlates with Performance in NLP
A new mapping of technological interdependence
Strong Priority and Determinacy in Timed CCS
QAQ: Quality Adaptive Quantization for LLM KV Cache
UltraWiki: Ultra-fine-grained Entity Set Expansion with Negative Seed Entities
762: Gemini 1.5 Pro, the Million-Token-Context LLM   with Jon Krohn (@JonKrohnLearns)
Chartpack: Retention and Churn Rates - Part 2
Here Come the AI Worms
Multi-Armed Bandit Simulator [https://github.com/FlynnOwen/multi-armed-bandits/tree/main]
Socure names Christian Woodward as Chief Revenue Officer
Ocular AI
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/7/2024
5 Redshift SQL Functions You Need to Know
Anthropic Unveils Claude 3 Models, Highlighting Opus and Its Near-Human Capabilities
Addverb announces partnership with DHL Supply Chain in North America
Lessons From Teaching SQL to Non-technical Teams
BizEquity unveils AI-Powered NAICS Search Tool: The AI Industry Finder
Unlocking the Potential: A Comprehensive Review of Top AI Tools Directories
Life of Pi: Inflection reveals new LLM to challenge OpenAI
LinkedIn open sources lakehouse tool OpenHouse
Edge Impulse launched a direct integration with Arm  Keil  MDK
DC BLOX expands Birmingham Data Center to empower HPC
Ola's Krutrim Needs Korea's Align AI
Become a Wikipedian in 30 minutes
Testing the Depths of AI Empathy: Q1 2024 Benchmarks
Age of AI - large models call for better database choice
[R] Towards General Computer Control: A Multimodal Agent for Red Dead Redemption II as a Case Study - Beijing Academy of Artificial Intelligence (BAAI) 2024 - First Agent able to follow and finish real missions in a AAA game!
HWArobotics to showcase innovative shuttle robotics at Modex 2024
Happy International Women's Day!
You can now train a 70b language model at home
Top 10 Alternatives to OpenAI's Sora
AR got its 'killer app': GenAI
The Claude 3 system prompt, explained
OpenAI replaces ChatGPT plugins with more advanced GPTs
Musk vs. OpenAI, Europe's Tech Crackdown and a Month With the Vision Pro
Why are CIOs who anticipate the future rarely allowed to do anything about it?
I made Piano On Paper, somehow I did managed to pull it off, but it really requires specifics such as light, camera angle, distance etc. I have uploaded this on Git Hub, I would be glad if we can improve upon this further! link: https://github.com/Ma
International Women's Day: What it takes to innovate in the age of Gen AI
5 ways college students can use Copilot for Microsoft 365, starting next month
Navigating Cloud Migration: Choosing right Database for Cloud Migration of Your Data
Inflection AI Unveils Inflection-2.5, Achieves GPT-4 and Gemini Level Performance
This AI Paper from China Introduces Multimodal ArXiv Dataset: Consisting of ArXivCap and ArXivQA for Enhancing Large Vision-Language Models Scientific Comprehension
Intel-Backed Astera Seeks $534 Million in IPO Amid AI Frenzy
Uncovering What OpenAI's GPT Sees When Used For Ranking Resumes
ML Engineering Event: Lineup for apply() 2024 is Now Live!
Illuminating the Black Box of AI: How DeepMind's Advanced AtP* Technique is Pioneering a New Era of Transparency and Precision in Large Language Model Analysis
Nvidia Looks Primed for a Stock Split After $1 Trillion Rally
Filing: chipmaker Astera Labs, which offers cloud and AI connectivity hardware, plans to raise as much as $534M in its US IPO (Phil Serafino/Bloomberg)
How to use Copilot Pro AI to generate formulas and analyze data in Excel
An approach to realize in-sensor dynamic computing and advance computer vision
Indian Govt Endorses IndiaAI Mission with  10,371 Crore Funding
The Real Cost of Self-Hosting MLflow
Come see Paperspace by DigitalOcean at Nvidia GTC!
cuTENSOR 2.0: A Comprehensive Guide for Accelerating Tensor Computations
Nvidia Heads to Biggest Drop Since August After 19% Six-Day Gain
How I organized a one-week university course on Deep Learning
Microsoft's Copilot now blocks some prompts that generated violent and sexual images
OpenAI Clears Sam Altman Without Disclosing Specifics
This AI Paper from UC Berkeley Unveils ArCHer: A Groundbreaking Machine Learning Framework for Advancing Multi-Turn Decision-Making in Large Language Models
Sam Altman Is Reinstated to OpenAI's Board
Coroutines and web components
Advancing Sample Efficiency in Reinforcement Learning Across Diverse Domains with This Machine Learning Framework Called 'EfficientZero V2'
Source: Sam Altman will be reinstated to OpenAI's board of directors, alongside three new directors Sue Desmond-Hellmann, Nicole Seligman, and Fidji Simo (Laura Mandaro/The Information)
Bridging Modalities with VisionLLaMA: A Unified Architecture for Vision Tasks
Elon Musk just got challenged by MattVidPro in Current State of A.I. to put his money where his mouth is and open source his own AI
Nano a nono: Pixel 8 phones too dumb for Google's smallest Gemini AI model
Italy opens probe into OpenAI's new video tool Sora
Five Truths About AI That Answer Peter Thiel's Favorite Interview Question
Easily Train a Specialized LLM: PEFT, LoRA, QLoRA, LLaMA-Adapter, and More
Sam Altman Asserts Control of OpenAI as He Rejoins Its Board
Midjourney Blocks All Stability AI Employees After Alleged Data Theft Attempt
AIs may be better at prompt optimization than humans
Microsoft will launch the first AI PCs on March 21st
OpenAI announces 'improvements' to its governance structure nearly 5 months after Sam Altman's ouster
Stability AI Releases TripoSR: A New Image-to-3D Model Capable of Creating High-Quality Outputs in Less Than a Second
Sources: some NIST staff have threatened to resign over the expected appointment of an  effective altruist  AI researcher to the US AI Safety Institute (Sharon Goldman/VentureBeat)
[P] Alignment for Two-Player Boardgames
An independent investigation commissioned by OpenAI has found that Sam Altman's conduct before his ouster  did not mandate removal  (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Researchers enhance peripheral vision in AI models
Matrix multiplication breakthrough could lead to faster, more efficient AI models
EasyQuant: Revolutionizing Large Language Model Quantization with Tencent's Data-Free Algorithm
A leading ML educator on what you need to know about LLMs
Balancing training data and human knowledge to make AI act more like a scientist
A Weekend AI Project: Running LLaMA and Gemma AI Models on the Android Phone
European Research Foundation wants to promote open source LLM diversity
Make Resume in 60 Seconds
Explainer: What Is Graph Analytics?
OpenAI CTO Mira Murati reportedly involved in Sam Altman's firing
Florida teens arrested for creating 'deepfake' AI nude images of classmates
Sam Altman set to return to OpenAI's board of directors nearly 5 months after surprise ouster
Apple Looking to Overtake Microsoft's AI Dominance With New Siri
TikTok's Latest Crisis, Elon's Emails, AI Monopolies
Altman Is More Powerful Than Ever; Trump's TikTok Reversal
Sam Altman is back on the OpenAI board. We still don't know why he was fired.
How to Use Machine Learning to Make Powerful UFC Fight Predictions
Building RAG Application using Gemma 7B LLM & Upstash Vector Database
I used resume spammers to apply for 120 jobs. Chaos ensued.
Running RStudio Inside a Container
Qdrant 1.8.0 - Major Performance Enhancements
IBM AI Research Introduces API-BLEND: A Large Corpora for Training and Systematic Testing of Tool-Augmented LLMs
Indian political parties BJP and Congress have created and shared AI-crafted political content on Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube, without explicit disclosures (Nilesh Christopher/Al Jazeera)
Can AI be a team player in collaborative software development?
OpenAI announces Sam Altman will rejoin its board of directors, alongside three new members: Sue Desmond-Hellmann, Nicole Seligman, and Fidji Simo (OpenAI)
Using Sun RGB-D: Indoor Scene Dataset with 2D & 3D Annotations
Microsoft makes changes to its AI image generator after employee goes to FTC
He created my favorite hero. I didnt have a chance to share this with Toriyama. I'm sharing it with you all instead.. Goku AI (Project Tori)
WholeGraph Storage: Optimizing Memory and Retrieval for Graph Neural Networks
The GPT-4 barrier has finally been broken, with Gemini 1.5, Mistral Large, Claude 3 Opus, and Inflection-2.5 benchmarking near or even above OpenAI's model (Simon Willison's Weblog)
OpenAI's Sam Altman Returns to Board After Probe Clears Him
OpenAI probe: the board's decision to fire Altman was because of a  breakdown in trust , not concerns about product safety, the pace of development, or finances (Bloomberg)
OpenAI reinstates CEO Sam Altman to board after firing and rehiring
cuTENSOR 2.0: Applications and Performance
10 AI Startups Run by Incredible Women Entrepreneurs
Women in AI: Sarah Kreps, professor of government at Cornell
OpenAI's Altman Is Rejoining Company's Board, Information Says
Developers, Meet Your New Partner: AI
OpenAI announces new board members, reinstates CEO Sam Altman
OpenAI Board Reappoints Altman and Adds Three Other Directors
[Discussion] Which AutoML platform do you think is the best one out there?
Very short computational time in ML and DL [D]
Google BigQuery Introduces Vector Search
AI News Roundup: Is Nvidia's New Chip a 1000-watt Power Hog?
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (March 8, 2024)
Inflection-2.5 Is a  Personal  AI at Near GPT-4 Levels
X-Force: Build AI Agents with A Drag-and-Drop UI and Run It on The Cloud For FREE!
EP54: Claude 3, Gemini 1.5 1M Context Seinfeld Experiment, OpenAI's DramaAI and Inflection 2.5
Digital Marilyn, an interactive AI avatar of Marilyn Monroe that was created using GPT-3.5 by Soul Machines and Authentic Brands Group, was unveiled at SXSW (Bruce Haring/Deadline)
Understanding and Implementing Recurrent Networks (RNNs) from Scratch in Python
Setting Up PyTorch with GPU Support on EC2 without Preconfigured AMIs
Jason Palmer, who beat Joe Biden in American Samoa's Democratic caucus, used AI-generated texts, emails, and an avatar to communicate with voters (Isabelle Bousquette/Wall Street Journal)
The koan of an open-source LLM
A Priority Based Scheduler for Amazon SageMaker Training Jobs
Over 100 scientists sign an agreement that seeks to prevent their AI-aided research for designing new proteins from being used for the development of bioweapons (Cade Metz/New York Times)
[N] Matrix multiplication breakthrough could lead to faster, more efficient AI models
DE&I Tech is More Than a Social Issue, It's a Functionality Must
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman hints at new AI model:  It will be worth the wait
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/8/2024
7 Mistakes to Avoid During Your Data Analyst Job Search
'It's terrifying': songwriter behind Robbie Williams hits out at AI in the music industry
Sam Altman returns to OpenAI board months after crisis
OpenAI's video AI Sora will not be released  anytime soon
How exploration could help with reasoning in language models
Microsoft's NaturalSpeech 3 clones voices and emotions
[D] How valuable is learning CUDA/ C++?
Training great LLMs entirely from ground zero in the wilderness as a startup
The feud between Elon Musk and Sam Altman   explained
OpenAI's image AI DALL-E 3 gets an interface update
En 5 Minutos: Crea una App de Next.js con IA de OpenAI
Ada: The most beautiful free Tailwind Css landing page template
Introduction to Machine Learning
Video Highlights: The 3 Steps of LLM Training with Lisa Cohen
I fell under the spell of an AI psychologist. Then things got a little weird
Stable Diffusion from Scratch in PyTorch | Part II - Conditional Latent Diffusion Models
A Developer's Guide to Understanding Markov Chains in AI
Women in AI: Sandra Watcher, professor of data ethics at Oxford
Is it still meaningful to learn classical NLP for a NLP beginner?
Responsible AI in Data Science
Is server side rendering always good?
[D] ML with R/Python
Welcome to the Valley of the Creepy AI Dolls
GPUs + Kubernetes =? Decoding Next-gen AI-enabling Workloads
Withings ScanWatch 2 and Light review: simple vibes for the tech-fatigued
This AI Paper from NYU and Meta Reveals 'Machine Learning Beyond Boundaries   How Fine-Tuning with High Dropout Rates Outshines Ensemble and Weight Averaging Methods'
How to Go from Software to AI Development - What it means for YOU (Insider's View)
With AI, workplace surveillance has 'skyrocketed'. But are Canadian laws keeping up?
Time Series Forecasting: Beyond the Basics
How I Learned To Code (No CS Degree, No Bootcamp)
Journalist Startled to Discover His Byline Has Been Replaced by Bot
Dev News: NFT of GitHub Exploit, Netlify's AI Deploy, and More
Robust Statistics for Data Scientists Part 2: Resilient Measures of Relationships Between Variables
Screen Protectors Aren't Great, ChatGPT Can Improve Your Life, and More Tech News of the Week
Unable to progress in my skillset
Custom GPT Creation For Data Visualization: A Step-by-Step Guide
Level up your git knowledge with these 10 useful tips to browse git history
Biden's State of the Union included a battle cry against AI mimicry
Artists fume as new Midjourney v6 feature suggests their names for prompts
Removing False Positives from TrackNet (video includid)
A look at Trump's TikTok flip-flop, as he recognizes the app's appeal to younger voters and repairs his relation with ByteDance investor and GOP donor Jeff Yass (Sophia Cai/Axios)
Inflection AI presents Inflection-2.5: An Upgraded AI Model that is Competitive with all the World's Leading LLMs like GPT-4 and Gemini
Microsoft's Copilot AI Gladly Generates Anti-Semitic Stereotypes
How to Improve LLMs with RAG
A Guide To Data Pipeline Testing with Python
Bone-Chilling AI Scam Fakes Your Loved Ones' Voices to Demand Hostage Ransom
Nvidia boss Jensen Huang believes CEOs should have the most direct reports
Welcome AI HR recruiting (of humans)
Are Machines Sentient? How will we know? What would it matter if they were?
What is Generative AI Model Collapse? How Can We Stop It?
The Future Symbiotic Relationship with AI
How to Set the Chunk Size in Document Splitter | RAG | LangChain
What tasks do you find repetitive or time-consuming that you wish could be automated with AI?
[R] Beyond Language Models: Byte Models are Digital World Simulators - Microsoft Research Asia 2024 - bGPT - Exceptional capabilities in simulating CPU behaviour, with an accuracy exceeding 99.99% in executing various operations! Could help combat th
AI Marilyn Monroe adds to the list of dead celebrities digitally resurrected without consent
[P] Fractional GPU containers
CMU Researchers Present 'Echo Embeddings': An Embedding Strategy Designed to Address an Architectural Limitation of Autoregressive Models
Women in AI: Claire Leibowicz, AI and media integrity expert at PAI
[R] PromptKD: Unsupervised Prompt Distillation for Vision-Language Models, SOTA in Prompt Learning.
Can't read a map or add up? Don't worry, we've always let technology do the boring stuff | Martha Gill
The week in audio: Electoral Dysfunction; Black Box; The Price of Music; An Taobh Tuathail   review
How Lenovo wants to unlock AI for all at the edge | Kirk Skaugen interview
Docker - FAQs Part - 1
LLMs surpass humans in predicting which neuroscience experiments will succeed (81% vs 64%)
shouldn't we be spending more time creating models and business logic instead of deploying code?
[R] LLMs surpass human experts in predicting neuroscience experiment outcomes (81% vs 63%)
Supercharge Your Productivity: Top 7 AI Tools for March 2024
You got legal trouble? Better call SauLM-7B
[P] Speed comparison of 5 different ways to implement multihead attention in PyTorch
[P] Trained over 120 Style Transfer MLModels - here they are on GitHub
Florida middle-schoolers charged with making deepfake nudes of classmates
ViVE 2024: How Increased Data Sharing Can Improve Health Outcomes
Embrace the AI Revolution: Explore Text Transformation with Transformers.js in JavaScript
Meet SynCode: A Novel Machine Learning Framework for Efficient and General Syntactical Decoding of Code with Large Language Models (LLMs)
A High-Tech Strawberry and Our Other Favorite Fancy Fruit
'I welcome our digital minions': the Silicon Valley insider warning about algorithms   while embracing them
Clinical trials can save more lives, and faster, with AI
[D] Simulating Plastic Surgery outcomes using GANs/Diffusion
Top 5 Research Trends + OpenAI Sora, Google Gemini, Groq Math (Jan-Feb 2024 Audio Recap) + Latent Space Anniversary with Lindy.ai, RWKV, Pixee, Julius.ai, Listener Q&A!
Researchers from the University of Cambridge and Sussex AI Introduce Spyx: A Lightweight Spiking Neural Networks Simulation and Optimization Library designed in JAX
ChatGPT uses 17,000 times the amount of electricity than the average US household does daily: report
[P] AutoGluon-TimeSeries : A Powerful Time-Series Forecasting library
Revolutionizing Text-to-Speech Synthesis: Introducing NaturalSpeech-3 with Factorized Diffusion Models
Long shot Democratic challenger for president credits AI with helping him block a Biden sweep in the primaries
LlamaIndex Webinar: Tree-Structured Indexing and Retrieval with RAPTOR
#173 Vincent Vanhoucke: How Is AI Helping Advance Robotics?
Get creative in minutes! Learn 10 unique text to image styles today!
LLMWare: App Creation Framework - AI Agents, Function Calls, and Multi-Step RAG!
How to Build a Full-Stack RAG Powered Smart Web Searching AI Tool using Tavily, Langchain & Mistral
Real-time object detection in webcam video stream in Google Colab, using Ultralytics YOLOv8
Positive articles about data science
datasette/studio
Where should I start from?
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/9/2024
Palantir wins a US Army contract worth $178.4M to provide battlefield AI systems for the TITAN ground station, the Army's first  AI-defined vehicle  (Lindsay Clark/The Register)
[N] There is now a viable way to perform time series data augmentation
10 LLM Security Vulnerabilities Explained
Meta AI Proposes 'Wukong': A New Machine Learning Architecture that Exhibits Effective Dense Scaling Properties Towards a Scaling Law for Large-Scale Recommendation
Seeking easy AI tool that only indexes 5 pdf files
Profiling Python Code for Performance
280 ChatGPT Business Prompts
Elon Musk v OpenAI: tech giants are inciting existential fears to evade scrutiny | Kenan Malik
A profile of, and interview with, Salesforce co-founder Parker Harris, who became Slack CTO in January, on tightly integrating Slack, generative AI, and more (Jordan Novet/CNBC)
[D] Is it common to have intuitions different from peers about ML?
Can LLMs Debug Programs like Human Developers? UCSD Researchers Introduce LDB: A Machine Learning-Based Debugging Framework with LLMs
Learning Cache
Are GANs still relevant? [D]
Rust, JavaScript, or Python?
Would starting a PhD involving discriminative vision models still be valuable in 5 years time ?
Unlocking the Best Tokenization Strategies: How Greedy Inference and SaGe Lead the Way in NLP Models
The Ultimate Guide to Free SVG Generators
I use AI agents to de-sensationalize the news
Revolutionizing LLM Training with GaLore: A New Machine Learning Approach to Enhance Memory Efficiency without Compromising Performance
Microsoft Researchers Propose A Novel Text Diffusion Model (TREC) that Mitigates the Degradation with Reinforced Conditioning and the Misalignment by Time-Aware Variance Scaling
Warning over use in UK of unregulated AI chatbots to create social care plans
Huawei's PixArt- generates stunning 4K AI images with accurate prompt following
How does your portfolio look like?
[P] I use AI agents to de-sensationalize the news
It's pretty clear: Elon Musk's play for OpenAI was a desperate bid to save Tesla
Testing an unsupervised deep learning model for robot imitation of human motions
The wisdom of the crowd: LLM prediction ability matches human crowds
The wisdom of the (silicon) crowd: LLM  crowds  predict things just as well as human crowds
[Discussion] Experimenting with generating a synthetic dataset for gaze prediction, why do models struggle to learn on the data?
5 Ways to Survive Your Data Career (Even Though it Might Kill Your Soul)
[D] AMD cards for machine learning in 2024?
What are some popular discord servers for people to share and discuss their CV research or paper?
How AI Technologies are Enhancing Protection Against Online Threats
Make the OpenAI Function Calling Work Better and Cheaper with a Two-Step Function Call
[P] Accuracy Ranking of Classifiers on Tabular Data
Green Alliance sees two fundamental climate risks from AI
Women in AI: Heidy Khlaaf, safety engineering director at Trail of Bits
Selective Forgetting Can Help AI Learn Better
Can I Solve Science?
What Do People Think of Apple's Vision Pro Headsets?
Data Machina #244
This game is not real (AI)
[R] Into the Unknown: Self-Learning Large Language Models
[D] In 2024, what are the latest trends on RL?
S3 is files, but not a filesystem
NLP application and use cases
OpenAI CTO Mira Murati says she was not involved in Sam Altman's firing
Miami teens arrested for creating AI-generated nude images of classmates
[N]   DIAMBRA Teams Up with Hugging Face to Push Reinforcement Learning Research and Adoption!
Can't Believe How Easy It Is To Plot Such A Data Visualisation In Python
How to cross validate your panel data in Python
Data scientists knowing what data engineers do
Automated Prompt Engineering
Learn How Docker Works via Mocker, a Tiny Python Implementation
[R] Wisdom of the Silicon Crowd: LLM Ensemble Prediction Capabilities Rival Human Crowd Accuracy
An interview with Slack CEO Denise Dresser about bringing her own personality to the job, plans to use generative AI, competing with Microsoft Teams, and more (Ron Miller/TechCrunch)
AI's Evolution in Data Analysis   Fortifying Cybersecurity Efforts
An Overview of the LoRA Family
Understanding Data Quality and Why Teams Struggle with It
Time travel - hear me out
Latest Computer Vision Roadmap
Future Opportunities: The AI Market Size by 2030
Ai ART Jam - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
Would a Venture Capitalist Invest in You? Do You Have What It Takes?
What do data annotation companies do?
Optimizing Receipt Processing with LlamaIndex and PaddleOCR
Is GPT ruining our language?
Claude 3 Vs Gemini Vs GPT-4: Who Can Make Amazing Powerpoints?
Self-Correcting AI Coding Agent + Prompting Deep Dive
BEST Cloud GPU Providers For AI - Hyperstack vs Runpod vs Lambda!
#174 Tianmin Shu: How World Models are Shaping The Future of AI
The Perfect AI Prompt (and how to create it)
Does AI Have a Capital Concentration Problem?
Version Your Data Lakehouse Like Your Software With Nessie
Data Job Market 2024: Insights You Need to Boost Your Career
Is anyone working on social media or debate websites moderated by AI?
[R] OpenAI: JSON mode vs Functions
This AI Paper from Cornell Proposes Caduceus: Deciphering the Best Tokenization Strategies for Enhanced NLP Models
The 2024 China-US AI Dialogue Should Start With an Eye on Chem-Bio Weapons
Looking back at  Deep Learning is Hitting a Wall , a 2022 post ridiculed by Sam Altman and others, it still seems that a paradigm shift is needed to attain AGI (Gary Marcus/Marcus on AI)
Decoding the DNA of Large Language Models: A Comprehensive Survey on Datasets, Challenges, and Future Directions
Deja-Vu your AI  Bookmarking Tool
[D] Where do Lora memory gains come from ? (apart from the optimizer state)
A look at AI-enabled dolls, such as those made by South Korea's Hyodol and Israel's Intuition Robotics, which offer companionship and assistance to older adults (Boone Ashworth/Wired)
Microsoft AI Research Introduces Orca-Math: A 7B Parameters Small Language Model (SLM) Created by Fine-Tuning the Mistral 7B Model
Different file formats, a benchmark doing basic operations
Add shiny in quarto blog with shinylive
10 Prompt Engineering Hacks to get 10x Better Results
Craft A Customized Word Cloud Trivia Game with Python
LWiAI Podcast #158 - Claude 3, Elon Musk sues OpenAI, StarCoder 2, AI-Generated Spam
A look at the challenges of academic AI research, as costs to develop generative AI models grow rapidly and tech companies' salaries drain academia of talent (Washington Post)
Is having a background in nonparametric estimation a useful path into machine learning anymore? [D]
Authors sue AI chip giant Nvidia for copyright infringement
[D] Fourier Transform-based Convolutional Neural Networks
Matrix multiplication breakthrough could lead to faster, more efficient AI models. At the heart of AI, matrix math has just seen its biggest boost  in more than a decade.
Training a Robust Facial Keypoint Detection Model
Turns out my best data science work is helping Redditors get jobs...
NICAR 2024 Tipsheets & Audio
How can I effectively defend my deep learning thesis as a mathematics student when computer science students are also working on similar models? [R]
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/10/2024
Java News Roundup: JHipster Blueprints, Jox Channel Library, Infinispan 15.0 Release Candidate
TSMC Reclaims Spot in World's 10 Most Valuable Companies After Stock Rallies to Record
[D] Trying to understand inference with JEPA
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman is back on the company's board, along with three new members
Black Box: the hunt for ClothOff   the deepfake porn app   podcast
Meet SafeDecoding: A Novel Safety-Aware Decoding AI Strategy to Defend Against Jailbreak Attacks
MIT Leads the Way in AI-Driven Warehouse Efficiency
This AI Paper from Huawei Introduces DenseSSM: A Novel Machine Learning Approach to Enhance the Flow of Hidden Information between Layers in State Space Models (SSMs)
[D] Gradient Accumulation for Contrastive Learning (InfoNCE)
Job hunting resources
It's not just chips. Nvidia is betting on other tech that could be impacted by AI.
Enhancing AI Interactivity with Qwen-Agent: A New Machine Learning Framework for Advanced LLM Applications
Spectral Invariant Learning for Dynamic Graphs under Distribution Shifts
On the Markov Property of Neural Algorithmic Reasoning: Analyses and Methods
Storm Surge Modeling in the AI ERA: Using LSTM-based Machine Learning for Enhancing Forecasting Accuracy
Not all tickets are equal and we know it: Guiding pruning with domain-specific knowledge
Social Orientation: A New Feature for Dialogue Analysis
LLM vs. Lawyers: Identifying a Subset of Summary Judgments in a Large UK Case Law Dataset
Benchmarking Large Language Models for Molecule Prediction Tasks
Found in the Middle: How Language Models Use Long Contexts Better via Plug-and-Play Positional Encoding
Control-based Graph Embeddings with Data Augmentation for Contrastive Learning
Continual Learning and Catastrophic Forgetting
TopicDiff: A Topic-enriched Diffusion Approach for Multimodal Conversational Emotion Detection
Removing GPT4's Filter
Enhancing Security in Federated Learning through Adaptive Consensus-Based Model Update Validation
Denoising Autoregressive Representation Learning
TrafPS: A Shapley-based Visual Analytics Approach to Interpret Traffic
Fairness-Aware Interpretable Modeling (FAIM) for Trustworthy Machine Learning in Healthcare
Efficient High-Resolution Time Series Classification via Attention Kronecker Decomposition
Simulating Battery-Powered TinyML Systems Optimised using Reinforcement Learning in Image-Based Anomaly Detection
Breaking the Language Barrier: Can Direct Inference Outperform Pre-Translation in Multilingual LLM Applications?
Overcoming Data Inequality across Domains with Semi-Supervised Domain Generalization
Adversarial Sparse Teacher: Defense Against Distillation-Based Model Stealing Attacks Using Adversarial Examples
Recovery Guarantees of Unsupervised Neural Networks for Inverse Problems trained with Gradient Descent
Switching the Loss Reduces the Cost in Batch Reinforcement Learning
Solving Inverse Problems with Model Mismatch using Untrained Neural Networks within Model-based Architectures
Large Language Models in Fire Engineering: An Examination of Technical Questions Against Domain Knowledge
Analysis of Privacy Leakage in Federated Large Language Models
Considering Nonstationary within Multivariate Time Series with Variational Hierarchical Transformer for Forecasting
Restricted Bayesian Neural Network
Unity by Diversity: Improved Representation Learning in Multimodal VAEs
Foundational propositions of hesitant fuzzy soft $\\beta$-covering approximation spaces
Synthetic data generation for system identification: leveraging knowledge transfer from similar systems
AutoDefense: Multi-Agent LLM Defense against Jailbreak Attacks
Reset & Distill: A Recipe for Overcoming Negative Transfer in Continual Reinforcement Learning
An Improved Algorithm for Learning Drifting Discrete Distributions
The Computational Complexity of Learning Gaussian Single-Index Models
Stacking as Accelerated Gradient Descent
Leveraging Continuous Time to Understand Momentum When Training Diagonal Linear Networks
Simple Multigraph Convolution Networks
(Un)paired signal-to-signal translation with 1D conditional GANs
Mathematics of Neural Networks (Lecture Notes Graduate Course)
ECToNAS: Evolutionary Cross-Topology Neural Architecture Search
A Survey of Lottery Ticket Hypothesis
Unsupervised Graph Neural Architecture Search with Disentangled Self-supervision
An Efficient Difference-of-Convex Solver for Privacy Funnel
Gradient-free neural topology optimization
Selective Encryption using Segmentation Mask with Chaotic Henon Map for Multidimensional Medical Images
Overcoming Reward Overoptimization via Adversarial Policy Optimization with Lightweight Uncertainty Estimation
Quantifying Manifolds: Do the manifolds learned by Generative Adversarial Networks converge to the real data manifold
VTruST: Controllable value function based subset selection for Data-Centric Trustworthy AI
Tune without Validation: Searching for Learning Rate and Weight Decay on Training Sets
JMI at SemEval 2024 Task 3: Two-step approach for multimodal ECAC using in-context learning with GPT and instruction-tuned Llama models
A Data-Driven Two-Phase Multi-Split Causal Ensemble Model for Time Series
GEAR: An Efficient KV Cache Compression Recipefor Near-Lossless Generative Inference of LLM
Poly-View Contrastive Learning
Adaptive Split Learning over Energy-Constrained Wireless Edge Networks
Provable Multi-Party Reinforcement Learning with Diverse Human Feedback
REValueD: Regularised Ensemble Value-Decomposition for Factorisable Markov Decision Processes
Out-of-Distribution Generalized Dynamic Graph Neural Network for Human Albumin Prediction
Performance Analysis of Support Vector Machine (SVM) on Challenging Datasets for Forest Fire Detection
On marginal feature attributions of tree-based models
ManyQuadrupeds: Learning a Single Locomotion Policy for Diverse Quadruped Robots
Neural General Circulation Models for Weather and Climate
LongLoRA: Efficient Fine-tuning of Long-Context Large Language Models
Deep Backward and Galerkin Methods for the Finite State Master Equation
RetSeg: Retention-based Colorectal Polyps Segmentation Network
Generative ensemble deep learning severe weather prediction from a deterministic convection-allowing model
Maximum Entropy Heterogeneous-Agent Reinforcement Learning
A Voting Approach for Explainable Classification with Rule Learning
Improved particle-flow event reconstruction with scalable neural networks for current and future particle detectors
Enhancing CLIP with CLIP: Exploring Pseudolabeling for Limited-Label Prompt Tuning
TAIL: Task-specific Adapters for Imitation Learning with Large Pretrained Models
Mixed Models with Multiple Instance Learning
Nearest Neighbour with Bandit Feedback
Improved Convergence Rates of Windowed Anderson Acceleration for Symmetric Fixed-Point Iterations
Towards Enhancing Time Series Contrastive Learning: A Dynamic Bad Pair Mining Approach
DPOD: Domain-Specific Prompt Tuning for Multimodal Fake News Detection
Brain decoding: toward real-time reconstruction of visual perception
Cooperative data-driven modeling
MixEHR-SurG: a joint proportional hazard and guided topic model for inferring mortality-associated topics from electronic health records
Balancing Act: Constraining Disparate Impact in Sparse Models
A step toward a reinforcement learning de novo genome assembler
Distill n' Explain: explaining graph neural networks using simple surrogates
Functional Linear Regression of Cumulative Distribution Functions
Bayes Conditional Distribution Estimation for Knowledge Distillation Based on Conditional Mutual Information
FedLoGe: Joint Local and Generic Federated Learning under Long-tailed Data
An Efficient Quasi-Random Sampling for Copulas
The R2D2 deep neural network series paradigm for fast precision imaging in radio astronomy
ContriMix: Scalable stain color augmentation for domain generalization without domain labels in digital pathology
Efficient and Multiply Robust Risk Estimation under General Forms of Dataset Shift
A  Perspectival  Mirror of the Elephant: Investigating Language Bias on Google, ChatGPT, YouTube, and Wikipedia
A unified framework for hard and soft clustering with regularized optimal transport
Group selection and shrinkage: Structured sparsity for semiparametric additive models
Molecular De Novo Design through Transformer-based Reinforcement Learning
Spectrally-Corrected and Regularized Linear Discriminant Analysis for Spiked Covariance Model
A dynamical clipping approach with task feedback for Proximal Policy Optimization
Continuous-time q-learning for mean-field control problems
ERASE: Error-Resilient Representation Learning on Graphs for Label Noise Tolerance
Interventional Fairness on Partially Known Causal Graphs: A Constrained Optimization Approach
Joint control variate for faster black-box variational inference
Multi-View Causal Representation Learning with Partial Observability
An Adaptive Dimension Reduction Estimation Method for High-dimensional Bayesian Optimization
Quantized Fourier and Polynomial Features for more Expressive Tensor Network Models
Intriguing Properties of Input-dependent Randomized Smoothing
Beyond Ensemble Averages: Leveraging Climate Model Ensembles for Subseasonal Forecasting
LLM4DyG: Can Large Language Models Solve Spatial-Temporal Problems on Dynamic Graphs?
A Variational Autoencoder for Neural Temporal Point Processes with Dynamic Latent Graphs
Testing Stationarity and Change Point Detection in Reinforcement Learning
Differentiable Learning of Generalized Structured Matrices for Efficient Deep Neural Networks
Out-of-Distribution Generalized Dynamic Graph Neural Network with Disentangled Intervention and Invariance Promotion
A Bayesian Learning Algorithm for Unknown Zero-sum Stochastic Games with an Arbitrary Opponent
Can Error Mitigation Improve Trainability of Noisy Variational Quantum Algorithms?
Persistent Homological State-Space Estimation of Functional Human Brain Networks at Rest
A Survey on Quantum Reinforcement Learning
Algorithm-Hardware Co-Design of Distribution-Aware Logarithmic-Posit Encodings for Efficient DNN Inference
New intelligent defense systems to reduce the risks of Selfish Mining and Double-Spending attacks using Learning Automata
Out of Sight, Still in Mind: Reasoning and Planning about Unobserved Objects with Video Tracking Enabled Memory Models
MuseGraph: Graph-oriented Instruction Tuning of Large Language Models for Generic Graph Mining
LLM4Decompile: Decompiling Binary Code with Large Language Models
Bias-Augmented Consistency Training Reduces Biased Reasoning in Chain-of-Thought
Tracing the Roots of Facts in Multilingual Language Models: Independent, Shared, and Transferred Knowledge
RealCraft: Attention Control as A Tool for Zero-Shot Consistent Video Editing
Large Language Multimodal Models for 5-Year Chronic Disease Cohort Prediction Using EHR Data
RomanSetu: Efficiently unlocking multilingual capabilities of Large Language Models models via Romanization
Consecutive Model Editing with Batch alongside HooK Layers
Optimized View and Geometry Distillation from Multi-view Diffuser
MMAPS: End-to-End Multi-Grained Multi-Modal Attribute-Aware Product Summarization
Automating the Information Extraction from Semi-Structured Interview Transcripts
Tell me the truth: A system to measure the trustworthiness of Large Language Models
Masked Structural Growth for 2x Faster Language Model Pre-training
SocialPET: Socially Informed Pattern Exploiting Training for Few-Shot Stance Detection in Social Media
Evaluating Optimal Reference Translations
Improving Probability-based Prompt Selection Through Unified Evaluation and Analysis
ROUGE-K: Do Your Summaries Have Keywords?
Shapes as Product Differentiation: Neural Network Embedding in the Analysis of Markets for Fonts
DepWiGNN: A Depth-wise Graph Neural Network for Multi-hop Spatial Reasoning in Text
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? The Misleading Success of Simulating Social Interactions With LLMs
Bayesian Preference Elicitation with Language Models
ConstitutionalExperts: Training a Mixture of Principle-based Prompts
An In-depth Evaluation of GPT-4 in Sentence Simplification with Error-based Human Assessment
ChatASU: Evoking LLM's Reflexion to Truly Understand Aspect Sentiment in Dialogues
RLHF-V: Towards Trustworthy MLLMs via Behavior Alignment from Fine-grained Correctional Human Feedback
Few shot chain-of-thought driven reasoning to prompt LLMs for open ended medical question answering
Chain of Thought with Explicit Evidence Reasoning for Few-shot Relation Extraction
Code-Mixed Probes Show How Pre-Trained Models Generalise On Code-Switched Text
To Err Is Human, but Llamas Can Learn It Too
Rule-driven News Captioning
Machine Learning Security against Data Poisoning: Are We There Yet?
A Survey on Temporal Knowledge Graph: Representation Learning and Applications
QASE Enhanced PLMs: Improved Control in Text Generation for MRC
Global Latent Neural Rendering
VISAGE: Video Instance Segmentation with Appearance-Guided Enhancement
Breaking Down the Defenses: A Comparative Survey of Attacks on Large Language Models
A Survey on Human-AI Teaming with Large Pre-Trained Models
Cost-Performance Optimization for Processing Low-Resource Language Tasks Using Commercial LLMs
Explaining Pre-Trained Language Models with Attribution Scores: An Analysis in Low-Resource Settings
Language Generation from Brain Recordings
Can we obtain significant success in RST discourse parsing by using Large Language Models?
(Chat)GPT v BERT: Dawn of Justice for Semantic Change Detection
Ever-Evolving Memory by Blending and Refining the Past
Enhancing Personality Recognition in Dialogue by Data Augmentation and Heterogeneous Conversational Graph Networks
Authorship Attribution in Bangla Literature (AABL) via Transfer Learning using ULMFiT
A PnP Algorithm for Two-Dimensional Pose Estimation
ChatUIE: Exploring Chat-based Unified Information Extraction using Large Language Models
Evaluating Biases in Context-Dependent Health Questions
Harnessing Multi-Role Capabilities of Large Language Models for Open-Domain Question Answering
ACLSum: A New Dataset for Aspect-based Summarization of Scientific Publications
CommitBench: A Benchmark for Commit Message Generation
Cross-lingual Transfer or Machine Translation? On Data Augmentation for Monolingual Semantic Textual Similarity
Gemini 1.5: Unlocking multimodal understanding across millions of tokens of context
FFSTC: Fongbe to French Speech Translation Corpus
Towards a Psychology of Machines: Large Language Models Predict Human Memory
Alpaca against Vicuna: Using LLMs to Uncover Memorization of LLMs
Topic Modeling Analysis of Aviation Accident Reports: A Comparative Study between LDA and NMF Models
RAT: Retrieval Augmented Thoughts Elicit Context-Aware Reasoning in Long-Horizon Generation
AI Literacy in Low-Resource Languages:Insights from creating AI in Yoruba videos
Online Training of Large Language Models: Learn while chatting
Episode three   Repocalypse now
Apple to Open New Shanghai Store Amid Slump in China
Don't Believe What You See in the Age of AI Ads
This AI Paper from China Introduces ShortGPT: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach to Pruning Large Language Models (LLMs) based on Layer Redundancy
Google Integrates Gemini in Sheets
Why Walmart's quick success in generative AI search should have Google worried
Enhancing Large Language Model LLM Safety Against Fine-Tuning Threats: A Backdoor Enhanced Alignment Strategy
From Zero to Fineturning with Axolotl on ROCm
Corover.ai Launches CoroAssist, Information Retrieval Copilot Powered by BharatGPT
BrandPost: A New Chapter of Industrial Digitalisation and Intelligent Transformation
Q&A with Claire Leibowicz, the head of the AI and media integrity program at the Partnership on AI, on male domination in the industry, responsible AI, and more (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Intel-Backed Horizon Picks Banks for $500 Million Hong Kong IPO
Nvidia sued for allegedly using copyrighted books to train AI
InfiMM-HD: An Improvement Over Flamingo-Style Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs) Designed for Processing High-Resolution Input Images
Terrakotta
Unveiling the Dynamics of Generative Diffusion Models: A Machine Learning Approach to Understanding Data Structures and Dimensionality
Approaches to AI Infrastructure for Service Support and Incident Management for Financial Services - with Jason Walker of BigPanda
Elon Musk's xAI to Open Source Grok This Week
[Discussion] [D] Any alternatives to manual labelling in NER?
Fetch any Website HTML without a cors error | Free API
Palantir contracted to build US army's 'first AI-defined vehicle'
How generative AI will change low-code development
How a new database architecture supports scale and reliability in TiDB
Rhapsody introduces AI for Identity with Rhapsody Autopilot
China Begins Testing AI Chatbot for Brain Surgeons in Hospitals
Elon Musk says xAI will open-source Grok this week
Missing NVIDIA GTC 2024 Would be a Foolish Sin
Mujin unveils innovations for inbound and outbound automation at MODEX
Authors Brian Keene, Abdi Nazemian, and Stewart O'Nan sue Nvidia over allegedly using their work to train NeMo, and say Nvidia  admitted  to using the books (Jonathan Stempel/Reuters)
Meet T-Stitch: A Simple Yet Efficient Artificial Intelligence Technique to Improve the Sampling Efficiency with Little or No Generation Degradation
The Mother of LLMs
Mobile gaming expertise must-have for all game companies: GlobalData
Thomson Reuters CEO Steve Hasker says the group has $8B to spend on M&A and AI investments, to help transform its businesses of supplying professional data (Financial Times)
Fine-Tune Your LLMs or Face AI Failure
Elon Musk says xAI plans to open-source Grok this week; xAI released Grok in November 2023, offering access to  real-time  data via a $16/month X subscription (Manish Singh/TechCrunch)
How to choose an AI-as-a-service provider
Scaling early detection of esophageal cancer with AI
Jensen Huang: Even if competitors' AI products were free, Nvidia's chips would still be better value
This AI Research from Stanford Discusses Backtracing and Retrieving the Cause of the Query
jsoup: A Powerful Java Library for Working With HTML and XML Documents
Forthcoming machine learning and AI seminars: March 2024 edition
Feeeed is a reader app that goes beyond tracking RSS feeds
[d] synthetic data generation methods
Nvidia boss Jensen Huang credits his work ethic to his time at Denny's washing dishes
Guest Post: Evaluating LLM Applications*
CQG unveils AI predictive model for traders
[R] Position Paper: Agent AI Towards a Holistic Intelligence - Microsoft 2024
Data Science Hiring Process at Thoughtworks
How to use Copilot Pro AI to finetune your presentations in PowerPoint
[R] ShortGPT: Layers in Large Language Models are More Redundant Than You Expect
Design2Code: Front-end Engineering on Autopilot
Nvidia is sued by authors over AI use of copyrighted works
The surprising promise and profound perils of AIs that fake empathy
4 Certifications to Become Job-Ready in 30 Days
SuperAGI snags funding from Jan Koum's Newlands VC to fuel its full-stack AGI ambitions
10 Underrated Women in AI to Watchout For
Custom-made gen AI for businesses: Adaptive ML closes $20m seed round
FLaNK AI for 11 March 2024
Emergency dispatchers are using AI and cloud-based tools to help those in need faster
Elon Musk says he's making his AI chatbot open-source &mdash; and takes another swipe at OpenAI
A Million Days review   low-budget sci-fi thriller asks if we should trust AI with our survival
Can Synthetic Data Replace Real Data?
Reddit goes public: the latest updates on its IPO
An AI-Altered Hitler Speech Is Going Viral On X
Can a 7B Parameter Large Model Run on 24GB of Memory?
With YAMLScript, YAML Becomes a Proper Programming Language
Running Local LLMs, CPU vs. GPU - a Quick Speed Test
Python Enum: How To Build Enumerations in Python
Making Causal Discovery work in real-world business settings
How To Create A Successful Data Presentation
Machine Learning for Automated Root Cause Analysis: Promise and Pain
AI Startup Roundup: Musk's XAI to Open Source Grok Model This Week
Nvidia RTX 50-series Blackwell GPUs tipped to use 28Gbps GDDR7 memory with 512-bit interface
Covariant is building ChatGPT for robots
The Quest to Give AI Chatbots a Hand and an Arm
AI models show racial bias based on written dialect, researchers find
An OpenAI spinoff has built an AI model that helps robots learn tasks like humans
UG Labs raises $7M to infuse conversational AI into games for kids
Semantic Caching in Generative AI Chatbots
From Concept to Production with Observability in LLM Applications
[D] How does Gemini 1.5 Pro recall information in 10M context?
UK report reveals bias within medical tools and devices
The Download: rise of the multimodal robots, and the SEC's new climate rules
Supercharged pandas: Tracing dependencies with a novel approach
[R] [2403.05468] Will GPT-4 Run DOOM?
Abu Dhabi Targets $100 Billion AUM for AI Investment Firm
What To Make of OpenAI's New Board; The Startup Tackling Karpathy's Vision
Understanding Tasks in Diffusers: Part 2
Elon Musk says xAI will open source its Grok chatbot this week
OpenAI JSON Mode vs Functions
Using Causal Graphs to answer causal questions
Optimisation: Unpacking Queueing Theory in its Simplest Terms
DoP Deep: How are companies using chatbots?
OpenAI CEO Altman wasn't fired because of scary new tech, just internal politics
Elon Musk Shows a Little Self-Awareness, Says Grok Is Going Open Source This Week
A Comprehensive Guide to Modeling Techniques in Mixed-Integer Linear Programming
Finally, a Scripting Language for ChatGPT (AImarkdown Script)
AI image classification errors could ruin your life. Here's one way to reduce them
Covariant introduces RFM-1 to Give robots human-like ability to reason
Dataiku welcomes Phil Coady as Chief Revenue Officer
Nick Costides joins Board of Directors at Robust.AI
New Nonprofit Spotlights AI Trained on Copyrighted Work with Permission
Extropic AI is going to tell us somethi no about the AI processor that they are building!
Revolutionizing Neural Network Design: The Emergence and Impact of DNA Models in Neural Architecture Search
Inflection's Pi Chatbot Gets Major Upgrade in Challenge to OpenAI
Unlock Seamless Material Interchange for Virtual Worlds with OpenUSD, MaterialX, and OpenPBR
Visually, AI is capable of dreaming up new worlds, taking us places we've never been before. Artists like Thierry Lechanteur are using it to create exciting, imaginative, otherworldly outputs. Why aren't we seeing a similar level of creativity in the
Iterating Towards LLM Reliability with Evaluation Driven Development
Nvidia Sued Over Copyright Claims for Using Books to Train AI Platform
AI's potential in life sciences comes with bioweapon risks, warn international scientists
Elon Musk plans to open source his AI chatbot, Grok, this week
How the A.I. That Drives ChatGPT Will Move Into the Physical World
Revolutionizing Robotic Surgery with Neural Networks: Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting through Privacy-Preserving Continual Learning in Semantic Segmentation
TechCrunch Minute: Elon Musk, Sam Altman, and the rest of the billionaires are fighting over the future of AI
How to Save Money Using Large Models?
What is Google's DeepMind Known For? A Look Into Their Major Breakthroughs
AI-generated recipes won't get you to Flavortown
Last Week in AI #261: Anthropic announces Claude 3 models, Nvidia's CUDA crackdown, DeepMind alums launch video-gen startup, and more!
Powering up your startup with AI
Kate Middleton picture fiasco shows we're at the point of no return with trusting anything online
Princess of Wales photo furore underlines sensitivity around image doctoring
Oooof
Should artists be paid for training data? OpenAI VP wouldn't say
Singapore's central bank warns AI isn't ready to handle monetary policy
Reddit's planned IPO share price seems high, unless you look at its AI revenue
Elon Musk Gave Himself No Choice but to Open Source His Chatbot Grok
Human Pose Tracking with MediaPipe in 2D and 3D: Rerun Showcase
Filing: OpenAI rebuts Elon Musk's lawsuit, saying OpenAI didn't violate its founding agreement because  there is no founding agreement, or any agreement at all  (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
async/await in Python
How to Generate AI Images with Stable Diffusion XL in 5 Minutes
A Comprehensive Guide to PyTorch Tensors: From Basics to Advanced Operations
Image-scraping Midjourney bans rival AI firm for scraping images
Evertrail is an AI adventure where you choose the path in the Twitch chat. Worked on this the last weeks, please help me testing if you have time.
Detecting AI-manipulated content is a challenging arms race
Meta sues ex-VP Dipinder Singh Khurana for allegedly stealing documents related to employee pay and private contracts before leaving for a stealth AI startup (Kurt Wagner/Bloomberg)
Exploring the cellular neighborhood
Enhancing Tool Usage in Large Language Models: The Path to Precision with Simulated Trial and Error
You can now make your own custom Copilot GPT. Here's how
INSTRUCTIR: A Novel Machine Learning Benchmark for Evaluating Instruction Following in Information Retrieval
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Text Transforming & Translation
Physicists explore fiber optic computing using distributed feedback
Secure Upload URLs Buckets with Nitric in Python
Chain-of-table: Evolving tables in the reasoning chain for table understanding
AI startup Inflection's new LLM closes in on GPT-4 with only 40% of training FLOPs
DjVu: A Machine Learning System for Efficient and Fault-Tolerant LLM Serving System
How much Sam Altman stands to gain from a Reddit IPO
This AI Paper from Microsoft Proposes a Machine Learning Benchmark to Compare Various Input Designs and Study the Structural Understanding Capabilities of LLMs on Tables
OpenAI announces new board lineup and governance structure
7 LLM use cases and applications in 2024
Nvidia ETF That Delivers Double Gains Sees Record Flows
How Developers Can Survive AI: 3 Hidden Skills To Become Irreplaceable
LLMs become more covertly racist with human intervention
14 takeaways from Mila's first international conference on human rights and AI
What to expect at Microsoft's March 21 event
Introducing the Topic Tracks for ODSC East 2024   Highlighting Gen AI, LLMs, and Responsible AI
6 things we learned from the founder of Telegram's first interview in 7 years
Going top shelf with AI to better track hockey data
A multi-dimensional image information fusion algorithm based on NSCT transform
Sources: Apple is testing an AI-powered ad tool that automatically decides where to place ads within the App Store, similar to Google's Performance Max ad tool (Lara O'Reilly/Business Insider)
Covariant, an AI-powered robot maker, debuts RFM-1, an AI model the company says can process physics, may limit the need for bespoke robotics programming, more (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
Early peeking of A/B testing p-value
Video Generation with Python
Midjourney bans all Stability AI employees over alleged data scraping
Accessibility tip for old HTML pages
Towards increased truthfulness in LLM applications
New AI and 5G advancements will usher in the era of edge computing on smartphones, autonomous cars, and more
[R] Language Agents as Optimizable Graphs
Foxconn Industrial's 100% Rally May Extend on China's AI Frenzy
OpenAI Will Always Offer a Free ChatGPT Version   SXSW 2024
Exploration-Based Trajectory Optimization: Harnessing Success and Failure for Enhanced Autonomous Agent Learning
Quick Tip: Use Threads to Improve Chat with GitHub Copilot in Visual Studio 2022
New AI copyright lawsuit targets Nvidia
Kate Middleton's photo editing controversy is an omen of what's to come
Filing NeMo: Nvidia's AI framework hit with copyright lawsuit
Fast Tracks to Diverse Behaviors: VQ-BeT Achieves 5x Speed Surge Compared to Diffusion Policies
SAP Announces Major Upgrades in Data and Analytics
AI Weather Models Now Outperform Traditional Forecasts
Weekly Top Picks #66
Meta Sues Former Employee Over Alleged Stolen Documents
OpenAI Calls Elon Musk's Claims 'Incoherent' in Court Filing
Running a scheduled task with Nitric in Python
The hunt for ClothOff: the deepfake porn app   podcast
Pika Labs AI video generator now includes sound effects and lip-sync voices
You can refine your Pinterest search results by body type now. Here's how it works
CEO says he tried to hire an AI researcher from Meta, and was told to 'come back to me when you have 10,000 H100 GPUs'
GPT-4 won't run DOOM but will play the game poorly
TaskMatrix.AI: Making big models do small jobs with application programming interfaces
Will Generative AI Replace Software Developers?
Stable Diffusion 3 Stunning new Images - Sora delayed - AI news
The Key Decision Metric for Any Venture Capital Investor
AnythingLLM Cloud: Fully LOCAL Chat With Docs (PDF, TXT, HTML, PPTX, DOCX, and more)
The Questions That Remain Around OpenAI's Board
AMD CEO Gets Down at SXSW 2024
Art of the moment: experiencing Marina Abramovi and Laurie Anderson at the Adelaide Festival
Developer manages to run ray tracing without a GPU, achieves 1 fps on Quake II RTX
Nvidia sued over AI training data as copyright clashes continue
[Discussion] Is this an example of data leakage?
Elon Musk to open-source xAI's Grok AI this week, challenges OpenAI to do the same with ChatGPT
This AI Paper from UCSD and ByteDance Proposes a Novel Machine Learning Framework for Filtering Image-Text Data by Leveraging Fine-Tuned Multimodal Language Models (MLMs)
Training Value Functions via Classification for Scalable Deep Reinforcement Learning: Study by Google DeepMind Researchers and Others
A Logical Pattern Memory Pre-trained Model for Entailment Tree Generation
Reformulating Sequential Recommendation: Learning Dynamic User Interest with Content-enriched Language Modeling
How to Understand Named Entities: Using Common Sense for News Captioning
MRL Parsing Without Tears: The Case of Hebrew
Plug-and-Play Policy Planner for Large Language Model Powered Dialogue Agents
SemPLeS: Semantic Prompt Learning for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
ERA-CoT: Improving Chain-of-Thought through Entity Relationship Analysis
Improving Audio-Visual Speech Recognition by Lip-Subword Correlation Based Visual Pre-training and Cross-Modal Fusion Encoder
The Power of Noise: Toward a Unified Multi-modal Knowledge Graph Representation Framework
TransERR: Translation-based Knowledge Graph Embedding via Efficient Relation Rotation
ConspEmoLLM: Conspiracy Theory Detection Using an Emotion-Based Large Language Model
Real-Time Bidding with AI: A Developer's Guide
End-to-end solution for linked open data query logs analytics
Strength Lies in Differences! Towards Effective Non-collaborative Dialogues via Tailored Strategy Planning
Jailbreaking ChatGPT via Prompt Engineering: An Empirical Study
Constructing Vec-tionaries to Extract Message Features from Texts: A Case Study of Moral Appeals
Hybrid Human-LLM Corpus Construction and LLM Evaluation for Rare Linguistic Phenomena
ACT-MNMT Auto-Constriction Turning for Multilingual Neural Machine Translation
Mastering Symbolic Operations: Augmenting Language Models with Compiled Neural Networks
Comparison of pipeline, sequence-to-sequence, and GPT models for end-to-end relation extraction: experiments with the rare disease use-case
CLIcK: A Benchmark Dataset of Cultural and Linguistic Intelligence in Korean
M4: Multi-generator, Multi-domain, and Multi-lingual Black-Box Machine-Generated Text Detection
InstructDET: Diversifying Referring Object Detection with Generalized Instructions
KELLMRec: Knowledge-Enhanced Large Language Models for Recommendation
Detecting a Proxy for Potential Comorbid ADHD in People Reporting Anxiety Symptoms from Social Media Data
Materials science in the era of large language models: a perspective
From Chatbots to PhishBots? -- Preventing Phishing scams created using ChatGPT, Google Bard and Claude
Assessment of Sports Concussion in Female Athletes: A Role for Neuroinformatics?
LMSYS-Chat-1M: A Large-Scale Real-World LLM Conversation Dataset
Unsupervised Real-Time Hallucination Detection based on the Internal States of Large Language Models
VERVE: Template-based ReflectiVE Rewriting for MotiVational IntErviewing
A transductive few-shot learning approach for classification of digital histopathological slides from liver cancer
TRAD: Enhancing LLM Agents with Step-Wise Thought Retrieval and Aligned Decision
Development of a Reliable and Accessible Caregiving Language Model (CaLM)
Optimized Vectorizing of Building Structures with Switch: High-Efficiency Convolutional Channel-Switch Hybridization Strategy
Exploring Large Language Models and Hierarchical Frameworks for Classification of Large Unstructured Legal Documents
MedKP: Medical Dialogue with Knowledge Enhancement and Clinical Pathway Encoding
Improving Speaker Assignment in Speaker-Attributed ASR for Real Meeting Applications
Node-weighted Graph Convolutional Network for Depression Detection in Transcribed Clinical Interviews
Evolving Knowledge Distillation with Large Language Models and Active Learning
Effective Large Language Model Adaptation for Improved Grounding and Citation Generation
On the Consideration of AI Openness: Can Good Intent Be Abused?
RSBA: Robust Statistical Backdoor Attack under Privilege-Constrained Scenarios
DiffAR: Denoising Diffusion Autoregressive Model for Raw Speech Waveform Generation
Code-Based English Models Surprising Performance on Chinese QA Pair Extraction Task
Xiezhi: An Ever-Updating Benchmark for Holistic Domain Knowledge Evaluation
Guiding Clinical Reasoning with Large Language Models via Knowledge Seeds
Naming, Describing, and Quantifying Visual Objects in Humans and LLMs
No Language is an Island: Unifying Chinese and English in Financial Large Language Models, Instruction Data, and Benchmarks
Tuning-Free Accountable Intervention for LLM Deployment -- A Metacognitive Approach
CodeApex: A Bilingual Programming Evaluation Benchmark for Large Language Models
Exploring the landscape of large language models in medical question answering
Exploring Iterative Enhancement for Improving Learnersourced Multiple-Choice Question Explanations with Large Language Models
Multilingual Turn-taking Prediction Using Voice Activity Projection
SPLADE-v3: New baselines for SPLADE
Synergistic Anchored Contrastive Pre-training for Few-Shot Relation Extraction
RA-ISF: Learning to Answer and Understand from Retrieval Augmentation via Iterative Self-Feedback
Alleviating Hallucinations of Large Language Models through Induced Hallucinations
Sentiment analysis with adaptive multi-head attention in Transformer
Is ChatGPT More Empathetic than Humans?
Analyzing Dataset Annotation Quality Management in the Wild
Academically intelligent LLMs are not necessarily socially intelligent
HealMe: Harnessing Cognitive Reframing in Large Language Models for Psychotherapy
Instances Need More Care: Rewriting Prompts for Instances with LLMs in the Loop Yields Better Zero-Shot Performance
An Audio-textual Diffusion Model For Converting Speech Signals Into Ultrasound Tongue Imaging Data
AC-EVAL: Evaluating Ancient Chinese Language Understanding in Large Language Models
MEND: Meta dEmonstratioN Distillation for Efficient and Effective In-Context Learning
Scale your Machine Learning Projects  with SOLID principles
A Guide To Building a Data Department From Scratch
Test Driving a Rails API - Part One
How to Detect Concept Drift Without Labels
ChatGPT for Protein Formula
French startup Nijta hopes to protect voice privacy in AI use cases
Midjourney Unveils New Feature to Create Consistent Characters
[Discussion] Do diffusion models do any representation learning?
Exploring Regression Analysis: Unveiling Data's Hidden Patterns
I am Jack's Complete Lack of Job Satsifaction
How this Amsterdam-based AI Startup is Building 'ChatGPT for Protein Formulas'
Meet Apollo: Open-Sourced Lightweight Multilingual Medical LLMs towards Democratizing Medical AI to 6B People
This Machine Learning Research from Tel Aviv University Reveals a Significant Link between Mamba and Self-Attention Layers
gh-116167: Allow disabling the GIL with PYTHON_GIL=0 or -X gil=0
Ray-Ban's Meta sunglasses can now identify and describe landmarks
Sam Altman Joins New OpenAI Board and Grok to Go Open-Source in Latest Positioning Efforts
This AI Horror Movie Will Chill Your Spine
OpenAI says Elon Musk's lawsuit allegations are 'incoherent'
Meta sues former executive over alleged AI theft
Learn how to implement the softmax function in python!
Applied Intuition lands $6 billion valuation for AI-powered autonomous vehicle software
01.AI launches Top-Performing Vector Database  Descartes  for LLM
Google AI Introduces Croissant: A Metadata Format for Machine Learning-Ready Datasets
Automation Anywhere delivers a record fourth quarter performance
Why Are Data Centres in India Moving to Tier 2, 3 and 4 Cities?
[D] Can someone please clarify if web search LLMs like Perplexity, You.com, or Coral Search are crawling the entire web themselves? Otherwise, how do they differ from simply combining a search API with any LLM model?
Unlocking Advanced Vision AI: The Transformative Power of Image World Models and Joint-Embedding Predictive Architectures
Now it's NVIDIA being sued over AI copyright infringement
A Post-Pandemic Autopsy of Retail and eCommerce Challenges - with Poonam Goyal of Bloomberg Intelligence
When to RAG, and When (Not) to XGBoost
5 ways to boost your salary as a software developer in 2024
Make the most of GPUs for machine learning applications
Stability AI Claims Intel Gaudi 2 is Faster than NVIDIA H100
AuditBoard reveals new capabilities for audit, risk & compliance teams
How AI has already changed coding forever
Microsoft calls AI privacy complaint 'doomsday hyperbole'
Tesla, Optimus Scientist Leads Hugging Face Robotics Project Launch
Cohere Releases Command-R, a Model Focused on Scalability and RAG
Why generative AI systems are stupid
LG makes strategic investment in Bear Robotics
Reader Poll: It's IT Jim, but not as we know it
AI model makes hospital notes patient-friendly
Your Kid May Already Be Watching AI-Generated Videos on YouTube
Elon Musk's suit against OpenAI   right idea, wrong messenger
Chatbot Arena: An Open Platform for Evaluating LLMs through Crowdsourced, Pairwise Human Preferences
OpenAI rebuts Musk's 'fictional' claims over Founding Agreement
Edge 377: LLM Reasoning with Reinforced Fine-Tuning
The great YouTube exodus is coming &mdash; leaving AI junk and MrBeast to reign supreme
A Dive into Conversational AI
Covariant claims its AI model will let robots learn like humans
Midjourney's consistent characters could be a minor update with major economic impact
An interview with Pavel Durov on running Telegram, which has ~50 full time staff, its Dubai HQ, reaching 1B MAUs in 12-14 months, Russia, moderation, and more (Hannah Murphy/Financial Times)
The ML Product Manager: Building AI-powered Solution
AI is Now Killing Prompt Engineering Jobs
7 Tips To Make You a Google Gemini Expert
Presentation: Enabling Remote Query Execution Through DuckDB Extensions
Could an AI replace all music ever recorded with Taylor Swift covers?
UNC-Chapel Hill Researchers Introduce Contrastive Region Guidance (CRG): A Training-Free Guidance AI Method that Enables Open-Source Vision-Language Models VLMs to Respond to Visual Prompts
We asked Intel to define 'AI PC'. Its reply: 'Anything with our latest CPUs'
Bear Robotics, a robot waiter startup, just picked up $60M from LG
LLMOps: What It Is, Why It Matters, and How to Implement It
Accel Backs Startup Seeking to Use AI to Kill Finance Paperwork
Implementing a RAG System on DuckDB Using JinaAI and SuperDuperDB
TOP 10 insideBIGDATA Articles for February 2024
AI in Everyday Life: How Artificial Intelligence Impacts Our Daily Activities
Musk says will 'open source' Grok chatbot
Arm Traders Brace for a Selloff as Lockup Lifts After Big Rally
The Evolution of Web Development in Sri Lanka
A profile of several AI  doomers , including AI Impacts researcher Katja Grace, and  effective accelerationists , as both make arguments about the future of AI (Andrew Marantz/New Yorker)
TechScape: My pet theory that Google's Waze will help drive Starmer to No 10
Pienso builds no-code tools for training AI models
Nvidia RTX 20 and GTX 16 series GPU owners gain Resizable BAR support
Elevate Your Web Design: How to Enhance Your HTML with GitHub Utils CSS via CDN
Fuel Your Intelligent Apps with Azure AI
Felicis, Quotient AI and Cellino will dish on TAM at TechCrunch Early Stage 2024
Building a data-driven health-care ecosystem
XAI's Grok to be Opensourced
Nanonets gets Accel India's backing to improve AI-based workflow automation
Veteran investor Anne Glover (Amadeus Capital) on Europe's chance to shine in deep tech
Generative AI video startup Tavus raises $18M to bring face and voice cloning to any app
Teens Arrested For Making Deepfake Nude Images of Classmates in First-Ever US Case
Generative AI will change customer service forever. Here's how we get there
7 GPTs to Help Improve Your Data Science Workflow
CTEs in MySQL | Advanced MySQL Series
A Decade of AI Safety and Trust // Petar Tsankov // MLOps Podcast #218
765: NumPy, SciPy and the Economics of Open-Source   with Dr. Travis Oliphant
Cohere's Command-R a New Model for RAG
#87: Reactions to Sam Altman's Bombshell AI Quote, Enterprises Embrace Custom AI Models, and How AI Is Changing Writing Forever
Google joins collaborative efforts to build localized large language models
How would you like to see generative AI used in video games?
A beginner's guide to building a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application from scratch
TikTok Owner Boosts China Ties, Invests in State-Backed Chip Firm
Axion Ray's AI attempts to detect product flaws to prevent recalls
DoorDash's new AI-powered 'SafeChat+' tool automatically detects verbal abuse
OpenAI Rejects Musk's 'Fictitious' Founding Deal in Heated Legal Battle
Market doomsayer Jeremy Grantham says stocks are at 'illogical and dangerous' levels &mdash; and warns the AI bubble will pop
Google confirms it's restricting Gemini election queries globally
Tierra Biosciences nabs $11 million to create new AI-guided proteins
Empathy closes $47M for AI to help with the practical and emotional bereavement process
Google Announces Meridian, A Marketing Mix Modeling Tool
I Spent $96k To Become a Data Scientist. Here Are 5 Crucial Lessons All Beginners Must Know
How Stack Overflow is partnering with Google to encourage socially responsible AI
AI startups reach record funding of nearly $50 billion in 2023
Nanonets, which offers AI tools to process business invoices in as little as one minute, raised a $29M Series B led by Accel India, for $40M in total funding (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Gold-Medalist Coders Build an AI That Can Do Their Job for Them
New LLM Benchmark Leaderboard: WildBench
AI Challenges and Benefits in Space Applications
INSANELY Fast AI Cold Call Agent- built w/ Groq
Family takes fight against deepfake nudes to Washington
OpenAI Ridicules Elon Musk's  Incoherent  Lawsuit
OpenAI claps back at Elon Musk's 'incoherent' lawsuit, says he's jealous of the company's success without him
Python libraries you need to know in 2024
U.S. Must Act Quickly to Avoid Risks From AI, Report Says
5 Free University Courses to Learn Computer Science
How to improve the throughput of LLM application servers
Where Have All The AI Returns Gone?
RWKV Project Open-Sources LLM Eagle 7B
Generative AI Providers Quietly Tamp Down Expectations
This AI newsletter is all you need #90
Bias in Vision-Language Models: Income Inequality in Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP)
#AAAI2024 workshops round-up 2: AI for credible elections, and are large language models simply causal parrots?
Ontrak Health announces continuing expansion with Sentara Health
Edge AI Chip Market to Hit $60B by 2028 as Small Models, PCs Boost Demand
LatticeFlow AI appoints two established AI execs to its Advisory Board
How To Use RAG To Improve Your LLM's Reasoning Skills
OpenAI calls Elon Musk's lawsuit claims 'incoherent'
Reviving a Digital Legend: LimeWire's Transformation into a Generative AI Powerhouse
What's currently the best way to create AI tts for audiobooks that can be run locally?
OpenAI hired the lawyer who helped force Elon Musk to buy Twitter
Transformative Trends: GenAI & Hyperautomation Propel Organizations into a New Era of Success
This startup taps quantum, AI to fast-track discovery of new materials
Do you regret getting into computer vision?
Empathy, a startup offering an AI-backed service to help users navigate the bereavement process, raised a $47M Series B, sources say at a nearly $400M valuation (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Designing Machine Learning Workflows in Python
InstantID: Zero-shot Identity-Preserving Generation in Seconds
Enhancing Language Model Reasoning with Expert Iteration: Bridging the Gap Through Reinforcement Learning
Stonebraker Seeks to Invert the Computing Paradigm with DBOS
Deepgram's Aura gives AI agents a voice
Transformers Well Explained: Masking
You Can Now Recreate the Same Character Across Different AI Images on Midjourney
Google job ad and Alphabet spin-off point to AI sustainability concerns
Powerful AI Tools Can Change Your Small And Medium Business Growth
TechCrunch Minute: Reddit's IPO success may hinge on AI boom
Towards a universal mechanism for successful deep learning
What is RAG? A quick 101
UK unicorn Quantexa makes big deal with Microsoft
Google Play will show AI-powered FAQs and recent YouTube videos for games
French startup Mistral AI vows to maintain open source
8 Ways that LLMs and Generative AI are Changing Hardware
Self-driving startup Applied Intuition raised a $250M Series E led by Lux, Elad Gil, and Porsche at a $6B valuation and works with  18 of the top 20 automakers  (Sean O'Kane/TechCrunch)
Google updates Google Play game listings, including AI-powered FAQs and new ad formats, adds support for listing PC games, and says Play Points hit 220M members (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
OpenAI calls Elon Musk's lawsuit 'frivolous' and 'incoherent' in legal filing
Grafana Lab's Second Annual Observability Survey Offers Insights Into the Evolving Observability Market
A safety group graded 14 driver-assistance systems. Tesla's self-driving option was the worst.
Meta Reveals GPU Clusters Used to Train Llama 3
Calculating Video Quality Using NVIDIA GPUs and VMAF-CUDA
Training AI for smart bicycles
Beyond Human Limits: Revolutionizing Neuroscience Prediction with 'BrainGPT'
[Discussion]: Datasheets for Datasets  paper and its relevance in the real world
Stability AI quietly replaces CTO
Cognition emerges from stealth to launch AI software engineer Devin
Looking for candid feedback
Replica theory shows deep neural networks think alike
A Data Analysis Project   Adidas Sales Report.
HIMSS24: How AI Will Help Healthcare Take 'Another Quantum Leap Forward'
Unveiling the Simplicity within Complexity: The Linear Representation of Concepts in Large Language Models
Meet Modeling Collaborator: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework that Allows Anyone to Train Vision Models Using Natural Language Interactions and Minimal Effort
AI is creating fake legal cases and making its way into real courtrooms, with disastrous results
[R] Stealing Part of a Production Language Model
Geely-Backed Phonemaker Taps Banks for IPO at $2 Billion Value
5 FRONTEND DEVELOPMENT BEST PRACTICES
The Kate Middleton photo scandal is a rare   and consequential   flub
Source: Physical Intelligence, a startup making an AI model for  any robot or physical device , has raised $70M from Thrive, Khosla, Lux, OpenAI, Sequoia, more (Ashlee Vance/Bloomberg)
The Bing Cache thinks GPT-4.5 is coming
Revolutionizing Teaching: A Comprehensive Review of AI Tools for Educators
Perplexity brings Yelp data to its chatbot
AI safety is not a model property
Banning open source AI models: US report proposes radical measures for AI safety
Talk like a graph: Encoding graphs for large language models
[P] LLM Hallucination Detection for Real-World RAG
CSS Battle #2 - Carrom
The Kate Middleton Photo's Most Glaring Photoshop Mistakes
From Text to Visuals: How AWS AI Labs and University of Waterloo Are Changing the Game with MAGID
Retrieval Augmented Thoughts (RAT): An AI Prompting Strategy that Synergies Chain of Thought (CoT) Prompting and Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) to Address the Challenging Long-Horizon Reasoning and Generation Tasks
Money and politics continue to merge in AI safety   including a new Super PAC  | The AI Beat
Midjourney Bans Stability From Using Its Images Without Permission
Anti-AI sentiment gets big applause at SXSW 2024 as storytellers dub AI cheerleading as 'terrifying bullsh**'
NYT to OpenAI: No hacking here, just ChatGPT bypassing paywalls
Autonomous Vehicle Startup Applied Intuition Hits $6B Valuation After $250M Series E
Python 3.13.0 alpha 5 is now available
Off-road autonomous driving tools focused on camera vision
Astro DB
Streamline Live Media Application Development with New Features in NVIDIA Holoscan for Media
Workplace AI, robots and trackers are bad for quality of life, study finds
Remote driving startup Phantom Auto is shutting down
Ancient scrolls are being 'read' by machine learning     with human knowledge to detect language and make sense of them
Google restricts AI chatbot Gemini from answering questions on 2024 elections
Meta details its two new data center scale clusters, both containing 24,576 Nvidia H100 GPUs that the company is using for AI workloads like training Llama 3 (Charlotte Trueman/DatacenterDynamics)
Nvidia Leads Semiconductor Stock Rebound After Two-Day Selloff
Paris- and New York-based Adaptive ML, which helps businesses build custom tools with open-source generative AI models, raised a $20M seed led by Index Ventures (Daphn&eacute; Leprince-Ringuet/Sifted)
New AI technology enables 3D capture and editing of real-life objects
Building Meta's GenAI Infrastructure:  Meta's long-term vision is to build artificial general intelligence (AGI) that is open and built responsibly so that it can be widely available for everyone to benefit from
Devin by Cognition
Google's Gemini will steer clear of election talk in India
OpenAI's GPT-4.5 Turbo leaked on search engines and could launch in June
A New 'Tech Supercycle' is Emerging   SXSW 2024
US pushes to weaken international human rights treaty on use of AI software
Australian Firm Bulks Up to Keep Up With AI-Powered Nav Tech
Our jobs are safe  confidence is by seniors. That presents an  aging population  problem.
What are the general  checklist  of data cleaning and pre-processing before doing any analysis or modeling?
The AI-generated hell of the 2024 election
Multi-objective multigraph feature extraction for the shortest path cost prediction
Tim Berners-Lee shares top predictions on web's 35th anniversary
Glacier is training AI-powered recycling robots
[D] ML interview burnout
There's so much AI isn't capable of. People are delusional
DeepMind Co-founder: Practical AGI is 'Decades Away'   SXSW 2024
Whiteness-based bilevel learning of regularization parameters in imaging
Stochastic Extragradient with Random Reshuffling: Improved Convergence for Variational Inequalities
Customizable Avatars with Dynamic Facial Action Coded Expressions (CADyFACE) for Improved User Engagement
Quantifying and Mitigating Privacy Risks for Tabular Generative Models
A slice classification neural network for automated classification of axial PET/CT slices from a multi-centric lymphoma dataset
Efficient Knowledge Deletion from Trained Models through Layer-wise Partial Machine Unlearning
Joint Selection: Adaptively Incorporating Public Information for Private Synthetic Data
Near-Interpolators: Rapid Norm Growth and the Trade-Off between Interpolation and Generalization
A New Machine Learning Dataset of Bulldog Nostril Images for Stenosis Degree Classification
Fairness Feedback Loops: Training on Synthetic Data Amplifies Bias
Visual Privacy Auditing with Diffusion Models
How does promoting the minority fraction affect generalization? A theoretical study of the one-hidden-layer neural network on group imbalance
New Perspectives in Online Contract Design: Heterogeneous, Homogeneous, Non-myopic Agents and Team Production
Re-Simulation-based Self-Supervised Learning for Pre-Training Foundation Models
Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with a Hierarchy of Reward Machines
GuideGen: A Text-guided Framework for Joint CT Volume and Anatomical structure Generation
One Category One Prompt: Dataset Distillation using Diffusion Models
Calibrating Multi-modal Representations: A Pursuit of Group Robustness without Annotations
Phase autoencoder for limit-cycle oscillators
Adaptive Gain Scheduling using Reinforcement Learning for Quadcopter Control
A Framework for Cost-Effective and Self-Adaptive LLM Shaking and Recovery Mechanism
Machine Learning for Soccer Match Result Prediction
Automatic driving lane change safety prediction model based on LSTM
Monitoring AI-Modified Content at Scale: A Case Study on the Impact of ChatGPT on AI Conference Peer Reviews
Improving prediction of students' performance in intelligent tutoring systems using attribute selection and ensembles of different multimodal data sources
ProPML: Probability Partial Multi-label Learning
Anderson acceleration for iteratively reweighted $\\ell_1$ algorithm
Tractable Joint Prediction and Planning over Discrete Behavior Modes for Urban Driving
Knowledge Graph Large Language Model (KG-LLM) for Link Prediction
FAX: Scalable and Differentiable Federated Primitives in JAX
SoK: Can Trajectory Generation Combine Privacy and Utility?
WorkArena: How Capable Are Web Agents at Solving Common Knowledge Work Tasks?
Curry-DPO: Enhancing Alignment using Curriculum Learning & Ranked Preferences
Tracking Dynamic Gaussian Density with a Theoretically Optimal Sliding Window Approach
Iterative Graph Neural Network Enhancement via Frequent Subgraph Mining of Explanations
On the Last-Iterate Convergence of Shuffling Gradient Methods
Enhancing Quantum Variational Algorithms with Zero Noise Extrapolation via Neural Networks
CardioGenAI: A Machine Learning-Based Framework for Re-Engineering Drugs for Reduced hERG Liability
Symmetric Q-learning: Reducing Skewness of Bellman Error in Online Reinforcement Learning
12 mJ per Class On-Device Online Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
Quantum Support Vector Machine for Prostate Cancer Detection: A Performance Analysis
Evacuation Management Framework towards Smart City-wide Intelligent Emergency Interactive Response System
Physics Sensor Based Deep Learning Fall Detection System
AdaNovo: Adaptive \\emph{De Novo} Peptide Sequencing with Conditional Mutual Information
Class Imbalance in Object Detection: An Experimental Diagnosis and Study of Mitigation Strategies
Multiple Population Alternate Evolution Neural Architecture Search
Exploring Cluster Analysis in Nelore Cattle Visual Score Attribution
Chronos: Learning the Language of Time Series
Robustifying and Boosting Training-Free Neural Architecture Search
Balancing Fairness and Accuracy in Data-Restricted Binary Classification
Deep Learning-Assisted Parallel Interference Cancellation for Grant-Free NOMA in Machine-Type Communication
Scalable Spatiotemporal Prediction with Bayesian Neural Fields
Convergence of Some Convex Message Passing Algorithms to a Fixed Point
pyvene: A Library for Understanding and Improving PyTorch Models via Interventions
Maxwell's Demon at Work: Efficient Pruning by Leveraging Saturation of Neurons
Adaptive Bounding Box Uncertainties via Two-Step Conformal Prediction
A cascaded deep network for automated tumor detection and segmentation in clinical PET imaging of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
A Machine learning and Empirical Bayesian Approach for Predictive Buying in B2B E-commerce
Harder Tasks Need More Experts: Dynamic Routing in MoE Models
Better than classical? The subtle art of benchmarking quantum machine learning models
Beyond Regrets: Geometric Metrics for Bayesian Optimization
TNPAR: Topological Neural Poisson Auto-Regressive Model for Learning Granger Causal Structure from Event Sequences
Mental Workload Estimation with Electroencephalogram Signals by Combining Multi-Space Deep Models
GRANDE: Gradient-Based Decision Tree Ensembles for Tabular Data
Directional Optimism for Safe Linear Bandits
MINT: Evaluating LLMs in Multi-turn Interaction with Tools and Language Feedback
One-Dimensional Adapter to Rule Them All: Concepts, Diffusion Models and Erasing Applications
RudolfV: A Foundation Model by Pathologists for Pathologists
P-NOC: adversarial training of CAM generating networks for robust weakly supervised semantic segmentation priors
EyePreserve: Identity-Preserving Iris Synthesis
TRAM: Bridging Trust Regions and Sharpness Aware Minimization
Closing the Gap between TD Learning and Supervised Learning -- A Generalisation Point of View
ACPO: AI-Enabled Compiler-Driven Program Optimization
Take a Step Back: Evoking Reasoning via Abstraction in Large Language Models
ProMIL: Probabilistic Multiple Instance Learning for Medical Imaging
APOLLO: An Optimized Training Approach for Long-form Numerical Reasoning
Evaluating Emerging AI/ML Accelerators: IPU, RDU, and NVIDIA/AMD GPUs
Scissorhands: Scrub Data Influence via Connection Sensitivity in Networks
Analyzing domain shift when using additional data for the MICCAI KiTS23 Challenge
Toward a Plug-and-Play Vision-Based Grasping Module for Robotics
Tuning diagonal scale matrices for HMC
MgSvF: Multi-Grained Slow vs. Fast Framework for Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
Revisiting the Last-Iterate Convergence of Stochastic Gradient Methods
Symmetric Equilibrium Learning of VAEs
An alternative approach to train neural networks using monotone variational inequality
Gradual Optimization Learning for Conformational Energy Minimization
On Ranking-based Tests of Independence
SATformer: Transformer-Based UNSAT Core Learning
An interpretable neural network-based non-proportional odds model for ordinal regression
OpenBox: A Python Toolkit for Generalized Black-box Optimization
Utility Theory of Synthetic Data Generation
StoRM: A Diffusion-based Stochastic Regeneration Model for Speech Enhancement and Dereverberation
SEGNO: Generalizing Equivariant Graph Neural Networks with Physical Inductive Biases
CSC-Unet: A Novel Convolutional Sparse Coding Strategy Based Neural Network for Semantic Segmentation
Robustifying Point Cloud Networks by Refocusing
LOTUS: Continual Imitation Learning for Robot Manipulation Through Unsupervised Skill Discovery
Bias and Fairness in Large Language Models: A Survey
Bayesian Regression Markets
Deep Learning for Steganalysis of Diverse Data Types: A review of methods, taxonomy, challenges and future directions
When should we prefer Decision Transformers for Offline Reinforcement Learning?
Faithful and Efficient Explanations for Neural Networks via Neural Tangent Kernel Surrogate Models
Unveiling the Pitfalls of Knowledge Editing for Large Language Models
Out-of-Distribution Detection by Leveraging Between-Layer Transformation Smoothness
SGAT4PASS: Spherical Geometry-Aware Transformer for PAnoramic Semantic Segmentation
Domain-Aware Continual Zero-Shot Learning
A local approach to parameter space reduction for regression and classification tasks
Human-Inspired Framework to Accelerate Reinforcement Learning
FedRA: A Random Allocation Strategy for Federated Tuning to Unleash the Power of Heterogeneous Clients
Theoretical Hardness and Tractability of POMDPs in RL with Partial Online State Information
Explanation-based Training with Differentiable Insertion/Deletion Metric-aware Regularizers
TAP: The Attention Patch for Cross-Modal Knowledge Transfer from Unlabeled Modality
Multi-View Variational Autoencoder for Missing Value Imputation in Untargeted Metabolomics
Efficient Compression of Overparameterized Deep Models through Low-Dimensional Learning Dynamics
Secure Decentralized Learning with Blockchain
Alignment of Density Maps in Wasserstein Distance
Quantum Inception Score
Learning and Decision-Making with Data: Optimal Formulations and Phase Transitions
Low coordinate degree algorithms I: Universality of computational thresholds for hypothesis testing
Integrating Uncertainty Awareness into Conformalized Quantile Regression
tdCoxSNN: Time-Dependent Cox Survival Neural Network for Continuous-time Dynamic Prediction
Language-Specific Representation of Emotion-Concept Knowledge Causally Supports Emotion Inference
A Survey of Explainable Knowledge Tracing
Navigating the Post-API Dilemma Search Engine Results Pages Present a Biased View of Social Media Data
InstructERC: Reforming Emotion Recognition in Conversation with a Retrieval Multi-task LLMs Framework
StableToolBench: Towards Stable Large-Scale Benchmarking on Tool Learning of Large Language Models
Rebuilding ROME : Resolving Model Collapse during Sequential Model Editing
Complex Reasoning over Logical Queries on Commonsense Knowledge Graphs
Speak It Out: Solving Symbol-Related Problems with Symbol-to-Language Conversion for Language Models
MAMMOTH: Massively Multilingual Modular Open Translation @ Helsinki
CuentosIE: can a chatbot about  tales with a message  help to teach emotional intelligence?
Improving Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback Using Contrastive Rewards
Branch-Train-MiX: Mixing Expert LLMs into a Mixture-of-Experts LLM
Large, Small or Both: A Novel Data Augmentation Framework Based on Language Models for Debiasing Opinion Summarization
SPA: Towards A Computational Friendly Cloud-Base and On-Devices Collaboration Seq2seq Personalized Generation
Misgendering and Assuming Gender in Machine Translation when Working with Low-Resource Languages
Annotations on a Budget: Leveraging Geo-Data Similarity to Balance Model Performance and Annotation Cost
NavCoT: Boosting LLM-Based Vision-and-Language Navigation via Learning Disentangled Reasoning
Rethinking Generative Large Language Model Evaluation for Semantic Comprehension
Transforming Competition into Collaboration: The Revolutionary Role of Multi-Agent Systems and Language Models in Modern Organizations
Chicago-based Ocient, which provides hyperscale data warehouse and analytics software, raised a $49.4M Series B extension, bringing its total funding to $119M (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
Reference-free Monolithic Preference Optimization with Odds Ratio
Matrix-Transformation Based Low-Rank Adaptation (MTLoRA): A Brain-Inspired Method for Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning
The Missing Piece in Model Editing: A Deep Dive into the Hidden Damage Brought By Model Editing
LLMvsSmall Model? Large Language Model Based Text Augmentation Enhanced Personality Detection Model
MoralBERT: Detecting Moral Values in Social Discourse
Rethinking ASTE: A Minimalist Tagging Scheme Alongside Contrastive Learning
SPAWNing Structural Priming Predictions from a Cognitively Motivated Parser
BizBench: A Quantitative Reasoning Benchmark for Business and Finance
Truth-Aware Context Selection: Mitigating the Hallucinations of Large Language Models Being Misled by Untruthful Contexts
Beyond Memorization: The Challenge of Random Memory Access in Language Models
SpokenWOZ: A Large-Scale Speech-Text Benchmark for Spoken Task-Oriented Dialogue Agents
Fine-tuning Large Language Models with Sequential Instructions
ConsPrompt: Exploiting Contrastive Samples for Fewshot Prompt Learning
A Survey on Large Language Model based Autonomous Agents
SemEval-2024 Shared Task 6: SHROOM, a Shared-task on Hallucinations and Related Observable Overgeneration Mistakes
GPT-generated Text Detection: Benchmark Dataset and Tensor-based Detection Method
FineMath: A Fine-Grained Mathematical Evaluation Benchmark for Chinese Large Language Models
KEBench: A Benchmark on Knowledge Editing for Large Vision-Language Models
Narrating Causal Graphs with Large Language Models
Self-Alignment with Instruction Backtranslation
SATDAUG -- A Balanced and Augmented Dataset for Detecting Self-Admitted Technical Debt
CKERC : Joint Large Language Models with Commonsense Knowledge for Emotion Recognition in Conversation
ChatGPT is a Knowledgeable but Inexperienced Solver: An Investigation of Commonsense Problem in Large Language Models
WsiCaption: Multiple Instance Generation of Pathology Reports for Gigapixel Whole-Slide Images
Octavius: Mitigating Task Interference in MLLMs via MoE
Multilingual DistilWhisper: Efficient Distillation of Multi-task Speech Models via Language-Specific Experts
LSTM-Based Text Generation: A Study on Historical Datasets
Triples-to-isiXhosa (T2X): Addressing the Challenges of Low-Resource Agglutinative Data-to-Text Generation
Augmenting Transformers with Recursively Composed Multi-grained Representations
Thought Graph: Generating Thought Process for Biological Reasoning
4 LLM frameworks to build AI apps with voice data
[D] All state of the art LLMs make factual mistakes at the amateur level in many fields. Is this harder to train for than the expert level?
MlOps    A gentle introduction to Mlflow Pipelines
Meta is Training Llama 3 on 24k NVIDIA H100 Clusters
System Design: Consistent Hashing
Breaking New Grounds in AI: How Multimodal Large Language Models are Reshaping Age and Gender Estimation
Building an Explainable Reinforcement Learning Framework
EU Embraces New AI Rules Despite Doubts It Got the Right Balance
Why will India Champion Open-Source AI?
China's Best Self-Driving Car Platforms, Tested and Compared
How Canva is Painting Pixels with GenAI
Stephen Wolfram: Can AI Solve Science?
Concerning news for the future of free AI models, TIME article pushing from more AI regulation,
AITRICS to participate in HIMSS USA 2024
custom fetch hook
Manufacturing has always been this CEO's playground
Your PC can probably run inferencing just fine - so it's already an AI PC
AI-powered 3D Marketplace
AGI Coming Soon
Researchers jimmy OpenAI's and Google's closed models
Consciousness: Concepts, Theories, and Neural Networks
Understanding Tensors: Learning a Data Structure Through 3 Pesky Errors
How to Select the Most Influential Combination of Nodes in a Graph
PivotTable : Toolkit for Smart Data Exploration and Analysis
This AI Paper from China Presents MathScale: A Scalable Machine Learning Method to Create High-Quality Mathematical Reasoning Data Using Frontier LLMs
AssemblyAI Go SDK v1.3.0: Utterance Detection and Word Search
OpenAI Releases Transformer Debugger, an Open Source Tool for Analysing AI Models
Infosys Funds Meta's Llama 2 Project with 22 Indian Languages
CodaMetrix announces $40M Series B financing
Seeing and Hearing: Bridging Visual and Audio Worlds with AI
Katalist AI Storytelling Studio
GScan raises  3M seed to transform infrastructure maintenance with muon tomography
Let's not make the same mistakes with AI that we made with social media
01.AI Introduces the Yi Model Family: A Series of Language and Multimodal Models that Demonstrate Strong Multi-Dimensional Capabilities
New York Times rejects OpenAI's claim that it hacked its GPT models
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/12/2024
How Optical I/O is Enabling the Future of Generative AI: A Q&A with Ayar Labs CTO Vladimir Stojanovic
Devs: Thing we forget to mention
Filing: the NYT denies OpenAI's claims that the NYT  hacked  ChatGPT to create misleading evidence of copyright infringement, calling the claims  grandstanding  (Blake Brittain/Reuters)
Beyond Code: How AI Contributes to Advanced Software Development
Microsoft is holding back the 'AI PC' revolution
Will GenAI Replace Data Engineers? No   And Here's Why.
AI Outsourcing: Tips for Choosing the Right Technology Partner
Your AI chatbot just got smarter thanks to this free tool from Anthropic
[D] What do we know about the data OpenAI uses?
Google says it will restrict Gemini's ability to answer election-related questions 'out of an abundance of caution'
Devin, the first AI software engineer
How to avoid the headaches of AI skills development
The Price is Wrong: This is What GPUs Should Have Cost
Google Gemini Faces New Restrictions for Answering Election 2024 Queries
Even AI Doesn't Care about the Middle Class
The Good Robot Podcast: Featuring Shannon Vallor
Google Unveils FAX for Scalable Federated Learning
[D] RAG painpoints and problems in production
Luminary Cloud's simulator taps GPUs to help speed up product design
Google Restricts Replies to Queries on India Polls Via Gemini AI
An interview with OpenAI CTO Mira Murati on Sora, set for release later in 2024, its training data, red-teaming Sora, working with the film industry, and more (Joanna Stern/Wall Street Journal)
[D] I'm baffled. I'm getting gibberish model trained on a gpu machine, and a coherent model trained on a cpu both running the same code -- what's going on?
Robo-advisers are here   the pros and cons of using AI in investing
Generative AI for enterprises shows first signs of slowdown - Report
The Messy Reality Behind a Silicon Valley Unicorn
How AI is shaping the music listening habits of Gen Z
CSS Cheatsheet
Boost Your Data Science Skills: The Essential SQL Certifications You Need
LTIMindtree Fast-Tracks India's Quantum Mission with IBM and IIT Madras
Larry Ellison and Elon Musk teaming up to bring AI to farming
Nvidia could be worth $6 trillion if it follows Cisco's dot-com trajectory, says Jeremy Siegel
This free tool from Anthropic helps you create better prompts for your AI chatbot
The EU finally adopts the AI Act in landslide vote
AMD Rally Looks More Fragile Than Nvidia's as Traders Bid Up AI
Deal on EU AI Act gets thumbs up from European Parliament
First AI Software Engineer
Journey acquires mental health startup Felt to enhance its employee assistance program
Story.com
The EU AI Act passed   here's what comes next
The EU Parliament approves the AI Act, voting 523 in favor and 46 against, despite competition fears; the Act, born in 2021, puts AI tech into risk categories (CNBC)
Snowcamp 2024
Google's Gemini AI now refuses to answer election questions
Microsoft to Release Security AI Product to Help Clients Track Hackers
Watch an AI-powered robot dog crawl around an obstacle course
European Union lawmakers line up to defend world's first AI Act
UK looks to nature to train AI at 0.1% of the cost
Zendesk adds flexible AI agent capabilities with Ultimate acquisition
Figure 01 powered by OpenAI is a robot that can chat, see, plan, and perform tasks
[R] Data Interpreter: An LLM Agent for Data Science
Building trust between humans and robots when managing conflicting objectives
Google Deepmind's new AI agent plays games using only natural language
Streamline ML Workflow with MLflow    Part I
Are You Worried About Devin?
Jeff Bezos' philanthropic fund is pouring $60 million into alternative meats to try to make them taste better
EU approves controversial AI Act to mixed reactions
The Fog of Misinformation: The Extent of AI-Generated False Information
Selector AI announced its Spring 2024 release
New method enables industry-scale LLM training on gaming GPUs
Machine learning study spots gender bias in Irish Constitution
OpenAI announces partnerships with Le Monde and Prisa Media to bring French and Spanish language news content to ChatGPT and help train OpenAI's models (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Google Deepmind trains a video game-playing AI to be your co-op companion
How will AI impact Healthcare?
A Secure, Privacy-First AI-driven Data Collection Platform: BlockSurvey
Cerebras Systems Sets New Benchmark in AI Innovation with Launch of the Fastest AI Chip Ever
Pentagon Will Spend $1B on First Round of Replicator Drones
Google's new gaming AI aims past  superhuman opponent  and at  obedient partner
[P] MetaVoice Text-to-Speech (TTS) Benchmark: 23,300 words per $1 on RTX 3080 - PLUS voice clones of 10 celebrities reading Harry Potter
Opening new doors in the VR world, literally
Implementing LLM Guardrails for Safe and Responsible Generative AI Deployment on Databricks
DeepSeek-AI Introduces DeepSeek-VL: An Open-Source Vision-Language (VL) Model Designed for Real-World Vision and Language Understanding Applications
You Won't Believe How This Python Library Unlocks GPT-4 Level Features with Claude 3
Broadcom extends technology, volume leadership on AI optical components
From quantum AI to photonics, what OpenAI's latest hire tells us about its future
EU votes to ban riskiest forms of AI and impose restrictions on others
Python Users: BIBClip Is After Your Bitcoin Wallet, Via PyPI
Data Analysis with Named Lambda Functions
Build your own RAG and run it locally on your laptop: ColBERT + DSPy + Streamlit
Berkeley Function-Calling Leaderboard
OpenAI CTO Says It's Releasing Sora This Year
AI Datacenter Energy Dilemma - Race for AI Datacenter Space
The Rise of Domain-Specific Language Models
Google DeepMind details SIMA, an AI agent training to learn gaming skills to play like a human; SIMA trained on No Man's Sky, Goat Simulator 3, and other games (Emilia David/The Verge)
New York Times: OpenAI's claim we 'hacked' its products both 'irrelevant' and 'false'
Strengthening the partnership between humans and AI: The case of translators
Syntiant to Demonstrate 100% Speed-Up of Optimized LLM's at NVIDIA GTC
[R] Scaling Instructable Agents Across Many Simulated Worlds - DeepMind 2024 - SIMA - A generalist AI agent for 3D virtual environments. Plays AAA games like No Mans Sky and Valheim!
An Intuitive View on Mutual Information
I learn way more talking to an AI assistant than I do with real humans
Google DeepMind introduces SIMA: the first generalist AI agent to follow natural-language instructions in a broad range of 3D virtual environments and video games
Microsoft's AI Copilot for Security launches next month with pay-as-you-go pricing
Microsoft's Security Copilot Enters General Availability
Raspberry Pi-powered AI bike light detects cars, alerts bikers to bad drivers
Cognition unveils AI-powered software developer Devin for better programming
Generative AI adoption will slow because of this one reason, according to Gartner
Union joins NVIDIA Inception to accelerate AI innovation
State Department Report Warns of AI Apocalypse, Suggests Limiting Compute Power Allowed for Training
DoorDash's AI tool is monitoring your messages to drivers - be nice, or else
You can now ask Google's Gemini AI to revise specific details in a response
Microsoft Copilot for Security will move to general availability on April 1
OpenAI Inks Deals With European Publishers Le Monde, Prisa
Devin! World's First AI Software Engineer
Alluxio's 2nd Year on Forbes' List of America's Best Startup Employers
Arm unveils its first Neoverse chips for self-driving cars, seeking to grow its non-smartphone revenue; the first vehicles are likely in four to five years (Tim Bradshaw/Financial Times)
6 Text-to-Video Generative AI Platforms Worth Using in 2024
Maingear launches Zero Series gaming desktops with hidden motherboard connectors
Multi Needle in a Haystack
Enhancing Code Security: The Rewards and Risks of Using LLMs for Proactive Vulnerability Detection
What happens when ChatGPT tries to solve 50,000 trolley problems?
SXSW Audience Boos Sizzle Reel About the Virtues of AI
OutSystems unveils no-code AI Agent Builder
EU Parliament Adopts World's First Comprehensive AI Law
Regulate AI? How US, EU and China Are Going About It
Transforming Data into Business Solutions with Salesforce AI
LLM Applications & Outcome Evaluation in the New Era // Aparna Dhinakaran // MLOps Podcast #210 clip
EU Lawmakers Approve Groundbreaking AI Act
I am absolutely NONPLUSSED by Devin! Here's why!
The Simplicity and Depth of Python
The First AI Software Engineer Is Here!
What You Need to Know to Prepare For GPT-5
1M tokens MAGIC! Solving REAL Github ISSUEs with Gemini 1.5 Pro (Part -2)
Figure Status Update - OpenAI Speech-to-Speech Reasoning
A quadrupedal robot can do parkour and walk across rubble
Microsoft adds GPT-4 Turbo to the free tier of Copilot, replacing GPT-4; Copilot Pro users still have the option to use GPT-4 (John Callaham/Neowin)
9 ways AI is helping tackle climate change
Even cozy games can get toxic
Together AI, which helps developers access Nvidia server chips to train AI models, raised $106M led by Salesforce Ventures at a $1.25B valuation (Reuters)
EU regulators pass the planet's first sweeping AI regulations
Dataiku Launches GenAI Real-Time Cost Monitoring Solution
What is Elon Musk's Grok chatbot and how does it work?
R-Ladies Goinia: Promoting Diversity and Inclusion in Local R Community
Maximize Your Marketing Efforts: The Ultimate Guide to 10 Top AI Tools of 2024
From Paper to Card: Transforming Design Implications with Generative AI
Medical Multimodal-Multitask Foundation Model for Superior Chest CT Performance
This Week's Most Read: Meet the AI Software Engineer and SXSW Updates
Sources: Google's Search Generative Experience could cut organic search traffic to publishers by 20% to 60%; Google says it is premature to estimate the impact (Trishla Ostwal/Adweek)
pgvecto.rs 0.2: Unifying Relational Queries and Vector Search in PostgreSQL
Lumina AI announces the addition of Ed Ingle to Its BOD
TIER IV partners with Arm on new automotive technologies
Tissue Artifact Segmentation and Severity Analysis for Automated Diagnosis Using Whole Slide Images
Pytest Mocking Cheat Sheet
Speculative Contrastive Decoding
Deceptive Semantic Shortcuts on Reasoning Chains: How Far Can Models Go without Hallucination?
ILCiteR: Evidence-grounded Interpretable Local Citation Recommendation
Traveluh
A Comprehensive Study of Gender Bias in Chemical Named Entity Recognition Models
The difficulty of SQL stems from relational algebra
Differentiable and Accelerated Spherical Harmonic Transforms
Amazon now lets sellers create listings through a URL by using AI
At Texas arts and tech fest, virtual reality is perfectly human
Vector Quantization for Deep-Learning-Based CSI Feedback in Massive MIMO Systems
SciGLM: Training Scientific Language Models with Self-Reflective Instruction Annotation and Tuning
Experiment Tracking & Hyperparameter Tuning: Organize Your Trials with DVC
From English to ASIC: Hardware Implementation with Large Language Model
GPT-4V(ision) is a Generalist Web Agent, if Grounded
SUQL: Conversational Search over Structured and Unstructured Data with Large Language Models
Google Introduces Synth^2 to Enhance the Training of Visual Language Models
Translating between SQL Dialects for Cloud Migration
Scaling Laws of RoPE-based Extrapolation
How to use AI to boost sales
AI-Assisted Causal Pathway Diagram for Human-Centered Design
Legally Binding but Unfair? Towards Assessing Fairness of Privacy Policies
Google DeepMind Unveils SIMA, a General, Instructable Game-Playing AI Agent
What will the EU's proposed act to regulate AI mean for consumers?
This AI Paper from Apple Delves Into the Intricacies of Machine Learning: Assessing Vision-Language Models with Raven's Progressive Matrices
Unmasking the Covert Prejudice in AI: A Dive into Dialect Discrimination
EU's Landmark AI Act Has Been Approved, US Far Behind
OpenAI's ChatGPT Now Gets a Humanoid Body
BED: Bi-Encoder-Based Detectors for Out-of-Distribution Detection
Multi-Task Media-Bias Analysis Generalization for Pre-Trained Identification of Expressions
OpenAI's deals with publishers could spell trouble for rivals
Anthropic releases Claude 3 Haiku, tailored for high-volume, latency-sensitive applications, saying it's  the fastest and most affordable model  in its class (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
CEO says he tried to hire an AI researcher from Meta and was told to 'come back to me when you have 10,000 H100 GPUs'
Archie named Top AI & Data Product in the 2024 Product Awards
This New Robot Is So Far Ahead of Elon Musk's Optimus That It's Almost Embarrassing
The House's TikTok Vote and the EU's AI Act | Bloomberg Technology
Multinomial Naive Bayes Classifier
OpenAI CTO Mira Murati doesn't know what data Sora was trained on
Tight Group-Level DP Guarantees for DP-SGD with Sampling via Mixture of Gaussians Mechanisms
Microsoft quietly upgraded Copilot's free version to GPT-4 Turbo. Here's why it matters
Defense in Depth: An Action Plan to Increase the Safety and Security of Advanced AI
This is How You Can Use Claude 3 in Google Sheets
Data Science for Sustainability- Green Inventory Management
LitCab: Lightweight Language Model Calibration over Short- and Long-form Responses
OpenAI partners with Le Monde and Prisa Media
Amazon rolls out a generative AI feature that creates a product page, including a description and images, using information from a seller's external website (Emilia David/The Verge)
Neo4j Collaborates with Andrew Ng for a Free Course on Knowledge Graphs for RAG
Thoughts on the latest Ai Software Engineer Devin  [Discussion]
Deloitte Tohmatsu and Persefoni announce partnership
Meet SaulLM-7B: A Pioneering Large Language Model for Law
TruEra announced the latest version of TruEra AI Observability
When (Not) to Use Cosine Similarity
Learning Human-like Representations to Enable Learning Human Values
Europe is trying to regulate AI. That could backfire.
Exploring the Dynamic World of Walles.AI's Natural Language Processing Advancements
[D] OpenAI + Figure One
[D] PyTorch vs JAX for Robotics Hardware
Andrew Ng Unveils Free Course on Knowledge Graphs for RAG with Neo4j
Episode four   Bing and I
Log Summarisation for Defect Evolution Analysis
One Medical patients are stuck in the middle of a fight between a hospital system and the biggest US health insurer
Retentive or Forgetful? Diving into the Knowledge Memorizing Mechanism of Language Models
IPhone Maker Hon Hai's Profit Soars 33% as AI Demand Buoys Sales
Tastle: Distract Large Language Models for Automatic Jailbreak Attack
SoftBank Explores Investment in French AI Startup Mistral, Sources Say
Schema-Driven Information Extraction from Heterogeneous Tables
Waymo deploys robotaxis in LA as it scales up in the US
FastV: A Plug-and-Play Inference Acceleration AI Method for Large Vision Language Models Relying on Visual Tokens
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/13/2024
Salesforce Anchors Trust in the Generative AI Era
Empowering Private Tutoring by Chaining Large Language Models
The Garden of Forking Paths: Observing Dynamic Parameters Distribution in Large Language Models
Researchers from Stanford and AWS AI Labs Unveil S4: A Groundbreaking Approach to Pre-Training Vision-Language Models Using Web Screenshots
Oracle Enhances Cloud Suite with Additional AI Features for Key Business Areas
Cerebras Systems and G42 Rushes Ahead in Supercomputer Race with Condor Galaxy 3
New safety device for cyclists uses a Raspberry Pi and AI to spot dangerous drivers
RAG vs Fine-Tuning
[R] Chronos: Learning the Language of Time Series
This AI Research from Stability AI and Tripo AI Introduces TripoSR Model for Fast FeedForward 3D Generation from a Single Image
Exploring Python: Everything is an Object
Heard on the Street   3/14/2024
Microsoft is bringing Copilot to the cybersecurity frontline
AI hallucination mitigation: two brains are better than one
I, Cyborg: Using Co-Intelligence
Four Types of Bar Charts in Python - Based on Array Data
Multichannel Customer Journeys in Financial Services - with Anuj Maniar of Deloitte
Graph Neural Networks   7 Applications  #machinelearning #deeplearningai #graphml #deeplearning
EU Makes History with Groundbreaking AI Regulations
OpenAI's NEW AGI Robot - Autonomous Humanoid Robot! (Figure 01 IS INSANE)
What GenAI Means for Life Sciences IT Leaders - with Steven Zhang of Deloitte
Meta is suing a former exec it claims took a trove of 'highly sensitive' documents just before joining an AI startup
P for Power. P for Pandas. And P for pyplot
Sloan's Inbox: How to answer  Where do you see yourself in 5 years?  when I'm content where I am.
There Will Be 10 Million New Coding Jobs in the Next Five Years
Hackers can read private AI assistant chats even though they're encrypted
All the tools I need to build a perfect AI app.
EU enacts landmark AI law to protect citizens' rights and prevent risky uses of artificial intelligence
Tech Giants Face EU Grilling Over Use of Generative AI Tools
Google's new video game-playing AI follows verbal instructions
Regulators Need AI Expertise. They Can't Afford It
1Password availabile through Amazon Web Services Marketplace
Next-Gen DevOps: Integrate AI for Enhanced Workflow Automation
Midjourney Bans AI Images of Trump and Biden Ahead of Election
AI Infrastructure Momentum to Drive Data Center Capex by 17% in 2024: Report
Humanoid Robot meets ChatGPT
Getting Started With Go Programing For Data Science
Create a Chatbot in Python with LangChain and RAG
More AI Nonprofits Are Launching, But Don't Expect OpenAI-Type Drama
Anthropic launches its fastest and cheapest AI model yet
40% of People Can't Tell if a Face is AI Generated: Can You?
The Saudi humanoid robot incident shows the machines aren't taking over the world anytime soon
When AI writes code, all code will be open source.
50% of orgs don't yet understand the business impact of AI
Nvidia CEO Faces Sky-High Investor Expectations at AI Conference
Edge 378: Meet TimesFM: Google's New Foundation Model for Time-Series Forecasting
Walmart Wants to Sell Its AI Software to Other Retailers
Two Case Studies on Midjourney's Consistency in Character Imaging
Build An AI Application with Python in 10 Easy Steps
Semiconductors Could Be Narendra Modi's Legacy
AI and wearables are scaring the wellbeing out of workers
Open AI's CTO doesn't know where they sourced data from?
Nvidia's $80 billion boss Jensen Huang says that if you want to be a success you need to face 'pain and suffering'
The Download: AI's gaming prowess, and calculating methane emissions
Unstructured, which helps companies prepare  really messy, sloppy data  for AI training, raised a $40M Series B led by Menlo Ventures at a $230M valuation (Rashi Shrivastava/Forbes)
Addressing Bias in AI Algorithms: The Overlooked Role of Data Migration Services
The Best OpenAI Sora TikToks So Far
Interview with Aaquib Tabrez: explainability and human-robot interaction
TryOnDiffusion: A Tale of Two UNets - Unofficial PyTorch Implementation [R] [P]
Zscaler Buys Israeli AI-Enhanced Data Security Startup Avalor
Databricks Invests in Mistral AI
Europe's AI Act Has Landed With Fewer Teeth Than Originally Proposed
How news organisations decide whether a photo is 'too edited'
[N] Ooops... OpenAI CTO Mira Murati on which data was used to train Sora
How to use LLMs locally with ollama and Python
This AI Paper from Tencent Introduces ELLA: A Machine Learning Method that Equips Current Text-to-Image Diffusion Models with State-of-the-Art Large Language Models without the Training of LLM and U-Net
OpenAI rushes to create the next prisoner's dilemma for the news industry
3 Ways to Learn Data Science and Get a Job in 2024
AI Promises Faster Oil Drilling and Even More US Crude Supply
Aethero wants to become the space industry's Intel or Nvidia
Join The Verge at the 2024 Chicago Humanities Spring Festival
A Study in Primates Reveals How the Brain Encodes Complex Social Interactions
Cerebra's WSE-3 enables AI models to be ten times larger than GPT-4 and Gemini
Coding in 2024 = Dead? The Best Language to Learn is English?
How to Navigate AI's Growing Social Footprint
Pi Day Circles
Google DeepMind Researchers Unveil Multistep Consistency Models: A Machine Learning Approach that Balances Speed and Quality in AI Sampling
Exploring Location Data Using a Hexagon Grid
EU dials up scrutiny of major platforms over GenAI risks ahead of elections
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #16
Ghostbots: AI versions of deceased loved ones could be a serious threat to mental health
Why Perplexity is Already a Unicorn
Industry Faces Compliance Hurdles After EU AI Act Passes
AI Jobs for Indian Villagers and Small-Town Graduates??? | Story kya hai | Ep 05 | AIM
AI-generated  deepfakes  threaten integrity of elections worldwide
Meet Devin, your new coworker   World's first AI software engineer    #coding #engineering #ai
#175 Aravind Srinivas: Revolutionizing Search with Perplexity AI
Diffusion Transformer explained (Stable Diffusion 3)
New Free Video Course from Talk Python: Build an Audio AI App
Automatic design of metaheuristics: The future of optimization?
How work devices may evolve to keep up in the AI era
Uncovering the EU AI Act
Custom pre-commit hooks for safer code changes
EU calls on tech firms to outline plans to tackle deepfakes amid election fears
Microsoft to release security AI product to help clients track hackers
Nvidia's Superchips for AI: 'Radical,' but a Work in Progress
Explaining ChatGPT to Anyone in <20 Minutes
Set up a Pypi mirror in an AWS private environment with Terraform
How to Use Elastic Net Regression
Briefing: An API for cloning your leadership team, Reddit's new B2B tools, WhatsApp for Math
Redefining quantum machine learning
Oracle Looks to Keep AI 'Simple' Across the Stack
Avant Technologies promotes Danny Rittman to CIO
VERSES AI's Active Inference Beats Deep Learning in AI Industry Benchmarks
Amazon's generative AI can create product pages based on other online listings
Dataminr expands strategic partnership with Carahsoft
Just Released: NVIDIA cuSPARSELt 0.6
Unstructured raises $40M Series B to make enterprise data LLM-ready
Large language models trained in English found to use the language internally, even for prompts in other languages
Clarifai announces AI Developer Alliance
Is Devin Coming for an Engineer's Job? Or Is It Hype Again? The New AI Software Engineer Can Write, Debug, and Deploy Code.
Oracle Launches Cloud-based Generative AI App Suite
Forget Chatbots. AI Agents Are the Future
Just got my grade back from a data mining course and it sucks
It might be time to rethink the smartphone &mdash; for real this time
Aligning LLMs, an Introduction to Linear Regression, Ethical Considerations for Generative AI, and.
Doctors Raise $30 Million for Cancer Treatment AI Startup
Tagging your Playwright Tests
The Most Common Errors in Deep Learning (Shape Errors)
Where are AI Investments Going in 2024?
Snake Steak Could Be a Climate-Friendly Source of Protein
Figure's humanoid robot can have a full conversation with you. Watch for yourself
Political operative and firms behind Biden AI robocall sued for millions
Robot massages are coming to Equinox. I tried one out for myself
Is it ethical to watch AI pornography?
Inflection-2.5: The Powerhouse LLM Rivaling GPT-4 and Gemini
AI for Money Managers: Avoid the Black Box   And Do This Instead
Study exposes failings of measures to prevent illegal content generation by text-to-image AI models
Apple Buys Canadian AI Startup as It Races to Add Features
Unable to understand CNN layer
StoryChief Review: The Ultimate Content Marketing Platform?
Inside the Open-Source Novu Notification Engine
Making Transformers Sing - with Mikey Shulman of Suno
Anthropic says Claude 3 Haiku is the fastest model in its class
Statistics for Machine Learning: What you need to know to become a certified expert
Oracle adds GenAI to Fusion with a whopping 50 use cases
SXSW Audience Loudly Boos Video About How AI Is Awesome
How Far Are We From Human-level Intelligence in AI?
OpenAI's CTO Won't Discuss Training Data for AI Video Generator Sora
Massachusetts-based Pi Health, which uses AI to automate tasks in cancer treatment trials, raised a $30M+ Series A co-led by AlleyCorp and Obvious Ventures (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
LXT's Report 'The Path to AI Maturity 2024': Unmasking the Future of AI Innovation and Corporate Transformation
French MoD taps 5 startups to develop fault-tolerant quantum computer
[P] Training Models on Encrypted Data
South Korea goes out on a limb to manage forests with AI, satellites
Semantic Segmentation of Remote Sensing Imagery using k-Means
Humanoid robots face continued skepticism at Modex
CBP wants to use AI to scan for fentanyl at the border
OpenAI's Sora: The devil is in the 'details of the data'
US Pushes for Global AI Regulations at UN
Microsoft launches Copilot Pro worldwide with a one-month free trial
I visited the ExploreAI summit in Singapore. Here's how AI is helping businesses solve real-world problems.
Turn Yourself into a 3D Gaussian Splat
Invoke rolls out Workflows, AI tools for game developers
Highlights from the Gartner Data and Analytics Summit in Orlando, FL
AI content can outperform human content, Amazon says
Introducing my latest sideproject: Fridge Leftovers AI
Microsoft launches Copilot Pro worldwide with a one-month free trial; Pro subscribers can use the AI assistant in Office web apps without a Microsoft 365 sub (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Unveiling the Energy Impacts of Machine Learning and AI.
Automated fake news detection: A simple solution may not be feasible
Bird's Eye View: using R to generate inventory maps for lab reagents
Dell CEO: We Could Need 100X More Data Centers in 10 Years   SXSW 2024
This Paper Presents a Comprehensive Empirical Analysis of Algorithmic Progress in Language Model Pre-Training from 2012 to 2023
Will the EU's AI Act Set the Global Standard for AI Governance?
Introducing Tool Use With Command-R: Seamlessly Automate Business Workflows
Donald Trump Is Just Calling Any Video He Doesn't Like  AI  Now
Amazon's new AI tool lets sellers create listings using just a URL
Trump's claim about AI manipulation shows the true risk of deepfakes
Advanced army robots more likely to be blamed for deaths
Mechanics of the future: Meet the specialists assembling AI
Google schedules I/O 2024 for May 14, where details on Android 15 and Android XR, AI announcements, and more are expected; the date was hidden behind a puzzle (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Applying Mixture of Experts in LLM Architectures
Top websites block Google from training AI models on their data. Nowhere near as much as OpenAI, though.
Using PostHog with Rust
Powerful Shader Insights: Using Shader Debug Info with NVIDIA Nsight Graphics
Unveiling the Hidden Dimensions: A Groundbreaking AI Model-Stealing Attack on ChatGPT and Google's PaLM-2
Adobe Projects Lackluster Sales With AI Competition Intensifying
PIANO: A new operator learning framework that deciphers and incorporates invariants from the PDE series
'AI-powered' ad ignites creator controversy on Instagram
Sources: Apple acquired DarwinAI, which makes tech for inspecting components during manufacturing and focuses on making AI systems smaller and faster (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Devin AI: The World's First AI Software Engineer.
The US pushes for global AI regulations at UN, with a draft resolution calling for  effective safeguards ; the push contrasts with the lack of US regulations (Augusta Saraiva/Bloomberg)
Top Artificial Intelligence (AI) Tools That Can Generate Code To Help Programmers (2024)
Unlock Event-Driven ChatGPT Apps with AImarkdown Script: The Power of Triggers
Cappy: Outperforming and boosting large multi-task language models with a small scorer
Anthropic Says Gaining Traction With Finance and Healthcare Firms
Zscaler buys Avalor to bring more AI into its security tools
Meet Devin: The World's First Fully Autonomous AI Software Engineer
A website for you to learn NLP
How Figma's databases team lived to tell the scale
Festival crowd boos at video of conference speakers gushing about how great AI is
First Comprehensive Plastics Database Tallies Staggering 16,000 Chemicals And It's Still Incomplete
AWS Delivers 'Lightning' Fast LLM Checkpointing for PyTorch
Autonomous Agent Design Patterns
Snowflake and Landing AI combine forces to tackle unstructured data challenges with computer vision
HIMSS24: How to Optimize EHR Workflows with AI, Interoperability and More
Black Myth: Wukong and Naraka Bladepoint receive path tracing, plus RTX updates en route for other titles
Advent, H&amp;F Are Among Firms Eyeing $3 Billion Synopsys Unit
Startup unveils  world's first  complete AI software engineer
How is Amazon Web Services ensuring AI is Securely handling Our Data?
I made a plugin that adds an army of AI research agents to Google Sheets
Empowering Materials Science with Large Language Models(LLM): Imperial College London's Ingenious Use of LLMs for Data Analysis and Automation
Zephyr AI, which uses AI to generate insights into improving patient care and research in oncology and cardiometabolic diseases, raised a $111M Series A (Robert Barrie/Pharmaceutical Technology)
When is Google I/O 2024 and what can we expect?
Science Fiction Authors Fear Their Creations
Designing RAGs
Use HNSW index on Azure Cosmos DB for PostgreSQL for similarity search
When should we expect improvements to the home assistant (Google Home/Alexa) experience?
Meta AI Introduces Branch-Train-MiX (BTX): A Simple Continued Pretraining Method to Improve an LLM's Capabilities
Bethesda, Maryland-based HiLabs, whose AI-powered tools provide clean data for health care organizations, raised a $39M Series B led by Eight Roads and Denali (The Economic Times)
This AI Research Discusses Personalized Audiobook Recommendations at Spotify Using Graph Neural Networks and Introduces a New Recommendation Engine Called 2T-HGNN
Hierarchical dataset - approach to understand it and discover schema [question]
Hyper-CL: Conditioning Sentence Representations with Hypernetworks
LAMP: A Language Model on the Map
CURSOR: Scalable Mixed-Order Hypergraph Matching with CUR Decomposition
BeLLM: Backward Dependency Enhanced Large Language Model for Sentence Embeddings
Komodo: A Linguistic Expedition into Indonesia's Regional Languages
Retrieval augmented text-to-SQL generation for epidemiological question answering using electronic health records
Large Language Models are Parallel Multilingual Learners
Evaluating LLMs for Gender Disparities in Notable Persons
AI on AI: Exploring the Utility of GPT as an Expert Annotator of AI Publications
Apple acquires AI startup specializing in overlooking manufacturing components
From  um  to  yeah : Producing, predicting, and regulating information flow in human conversation
Researchers detail a side channel that can be used to read encrypted responses from AI assistants, except Google Gemini; OpenAI and Cloudflare implemented fixes (Dan Goodin/Ars Technica)
ProSwitch: Knowledge-Guided Language Model Fine-Tuning to Generate Professional and Non-Professional Styled Text
Ontologia para monitorar a defici\\^encia mental em seus d\\'eficts no processamento da informa\\c{c}\\~ao por decl\\'inio cognitivo e evitar agress\\~oes psicol\\'ogicas e f\\'isicas em ambientes educacionais com ajuda da I.A*
Template-Free Single-View 3D Human Digitalization with Diffusion-Guided LRM
Evaluation of LLM Chatbots for OSINT-based Cyber Threat Awareness
TaxoLLaMA: WordNet-based Model for Solving Multiple Lexical Sematic Tasks
Dial-insight: Fine-tuning Large Language Models with High-Quality Domain-Specific Data Preventing Capability Collapse
A Continued Pretrained LLM Approach for Automatic Medical Note Generation
LMStyle Benchmark: Evaluating Text Style Transfer for Chatbots
Meaningful Learning: Advancing Abstract Reasoning in Large Language Models via Generic Fact Guidance
Grasp Multiple Objects with One Hand
Caveat Lector: Large Language Models in Legal Practice
CodeChain: Towards Modular Code Generation Through Chain of Self-revisions with Representative Sub-modules
XAL: EXplainable Active Learning Makes Classifiers Better Low-resource Learners
AraTrust: An Evaluation of Trustworthiness for LLMs in Arabic
Why So Gullible? Enhancing the Robustness of Retrieval-Augmented Models against Counterfactual Noise
Label Dependencies-aware Set Prediction Networks for Multi-label Text Classification
Unleashing Network Potentials for Semantic Scene Completion
STRIDE: Single-video based Temporally Continuous Occlusion Robust 3D Pose Estimation
Should we be going MAD? A Look at Multi-Agent Debate Strategies for LLMs
Comparing roughness maps generated by five roughness descriptors for LiDAR-derived digital elevation models
Un-Mixing Test-Time Normalization Statistics: Combatting Label Temporal Correlation
Efficient Multi-scale Network with Learnable Discrete Wavelet Transform for Blind Motion Deblurring
Large Language Models Cannot Self-Correct Reasoning Yet
Are Synthetic Data Useful for Egocentric Hand-Object Interaction Detection?
Which Modality should I use -- Text, Motif, or Image? : Understanding Graphs with Large Language Models
SSR-Encoder: Encoding Selective Subject Representation for Subject-Driven Generation
Mixed-Distil-BERT: Code-mixed Language Modeling for Bangla, English, and Hindi
Rectifying Demonstration Shortcut in In-Context Learning
RING-NeRF : Rethinking Inductive Biases for Versatile and Efficient Neural Fields
Basque and Spanish Counter Narrative Generation: Data Creation and Evaluation
Osprey: Pixel Understanding with Visual Instruction Tuning
Like a Nesting Doll : Analyzing Recursion Analogies Generated by CS Students using Large Language Models
Better Zero-Shot Reasoning with Role-Play Prompting
Large Language Models and Causal Inference in Collaboration: A Comprehensive Survey
MT-PATCHER: Selective and Extendable Knowledge Distillation from Large Language Models for Machine Translation
Information Extraction: An application to the domain of hyper-local financial data on developing countries
Shifted Autoencoders for Point Annotation Restoration in Object Counting
From Skepticism to Acceptance: Simulating the Attitude Dynamics Toward Fake News
Eliciting the Translation Ability of Large Language Models via Multilingual Finetuning with Translation Instructions
You Only Learn One Query: Learning Unified Human Query for Single-Stage Multi-Person Multi-Task Human-Centric Perception
RAGGED: Towards Informed Design of Retrieval Augmented Generation Systems
ChartInstruct: Instruction Tuning for Chart Comprehension and Reasoning
Exploring the Comprehension of ChatGPT in Traditional Chinese Medicine Knowledge
Safe and Generalized end-to-end Autonomous Driving System with Reinforcement Learning and Demonstrations
Unveiling the Generalization Power of Fine-Tuned Large Language Models
Semiparametric Token-Sequence Co-Supervision
Dynamic Memory Compression: Retrofitting LLMs for Accelerated Inference
Detecting Hallucination and Coverage Errors in Retrieval Augmented Generation for Controversial Topics
Ethos: Rectifying Language Models in Orthogonal Parameter Space
IBVC: Interpolation-driven B-frame Video Compression
Your whole repo fits in the context window
MCFEND: A Multi-source Benchmark Dataset for Chinese Fake News Detection
Most discriminative stimuli for functional cell type clustering
Alibaba pits people against AI in its annual mathematics competition
Can US Congress control the abuse of AI in the 2024 election?   podcast
Unlocking the Potential of Stock Trading AI
Expert Tips for Processing One Billion Rows in PHP!
LLMs Are More Than Generative AI
11 AI startups to watch, according to investors
From Google AI: Advancing Machine Learning with Enhanced Transformers for Superior Online Continual Learning
This Paper Introduces GPTSwarm: An Open-Source Machine Learning Framework that Constructs Language Agents from Graphs and Agent Societies from Graph Compositions
From Data to Insights: How Enterprise AI Unlocks Hidden Value in Big Data
Databricks Invests in Mistral AI, Integrates AI Models for Its Customers
[D] GPT-4 fails in algorithmic puzzles
Devin is Just Canva for Developers
Oil companies are increasingly using AI and remote operations to drill faster, suggest better ways to frack, and predict when active well pumps will fail (David Wethe/Bloomberg)
[D] EU Act just passed.Opinion ?
Rimes launches Data Lakehouse Copilot for natural language insights
[D] What are some well-written ML codebases to refer to get inspiration on good ML software design?
Coalition for Health AI (CHAI) announces founding partners
Will AI save humanity? US tech fest offers reality check
What Asterisk (*) Can Do In Python
Beyond Pixels: Enriching Digital Creativity with Subject-Derived Image Generation
Amazon AI Researchers Introduce Chronos: A New Machine Learning Framework for Pretrained Probabilistic Time Series Models
[D] Memory inside sequence models
Elon Musk vs. Sam Altman: One is clearly winning the nastiest battle in tech
GenAI is Going to Change India's Agriculture Forever
Quintessent raises $11.5M seed to future-proof optical connectivity
I spent 10 minutes shopping for a mattress topper online, and it dispelled all notions of online privacy I ever held
Mercedes begins piloting Apptronik humanoid robots
US pushes for global AI regulations at UN general assembly
Google I/O 2024 is taking place on 14 May
Enhancing API Observability Series (Part 2): Log Analysis
Gemini 1.5 Pro - Coding Assistant with 1M tokens
Live CEOing Ep 775: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [InterpolatingFunction Methods and More]
Meet the Creators of
What to Expect From GPT-5
The shift from models to compound AI systems
Quantum-Enhanced Generative AI Generates Viable Cancer Drug Candidates
Sources: China quietly asks EV makers like BYD and Geely to sharply increase their purchases from local chipmakers, to reduce reliance on Western imports (Bloomberg)
Generative AI will drive a foundational shift for companies   IDC
Azure OpenAI  Use Your Data  Feature Is Now Generally Available
5 Top Data Science Alternative Career Paths
OpenAI and the Fierce AI Industry Debate Over Open Source
Africa's push to regulate AI starts now
AI4Bharat Rolls Out IndicLLMSuite for Building LLMs in Indian Languages
Supercharge Your Dev Workflow: How Refact's AI-powered Code Completion Boosts Developer Productivity
AI translation: how to train 'the horses of enlightenment'
Should we panic with the Advancement of AI ???
Exciting news! The speaker lineup for apply() 2024 is now live
Apple acquires DarwinAI in a bid to push ahead in the AI Race
Oracle's Generative AI Apps Use OCI Stack for Continuous Innovation
Microsoft Launches AI Chatbot for Cybersecurity
Mastering the Art of Database Engineering Management: Key Skills for Success
A system that allows home robots to cook in collaboration with humans
Text-to-Automation with LaVague
In 2024, These Sci-Fi Predictions Will Become Reality
766: Vonnegut's Player Piano (1952): An Eerie Novel on the Current AI Revolution   with Jon Krohn
In Cringe Video, OpenAI CTO Says She Doesn't Know Where Sora's Training Data Came From
3 AI Tools to Boost Your Productivity 4x
Impressive 100% Lyrics and Song Made by A.I.
The Download: Africa's AI regulation push, and how to fight denge
Staqu Unveils Trinetra-2: Crime GPT Tool with UP Police
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of March 15th
OpenAI to Receive UAE Backing for AI Chip Venture
This Microsoft Research Proposes PRISE: A Novel Machine Learning Method for Learning Multi-Task Temporal Action Abstractions that Capitalizes on a Novel Connection to NLP Methodology
'Changing tires on a moving car': A look at software modernisation
[D] Building a ML system vs project.
SXSW festival crowd responds to AI promo video with chorus of boos
5 Ways To Use LLMs On Your Laptop
Revolutionizing Agile Ceremonies with OpenAI: A Game-Changer in Software Development
Google Scholar search:  certainly, here is  -chatgpt -llm
Don't Be A Data Scientist If You.
Meet Magika: A Novel AI-Powered File Type Detection Tool that Relies on the Recent Advances of Deep Learning to Provide Accurate Detection
Zapier: How to automate your workflow
Apple Buys Canadian AI Startup
Visualize a business process through data serialization
Microsoft says AI alliances are needed to compete with Google
ASML backs  110M Dutch deeptech fund for quantum, semiconductors
Chatbots promise a future that will never arrive
AI and the Future of Actually Getting a Job
UAE set to help fund OpenAI's in-house chips
AI unlocks new solar energy horizons in China
The Fun in Functional Programming
Bill Gates says AI won't magically solve problems that humans aren't already good at
Intro to LLM Agents with Langchain: When RAG is Not Enough
Quiet-STaR trains AI to think before it speaks, promising a leap in machine understanding
Amazon QuickSight
EU Passes First Major Piece of AI Regulation
From Sketch to Platformer: Google Genie's Artistic Approach to Game Generation
AI Regulation is Rolling Out.And the Data Intelligence Platform is Here to Help
How to Store Embeddings in Vector Search and Implement RAG
LLM-Native Products: Industry Best Practices and What's Ahead
Anthropic unveils new  Claude 3  AI models to beat OpenAI and Google
Why Are Large AI Models Being Red Teamed?
Flexera 2024 State of the Cloud Reveals Spending as the Top Challenge of Cloud Computing
What is Darwin AI and how could Apple use its new tech?
We asked ChatGPT and Claude to analyze Biden's cognitive abilities based on the Joe Biden-Robert Hur transcript. Their verdict: the president is doing fine.
Explainer: What Is a Random Forest?
How AI Is Fighting Monopolies in Sports Advertising With GPUs and Servers
What Does it Take to Get into Data Engineering in 2024?
Make a New Super Mario-Like Game With DeepMind's Genie
Devin AI: Friend or Foe for Software Engineers?
AI-equipped robots help logistics industry to fight labor shortages
You Will Love This Tool! PS:  Talk to a GitHub Repo  AI
GM uses AI tool to determine which truck stops should get EV chargers
Reasoning Breakthroughs in AI: DeepMind's Geometry Problems vs. Tau's Wide Scope Capabilities
YOLO-World: Real-Time Open-Vocabulary Object Detection
Apple has acquired AI start-up DarwinAI and hired some staff
Abridge & UCI Health bring AI-powered clinical notes system-wide
Study Shows That AI Images of Food Look Tastier Than Real Food Photos
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/14/2024
The best AI productivity tools in 2024
Tips for communicating with non-technical stakeholders
MOIRAI: Salesforce's Foundation Model for Time-Series Forecasting
Enhancing RAG-based application accuracy by constructing and leveraging knowledge graphs
HEAL: A framework for health equity assessment of machine learning performance
KissanAI Unveils Dhenu Vision LLMs for Crop Disease Detection
Microsoft is once again asking Chrome users to try Bing through unblockable pop-ups
Stanford Health Care Upgrading Patient Care with AI-Powered DAX Copilot App
How RapidAI Uses Edge, Kubernetes and AI to Boost Stroke Care
10 Best Trend Analysis Software AI Tools
[R] Quiet-STaR: Language Models Can Teach Themselves to Think Before Speaking
How the FDAP Stack Gives InfluxDB 3.0 Real-Time Speed, Efficiency
Ofer Ronen, Co-Founder and CEO of Tomato.ai   Interview Series
Peter Thiel Unloads $175 Million of Palantir in First Sale Since 2021
Facing Nvidia's Dominance: Agile ML Development Strategies for Non-Big Tech Players (Amid Supply and Cost Challenges)
DeepMind's new  generalist  AI follows language instructions in all kinds of games
Taipy vs Streamlit: Navigating the Best Path to Build Python Data & AI Web Applications with Multi-user Capability, Large Data Support, and UI Design Flexibility
You can now try Copilot Pro for free, and here's why you'll want to
Google's AI generated response to a  commonly asked question  about the Talmud (a Jewish religious text) lifts from a Wikipedia article about a work of Antisemitic propoganda, and authoritatively restates those allegations as fact.
New Report Sees AI Supercomputer Market Being Valued at $6.43B by 2030
Benchmarking Query Analysis in High Cardinality Situations
AV pioneer Erez Dagan joins Wayve as company President
The Sora Saga Has Only Just Started
Stage a Productivity Revolution with Process Automation, AI and Data Fabric
Apple buys AI startup Darwin AI for more efficient generative AI
Hyundai-backed Motional buys time with a bridge loan
Utilizing the OpenAI API for Detection of SMS Spam Messages
G7 nations want 'trustworthy' AI but say rules can vary
India drops plan to require approval for AI model launches
Reddit says FTC launched an inquiry into Reddit's licensing of user data to AI companies; an ex-FTC official says other companies also got such  hold letters  (Dan Primack/Axios)
'Games made by soulless machines': Tech sparks debate over AI stories in video games
What is Devin AI? The world's first AI software engineer everyone is talking about
EU scrutinizes Big Tech over generative AI for election manipulation
After criticism, India's Ministry of Electronics and IT revises its AI advisory to drop plans to require government approval before new AI models are launched (Manish Singh/TechCrunch)
Walmart's AI Truck Delivery Software Goes Public
MAKE AI Song Covers With ANY VOICE For FREE LOCALLY!
AI Image-Generator Blocks Fake Biden and Trump Images Ahead of Election
Vendored Wheels in Distributions Means Problems
[Exclusive] Zilliz Roundtable // Why Purpose-built Vector Databases Matter for Your Use Case
Should AI Gains Mean a 32-Hour Workweek?
New AI Use Cases You Have To See to Believe
AI News: Get Ready, The World is About to Change
Meet Quiet-STaR - AI Learnt to THINK before SPEAKING!!!
Is LLM Fine-tuning Here to Stay?
New Breakthrough in Photonics: x1000 faster. My View
Google DeepMind's SIMA AI aims to play video games like a human, not a dominant AI
Sony's PS5 Pro is up to three times faster, may arrive holiday 2024
The 10 Best AI Search Engines to Try in 2024
Elon Musk's AI startup X.AI allegedly pays top dollar
FTC Probes Reddit's Plan to License User Content to AI Firms
Adobe Falls and Bitcoin Slides from Record High | Bloomberg Technology
Quantum Machine Learning with Python: Kernel Methods and Neural Networks
Once  too scary  to release, GPT-2 gets squeezed into an Excel spreadsheet
The FTC is probing Reddit's AI licensing deals
[P] Reproducing the  Self-Rewarding Language Models  Paper by MetaAI
3 Questions: What you need to know about audio deepfakes
Skyvern: Easily Automate Web-Based Tasks With AI! (Opensource)
Propelling Your Numerical Results Forward
Sources: Social Capital fired two of its partners after they tried to raise ~$2M from outside the firm for AI chipmaker Groq, which rankled Chamath Palihapitiya (Lizette Chapman/Bloomberg)
VSCode top 50 shortcut keys
Researchers use ASCII art to elicit harmful responses from 5 major AI chatbots
[R] AutoDev: Automated AI-Driven Development - Microsoft 2024
Apple's latest acquisition hints at AI-powered iPhone plans
What are indications/artifacts of a *poorly* implemented RAG system?
Researchers detail ArtPrompt, a jailbreak that uses ASCII art to elicit harmful responses from aligned LLMs such as GPT-3.5, GPT-4, Gemini, Claude, and Llama2 (Dan Goodin/Ars Technica)
Python: If You Don't Know Conditional Statements, Then Read This
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/15/2024
Do you think CV is one of the hardest branches of CS?
Devin AI vs Other AI Tools: A Paradigm Shift in Software Development
2024 is the Year of Embodied AI
CXL Is Dead In The AI Era
[D] Blogs Similar to distill.pub?
Self-driving startup Waabi unveils Copilot4D, a generative AI model trained on troves of lidar data to help predict traffic flow 5-10 seconds into the future (James O'Donnell/MIT Technology Review)
Zhejiang University Researchers Propose Fuyou: A Low-Cost Deep Learning Training Framework that Enables Efficient 100B Huge Model Fine-Tuning on a Low-End Server with a Low-End GPU and Limited CPU Memory Capacity
Any companies in the DS space people would love to name and shame?
Phanpy
Meet Ragas: A Python-based Machine Learning Framework that Helps to Evaluate Your Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Pipelines
Data Science & DevTools: GitHub Codespaces
Social Capital AI Startup Deal Led Palihapitiya to Fire Partners
Meet Motion Mamba: A Novel Machine Learning Framework Designed for Efficient and Extended Sequence Motion Generation
A 17-year-old took home $250,000 for his award-winning discovery in computer 'brains' that could make AI smarter and safer
[D] Functional Programming in ML
npm install everything, and the complete and utter chaos that follows
Reddit's Sale of User Data for AI Training Draws FTC Investigation
AI, chatbots, and augmented reality lead the top tech trends of the week
Google VLOGGER AI
Unlocking the Potential of General Computer Control with CRADLE: Steering Through Digital Challenges
MobiLlama: Your Compact Language Companion
DeepMind's Gemma: Advancing AI Safety and Performance with Open Models
OpenAI Adds News Partnerships in French and Spanish Through Le Monde and Prisa
Can Continual Learning Strategies Outperform Traditional Re-Training in Large Language Models? This AI Research Unveils Efficient Machine Learning Approaches
How to install python in a docker container.
Introduction to HTML: The HyperText Markup Language
What's your go-to framework to creating web apps/ dashboards
Building Machine Learning Products - Reem Mahmoud
AI Report Raises Alarm About  Extinction-Level Threat
LCM for Krita - OVERPOWERED!!!!
FCC Bans AI-Generated Robocalls After 2020 Election Impersonation
therapini
Mercedes Hires Humanoid Robots to Work at Its Factories
AI Document Translator
SousChefAI
Google DeepMind Introduces SIMA: The First Generalist Artificial Intelligence AI Agent to Follow Natural-Language Instructions in a Broad Range of 3D Virtual Environments and Video Games
Anthropic Releases Claude 3 Haiku: The Fastest and Most Cost-Effective Artificial Intelligence (AI) Model in Its Intelligence Class
UiPath is Built With Indian Talent, Blood and Effort
Video Highlights: NumPy, SciPy and the Economics of Open-Source   with Dr. Travis Oliphant
Abu Dhabi's MGX fund in early talks to fund OpenAI's chip ambitions
COULER: An AI System Designed for Unified Machine Learning Workflow Optimization in the Cloud
Synth2: Boosting Visual-Language Models with Synthetic Captions and Image Embeddings by Researchers from Google DeepMind
Former Blue Origin Employees Want to Harvest Helium-3 From the Moon
Apple Without AI Looks More Like Coca-Cola Than High-Growth Tech
[R] RepoHyper: Better Context Retrieval Is All You Need for Repository-Level Code Completion
I asked Microsoft's AI to describe my sofa. It tried to sell me a different one
Building a QA Research Chatbot with Amazon Bedrock and LangChain
Diagram Share: The Evolution of Commercial Text-to-Video
Reddit's data licensing practices for AI models draw FTC scrutiny ahead of IPO
Tech Stocks Left Out of Rally Ease Fears a Bubble Is Building
Using Self-Organizing Map To Bolster Retrieval-Augmented Generation In Large Language Models
AI is keeping GitHub chief legal officer Shelley McKinley busy
This Week in AI: Midjourney bets it can beat the copyright police
Full Architecture of the Nvidia GH200 Grace Hopper Superchip
Google's new AI referee Cappy brings out the best in large language models
ASCII Art exposes vulnerabilities in leading large language models
FTC conducting inquiry into Reddit's AI data-licensing practices ahead of IPO
As AI tools get smarter, they're growing more covertly racist, experts find
Building Your First Desktop Application using PySide6 [A Data Scientist Edition]
Are AI Dolls the Answer to Loneliness?
How Lucky is a Bowl of Lucky Charms?
RepoHyper: Better Context Retrieval Is All You Need for Repository-Level Code Completion
Lesion-conditioning of synthetic MRI-derived subtraction-MIPs of the breast using a latent diffusion model
[P] LLaMA Nuts and Bolts: A holistic way of understanding how LLaMA and Large Language Models run
Quoting Leopold Aschenbrenner, OpenAI
Apple is working on multimodal AI. Here's what they've uncovered so far.
Aaron Levie leads Box into its third era focused on workflow automation and AI
Python Data Analysis with Developer Tools & AI (and #14DaysOfDataScience)
Question about RNNs
[P] Llama2 7B and 13B Chat Completion for Kaggle TPU v3-8
[R] AnyGPT: Unified Multimodal LLM with Discrete Sequence Modeling
Can Social Intelligence in Language Agents Be Enhanced Through Interaction and Imitation? This Paper Introduces SOTOPIA-, a Novel Approach to Cultivating AI Social Skills
[R] What is different between these datasets?
Hackers can access your private, encrypted AI assistant chats
Weeknotes: the aftermath of NICAR
Building Your Own Personal AI Assistant: A Step-by-Step Guide to Build a Text and Voice Local LLM
[R] Dynamic Memory Compression: Retrofitting LLMs for Accelerated Inference
[R] Apple - MM1: Methods, Analysis & Insights from Multimodal LLM Pre-training
Confused student
Which AWS Service should I use for a 7b model [D]
CVS Data scientist case interview
jackson-dataformat-xml issues
Python's Power: Mastering Everyday Coding Tasks
Apple researchers detail MM1, a series of multimodal LLMs with up to 30B parameters they say achieve state-of-the-art performance across multiple AI benchmarks (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Apple Announces MM1: A Family of Multimodal LLMs Up To 30B Parameters that are SoTA in Pre-Training Metrics and Perform Competitively after Fine-Tuning
Choosing the best asynchronous library in Python
What I Learned in my First 3 Months as a Freelance Data Scientist
Converting HTML to Image. and GIF
Meet VidProM: Pioneering the Future of Text-to-Video Diffusion with a Groundbreaking Dataset
Dynamically Import Python Modules for Enhanced Flexibility!
[D] I don't understand how backprop works on sparsely gated MoE
Google AI Proposes FAX: A JAX-Based Python Library for Defining Scalable Distributed and Federated Computations in the Data Center
Someone who claimed to have worked at Disney before is saying that Pixar will go through a massive layoff very soon due to advancement of AI such as Midjourney. Thoughts?
Navigating the Waters of Artificial Intelligence Safety: Legal and Technical Safeguards for Independent AI Research
Researchers at Stanford University Introduce 'pyvene': An Open-Source Python Library that Supports Intervention-Based Research on Machine Learning Models
The problem of ASI alignment reflects the problem of misalignment between the interests of the elite with common humanity. We have to hope that greater intelligence tends to awareness of the interdependence of all intelligences, and press through AGI
What's Devin Up to?
Inflection Reveals a New Model Rivaling GPT-4, Pi Daily Users, and Different Assistant Strategy
14 most powerful Figma plugins for developers
Top Strategies for Writing Better Python Functions!
Python: The Many Ways to Merge a Dictionary
Command-line interfaces (CLI) in Python using Typer!
Having fun generating plant pictures... 10 trained models and counting
This doesn't look good, this commercial appears to be made with AI
Meet Rerankers: A Lightweight Python Library to Provide a Unified Way to Use Various Reranking Methods
Thread Safety in Python Multithreaded Applications
How To Advance In Data Science
5 Effective VS Code Tips for Python Developers!
How Perceptions of Robot Autonomy Shape Responsibility
MOIRAI: A Revolutionary Time-Series Forecasting Foundation Model
AI Reflections on Sentience, Ethics & the Future of AGI | Claude
How Projects like SciPy Succeed
Data Interpreter: Ultimate Coding Agent-Framework That Executes, Predicts, and Solves Tasks!
Model Merging and Mixtures of Experts // Maxime Labonne // AI in Production Conference
AI Teaching Assistant YourWai Raises Controversy in Brooklyn Schools
AI, IoT, and Cloud Solutions Transforming Manufacturing Sector
States Take on AI Bias with New Legislation
Voice Cloning For Any Language | Fine-Tuning Tortoise-TTS | Part 1
[P] Cataloguing my vinyl collection with computer vision
10 Groundbreaking Applications of ChatGPT in Healthcare
Prompt Journey
AI Scam Complaints Are Just the Tip of the Iceberg
LeetCard: AI-powered FlashCards
I want to track a black line on a white sheet of paper for a line-tracking car. Is there any method for it to stop randomly track other black object? I really don't want to take 500 pics and trained a model just for a black line
Building CRUD with ES6 JavaScript and Local Storage
Simple Introduction To HTMX
Meet Vectorview: An AI Research Startup that Makes It Easy to Evaluate the Capabilities of Foundation Models and LLM Agents
Simone Lia: AI AI, OH   cartoon
Running CV Detection On a Locked Down System
Tsinghua University Researchers Propose V3D: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Method for Generating Consistent Multi-View Images with Image-to-Video Diffusion Models
AI's Integration into Cybersecurity Frameworks
Entry-Level Data/ML/AI Professionals Earning 150-200k+: What's Your Secret?
Firefly follows Google's footsteps in creating AI images that distort historical reality
Dev.to and GitHub usage pl Syntax Highlighter
How to Use ChatGPT: A Step-by-Step Guide
Labour considers 'nudification' ban and cross-party pledge on AI deepfakes
Gemini's flawed AI racial images seen as warning of tech titans' power
Unveiling the Future of AI Cognition: KAIST Researchers Break New Ground with MoAI Model, Leveraging External Computer Vision Insights to Bridge the Gap Between Seeing and Understanding
Real-World PyTorch: From Zero to Hero in Deep Learning & LLMs | Tensors, Operations, Model Training
Apple debuts its MM1 multimodal AI model with rich visual capabilities
Decoding the data dilemma: Strategies for effective data deletion in the age of AI
One AI for Navigating Any 3D Environment
Data Machina #245
In the rush to build AI apps, please, please don't leave security behind
[D] Distributed Training Strategy
This Paper Introduces AQLM: A Machine Learning Algorithm that Helps in the Extreme Compression of Large Language Models via Additive Quantization
Internet Archive's Brewster Kahle on AI for Digital Libraries
Deep Dive into Automatic Prompt Engineering (APE)
[R] Mixture-of-LoRAs: An Efficient Multitask Tuning for Large Language Models
Maisa's  Knowledge Processing Unit  boosts language models' reasoning capabilities
Unleash Your Creativity with AWS Bedrock: Formula 1 Championship (Day 2)
Exploring the Frontier of AI: Large World Models (LWM) and the Revolution in Language and Video.
AWS Bedrock
How long until AI eliminates the modeling industry?
Unveiling the Magic Behind Stable Diffusion 3
Apple's New CarPlay Becomes Last Hope to Crack the Auto Industry
The Design Shift: Building Applications in the Era of Large Language Models
Unlocking High-Quality Realistic Pictures: Tips and Tricks with AWS Bedrock
Ideas for Final Year Project - CS
Probably the Best Data Visualisation for Showing Many-to-Many Proportion In Python
Demystifying Mixtral of Experts
How to run an LLM on your PC, not in the cloud, in less than 10 minutes
How to Optimize Recommendation Results with Genetic Algorithm
OpenAI looks to UAE fund to back its chip development venture
[D] Chat with your tables - What to use for Database Q/A with Open source LMs?
Create a Hilarious Joke API with Flask and Python
When Do You Self Join? A Handy Trick
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 04/03 to 10/03
GeFF: Revolutionizing Robot Perception and Action with Scene-Level Generalizable Neural Feature Fields
Implement user authentication with Node.js and Teo in 5 lines of code
Engenharia Reversa: Primeiro Contato - Parte 1
Yet Another Newsletter LOL: Pi Day
Fine-tune Mixtral-8x7B Quantized with AQLM (2-bit) on Your GPU
[R] Neural Rankers for Code Generation via Inter-Cluster Modeling
An interview with Aaron Levie about Box's acquisition of Crooze, as Box embraces the content management industry's shift toward AI and workflow automation (Ron Miller/TechCrunch)
Pythonic Isolation: Virtual Environments
Machine Learning in a non-Euclidean Space
Is Devin AI Really Going To Takeover Software Engineer Jobs?
Not just the hardware: How deep is Nvidia's software moat?
[R] LLM4Decompile: Decompiling Binary Code with Large Language Models
learning AI as a highschooler
xAI open sources the base model weights and network architecture of Grok-1, a 314B parameter Mixture-of-Experts model, under the Apache 2.0 license (x.ai)
Add ETag header for static responses
Something felt 'off'   how AI messed with our human research, and what we learned
How does SQLite store data?
AItoMobile - Build an AI Powered Mobile App
A profile of server maker Supermicro, whose flexibility in offering custom servers has been an advantage in the AI boom, as the company joins S&P 500 on Monday (Wall Street Journal)
[P] Paperlib: An open-source and modern-designed academic paper management tool.
Having trouble while applying for internships. Any suggestions?
[P] Distillation Tower Overhead Sulfur Prediction
The Mathematics and Foundations behind Spectral Clustering
Grok-1 code and model weights release
[P] MOIRAI: New Time-Series Foundation Forecasting Model by Salesforce
Mevaker: Conclusion Extraction and Allocation Resources for the Hebrew Language
XATU: A Fine-grained Instruction-based Benchmark for Explainable Text Updates
Elon Musk's xAI releases Grok-1, the largest open source mixture-of-experts model to date
Clustered Standard Errors in AB Tests
PET-SQL: A Prompt-enhanced Two-stage Text-to-SQL Framework with Cross-consistency
Investigating grammatical abstraction in language models using few-shot learning of novel noun gender
Platypus: Quick, Cheap, and Powerful Refinement of LLMs
Lost in Overlap: Exploring Watermark Collision in LLMs
Data Engineering: Incremental Data Loading Strategies
Monotonic Representation of Numeric Properties in Language Models
Re-Search for The Truth: Multi-round Retrieval-augmented Large Language Models are Strong Fake News Detectors
Simulating Weighted Automata over Sequences and Trees with Transformers
Read between the lines -- Functionality Extraction From READMEs
Linguistic Structure Induction from Language Models
Another autonomous vehicle startup shutters, Zoox expands driverless testing and investor fervor for AI escalates
The Whole is Better than the Sum: Using Aggregated Demonstrations in In-Context Learning for Sequential Recommendation
Sliding puzzle game Genetic Algorithm solver
GitHub - xai-org/grok-1: Grok open release
Evaluating the Application of Large Language Models to Generate Feedback in Programming Education
Evaluating Large Language Models as Generative User Simulators for Conversational Recommendation
Accurate Retraining-free Pruning for Pretrained Encoder-based Language Models
Prediction of readmission of patients by extracting biomedical concepts from clinical texts
LocalMamba: Revolutionizing Visual Perception with Innovative State Space Models for Enhanced Local Dependency Capture
A Hybrid Intelligence Method for Argument Mining
Sabi\\'a-2: A New Generation of Portuguese Large Language Models
Image Demoireing in RAW and sRGB Domains
Is Translation All You Need? A Study on Solving Multilingual Tasks with Large Language Models
Explainable AI: Thinking like a machine
RAFT: Adapting Language Model to Domain Specific RAG
Inside generative AI music startup Suno, whose model can compose songs, including human vocals, using a text prompt, as it aims to democratize music making (Brian Hiatt/Rolling Stone)
Modeling non-genetic information dynamics in cells using reservoir computing
Take Care of Your Prompt Bias! Investigating and Mitigating Prompt Bias in Factual Knowledge Extraction
Intent-conditioned and Non-toxic Counterspeech Generation using Multi-Task Instruction Tuning with RLAIF
Triple GNNs: Introducing Syntactic and Semantic Information for Conversational Aspect-Based Quadruple Sentiment Analysis
Identifying Health Risks from Family History: A Survey of Natural Language Processing Techniques
CinPatent: Datasets for Patent Classification
Exploring the Potential of Large Language Models in Computational Argumentation
GAPS: Geometry-Aware, Physics-Based, Self-Supervised Neural Garment Draping
Comprehensive Implementation of TextCNN for Enhanced Collaboration between Natural Language Processing and System Recommendation
Mining Clinical Notes for Physical Rehabilitation Exercise Information: Natural Language Processing Algorithm Development and Validation Study
MaiBaam: A Multi-Dialectal Bavarian Universal Dependency Treebank
TriSum: Learning Summarization Ability from Large Language Models with Structured Rationale
TSMC Bulls Ignore Buffett's Warning for Bet on Coming AI Age
Enhanced Coherence-Aware Network with Hierarchical Disentanglement for Aspect-Category Sentiment Analysis
This AI Paper from the University of Oxford Proposes Magi: A Machine Learning Tool to Make Manga Accessible to the Visually Impaired
Fine-tuning vs Prompting, Can Language Models Understand Human Values?
Understanding HTML Forms and Validations for Beginners.
What Was Your Prompt? A Remote Keylogging Attack on AI Assistants
Repoformer: Selective Retrieval for Repository-Level Code Completion
Extraction of Sleep Information from Clinical Notes of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease Using Natural Language Processing
Generative deep learning-enabled ultra-large field-of-view lens-free imaging
A Question on the Explainability of Large Language Models and the Word-Level Univariate First-Order Plausibility Assumption
Enhancing Chain-of-Thoughts Prompting with Iterative Bootstrapping in Large Language Models
Helpful or Harmful? Exploring the Efficacy of Large Language Models for Online Grooming Prevention
Don't Half-listen: Capturing Key-part Information in Continual Instruction Tuning
Enhancing Depression-Diagnosis-Oriented Chat with Psychological State Tracking
A Semantic Mention Graph Augmented Model for Document-Level Event Argument Extraction
Revisiting Zero-Shot Abstractive Summarization in the Era of Large Language Models from the Perspective of Position Bias
Cross-linguistically Consistent Semantic and Syntactic Annotation of Child-directed Speech
Think Before You Speak: Cultivating Communication Skills of Large Language Models via Inner Monologue
The Dawn of Grok-1: A Leap Forward in AI Accessibility
Scaling Behavior of Machine Translation with Large Language Models under Prompt Injection Attacks
RAD-PHI2: Instruction Tuning PHI-2 for Radiology
Do Large Language Models Solve ARC Visual Analogies Like People Do?
Self-Consistency Boosts Calibration for Math Reasoning
Elon Musk's xAI Open Sources Grok
Can Factual Statements be Deceptive? The DeFaBel Corpus of Belief-based Deception
Geographically-Informed Language Identification
A Big Data Approach to Understand Sub-national Determinants of FDI in Africa
BOK-VQA: Bilingual outside Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering via Graph Representation Pretraining
Think Twice Before Assure: Confidence Estimation for Large Language Models through Reflection on Multiple Answers
DRAGIN: Dynamic Retrieval Augmented Generation based on the Real-time Information Needs of Large Language Models
xAI open-sources base model of Grok, but without any training code
FakeWatch: A Framework for Detecting Fake News to Ensure Credible Elections
xAI releases Grok-1 [N]
Meta-Cognitive Analysis: Evaluating Declarative and Procedural Knowledge in Datasets and Large Language Models
WebQAmGaze: A Multilingual Webcam Eye-Tracking-While-Reading Dataset
OverleafCopilot: Empowering Academic Writing in Overleaf with Large Language Models
Imperio: Language-Guided Backdoor Attacks for Arbitrary Model Control
Introducing Seaborn Objects
Exact Consistency Tests for Gaussian Mixture Filters using Normalized Deviation Squared Statistics
A comprehensive study on Frequent Pattern Mining and Clustering categories for topic detection in Persian text stream
[P] Free Compute to Train Models (must be open source)
Grok-1 Open Source: 314B Mixture-of-Experts Model by xAI | Blog post, GitHub/Source Code
Episode 5: The white mask
Granica joins Google Cloud Partner Advantage
[D] xAI's Qdrant.Why?
Apple Is in Talks to Let Google's Gemini Power iPhone Generative AI Features
FuzzTypes: A Python Library for Creating Custom Annotation Types that 'Autocorrect' Data
Teenage AI founders: 'I have seven hours less than my competitors because I'm at school'
Sources: Apple and Google are in active talks to let Gemini power some new features coming to iPhone in 2024; Apple also held talks with OpenAI to use its model (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
GENAUDIT: A Machine Learning Tool to Assist Users in Fact-Checking LLM-Generated Outputs Against Inputs with Evidence
[P] Hugging Face Demo App: Explainable Generative AI for Tabular Data
Apple's AI ambitions could include Google or OpenAI
Redefining Efficiency: Beyond Compute-Optimal Training to Predict Language Model Performance on Downstream Tasks
Harnessing the Power of AI for Faster and Smarter Data Recovery
Apple is reportedly exploring a partnership with Google for Gemini-powered feature on iPhones
After OpenAI, Apple Turns to Google's Gemini
[D] How to prepare for a META Research Engineer Interview
Behind the rise of AI ambient clinical documentation tools, which let doctors record and automatically turn conversations with patients into clinical notes (Ashley Capoot/CNBC)
This Machine Learning Research Presents ScatterMoE: An Implementation of Sparse Mixture-of-Experts (SMoE) on GPUs
Qualcomm unveils the Snapdragon 8S Gen 3, aiming to bring most 8 Gen 3 features, including on-device AI models, to mid-range smartphones in the  coming months  (Allison Johnson/The Verge)
Which is the Most Frustrating Programming Language?
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/17/2024
Perplexity is Most Likely a Google Search Wrapper
Aditya Birla Sun Life Launches MyMutualFundGPT
Evaluating databases for sensor data
Apple reportedly in talks with Google to license Google's Gemini AI for iPhones
ChatGPT Super Prompt Generator
3 useful AI features coming to future Android phones with this Qualcomm chipset
Create a generative AI application with Angular and Gemini REST API
Hackers use AI in Tax Fraud Scams
Microsoft promises Copilot will be a 'moneymaker' in the long term
Business use cases for Generative AI
Nvidia Backs Little-Known Upstart in India's Biggest AI Bet Yet
Nvidia GeForce Now Ultimate vs. Your Own RTX GPU
Elon Musk's xAI open-sources Grok
Which AI should I use? Superpowers and the State of Play
Explore the Global Generative AI Landscape 2024 by AIport
Meet Relari: An AI Research Startup Building an Open-Source Platform to Simulate, Test, and Validate Complex Generative AI (GenAI) Applications
4 ways AI is contributing to bias in the workplace
[D] When your use of AI for summary didn't come out right. A published Elsevier research paper
The Five Step Playbook to Move GenAI into Production
AI to create a half billion new jobs   here's why
Nvidia's Conference Will Be 'Woodstock' for AI Developers
Enhancing Industrial Anomaly Detection with RealNet: A Unified AI Framework for Realistic Anomaly Synthesis and Efficient Feature Reconstruction
Everything You Need to Know About BharatGPT
Quick tip: Using Apache Spark with SingleStore Notebooks
Data Science Hiring Process at Healthify
Opensource Grok-1: A New Frontier in AI by xAI
FastEval: Single Click Evaluation of Language Models
Astera Boosts IPO Size, Price Range as AI Stock Rally Churns On
The First Ola Mobile Mining App: A New 'Verify to Earn' Paradigm with a 10% Token Airdrop Plan
Mastering Midjourney   Creating Characters to use with cref
RTX 5080 could be faster than RTX 4090 in ray tracing, top 3 Blackwell GPUs tipped to use GDDR7 memory
Human Mental Health and Artificial Intelligence
Telugu LLM Labs Unveils Navarasa 2.0, Gemma Instruction Tuned Model in 15 Indian Languages
[D] Math behind neural operator for PDE solving
7 Free Google Courses to Become a Machine Learning Engineer
Nvidia B100, B200, GB200 - COGS, Pricing, Margins, Ramp - Oberon, Umbriel, Miranda
Too Much Trust in AI Poses Unexpected Threats to the Scientific Process
How to Craft the Movie Schedule?
AI Assisted Content Creation is Here to Stay
Devin: A Tool, Not a Substitute for Your Job
Elon Musk Opensources Grok
Game studios show resilience amid shifting market | Unity
Step-by-Step Guide to Open-Source Implementation of Generative Fill: Part 1
As the US government and record labels go after TikTok, musicians get the squeeze
OpenAI releases Transformer Debugger tool
The Road to Biology 2.0 Will Pass Through Black-Box Data
Apple May Tap Google's Gemini for AI Features on iPhone
Apple and Google partnership could bring Gemini AI tech to iPhones
Optimal Image Storage Solutions for ROS-Based Computer Vision
Amid growth in AI writing tools, this course teaches future lawyers and other professionals to become better editors
Modern & Realistic MLOps with Han-Chung Lee
Apple Can't Build AI, So It's Reportedly Asking Google Gemini to Power Siri
AI Automated Engineers - Are We Doomed?
OpenAI's Chatbot App Store Is Off to a Slow Start
Apple Launches First Multimodal AI Model
Simplifying AI Integration: Insights from Taipy's Journey
Creating OpenAI GPTs for (lots of) Fun and (a little) Profit
AI vs. elections: 4 essential reads about the threat of high-tech deception in politics
Political Veteran Lehane Nearing Deal to Join OpenAI
'Art and science:' How bracketologists are using artificial intelligence this March Madness
Google researchers unveil 'VLOGGER', an AI that can bring still photos to life
How AI taught Cassie the two-legged robot to run and jump
Weekly Roundup 044 (Mar 11):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
#AAAI2024 workshops round-up 3: human-centric representation learning, and AI to accelerate science and engineering
EDAN & GH Labs collaborate to develop AI-Enabled ultrasound devices
YouTube now requires creators to label when using AI to create realistic-looking videos via an upload checklist; clearly unrealistic videos do not need a label (Clare Duffy/CNN)
Sorry, Siri: Apple may be eyeing Google Gemini for future iPhones
David Shapiro is censoring comments that question if Claude is sentient
Google Research details VLOGGER, an AI model that can generate lifelike videos of people speaking, gesturing, and moving from a single still photo (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
How to customize LLMs for low-frequency topics
In 2024 which library is best for time series forecasting and anomaly detection? [D]
Five MIT faculty members take on Cancer Grand Challenges
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 04/03 to 10/03
A Game of Chess: Pitting ChatGPT Against Stockfish
Enhance Your Project Quality with These Top Python Libraries
FLaNK AI Weekly 18 March 2024
Apple's Subtle Pitch to AI Researchers; Index Backs Former YouTube AI Manager in Latest 'Vector Embedding' Deal
A new framework to collect training data and teach robots new manipulation policies
Understanding Impact of Advanced Retrievers on RAG Behavior through Visualization
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 brings more AI tools to Android phones. Here's what's new
Quilt is building AI assistants for solutions teams
The Basics of AI-Powered (Vector) Search
Why Figma CEO Dylan Field is optimistic about AI and the future of design
GitHub Actions For Machine Learning Beginners
Getting started with Vector Databases
Adobe Substance 3D's AI features can turn text into backgrounds and textures
Sarcos Robotics is now Palladyne AI
A profile of Indian startup Yotta Data Services, which plans to buy ~20K Nvidia H100 chips by June 2024 to offer computing power to Indian companies to build AI (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Four Graph-based Feature Engineering Ideas to Improve your ML models
Automatically redact PII from audio and video with Python
Clarifai, Deepgram strategically partner to accelerate AI Innovation
CloudSquad kicks off operations
OpenAI Tease More Sora AI Videos That People are Calling 'Bananas'
DoP Deep: The AI companies that want to replace us
Some GPT Store developers express disappointment by the lack of users and OpenAI not offering user analytics; OpenAI does not yet let developers charge money (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Of course Apple wants to bring Google's Gemini AI to iPhones
App analytics company Sensor Tower acquires Data.ai for an undisclosed amount; Crunchbase: Data.ai raised $157M+ while Sensor Tower raised just $46M (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
Unleash Your Creativity with AWS Bedrock: Afterparty (Day 3)
LWiAI Podcast #159 - Inflection-2.5, Devin, OpenAI board update, SIMA, EU AI Act passed
DIGITOUR: Automatic Digital Tours for Real-Estate Properties
App analytics firm Sensor Tower acquires rival Data.ai
YouTube now requires creators to disclose when realistic content was made with AI
Two artificial intelligences talk to each other
Productiv launches Sidekick, an AI-powered assistant for smarter SaaS management
Roblox's new AI features reduce the time it takes to create avatars and 3D models
Object Oriented Programming in R (Part 3): A Practical Guide to the S4 System
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Deliver Keynote at GTC 2024
YouTube adds new AI-generated content labeling tool
YouTube lays out new rules for 'realistic' AI-generated videos
TechCrunch Minute: Why the AI world is gathering at Nvidia's GTC 2024 event this week
Streamline ML Workflow with MLflow   II
Best AI Tools for Students Learning Development and Engineering
Java News Roundup: New JEP Drafts, Infinispan 15, Payara Platform, Alpaquita Containers with CRaC
Roblox introduces AI-powered tools to boost 3D content creation
AI Startup Roundup: Nvidia In Talks to Acquire Run:AI
SEO Guy Mocks Google for Deindexing His  Gibberish  AI Sites
The US SEC fines Delphia and Global Predictions a combined $400K for making  false and misleading statements  about their use of AI (Austin Weinstein/Bloomberg)
Exploring how context, culture, and character matter in avatar research
Apple and Google partnering for an AI deal is beneficial for both, giving Apple a compelling AI story for investors and Google access to affluent users (Dave Lee/Bloomberg)
Homeland Security is testing AI to help with immigration, trafficking investigations, and disaster relief
Learning Rust: Structuring Data with Structs
Researchers from MIT and Harvard Developed UNITS: A Unified Machine Learning Model for Time Series Analysis that Supports a Universal Task Specification Across Various Tasks
Machine Vision Startup Raises $3.5M for Industrial Robotics Tech
Last Week in AI #262: Startup aims to build AI programmer, Google's generalist gaming AI, xAI open-sources Grok-1, and more!
The Growth of Small Language Models
YouTube creators will now have to label certain AI-generated videos upon upload
[R] Arrows of Time for Large Language Models
The Company That Published Fake AI Authors at Sports Illustrated Just Lost the Whole Magazine
Optimizing Pandas Code: The Impact of Operation Sequence
It's hard to compete with Elon Musk when recruiting AI talent, CEO says
When AI Poisons AI: The Risks of Building AI on AI-Generated Contents
Microsoft to hold a special Windows and Surface AI event in May
Setting Up Automated Model Training Workflows with AWS S3
Searches for  As of my last knowledge update , a phrase used by ChatGPT, return 115 results on Google Scholar, suggesting the use of AI-generated text in papers (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
In partnerships with OpenAI, Anthropic, and Meta, the US DHS rolls out pilot programs to test AI tech to help combat drug and human trafficking crimes, and more (Cecilia Kang/New York Times)
[D] IJCAI'24 Rebuttal Discussion
Demand is skyrocketing for prompt engineers, one of the hottest roles in AI. But some say it won't last.
Elon Musk's AI Startup XAI Opens Grok for Business
Machine learning model detects indoor or outdoor walks based only on movement data
Getimg.ai Review: The Best Free AI Image Generator & Editor?
Scott Stavretis, CEO & Founding Director of Acquire BPO   Interview Series
I Deployed My Own Cute Lil' Private Internet (a.k.a. VPC)
Cohere Embed: New Features for more efficient and accurate enterprise search
Cohere int8 & binary Embeddings - Scale Your Vector Database to Large Datasets
Elon Musk's xAI releases Grok source and weights, taunting OpenAI
Microsoft is holding a Windows and Surface AI event on May 20; sources: the event will include the consumer versions of Surface Pro 10 and Surface Laptop 6 (The Verge)
Apple is Planning a Revolutionary AI Leap: In Talks to Integrate Google's Gemini Engine into iPhones
Groundbreaking New AI Trading Bot Hits $1M Raised in ICO
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman promises 'amazing' AI model for 2024
New algorithm unlocks high-resolution insights for computer vision
FREE AI Course By Microsoft: ZERO to HERO!
LLM Quantisation: Quantise Hugging face Model with GPTQ, AWQ and Bitsandbytes
900 Sites, 125 million accounts, 1 vulnerability
RAG observability in 2 lines of code with Llama Index & Langfuse
Nvidia is kicking off its big AI event at a sports arena. Here's how to watch.
Why Elon Musk's AI company 'open-sourcing' Grok matters   and why it doesn't
Quoting Geoffrey Litt
This Machine Learning Research from ServiceNow Proposes WorkArena and BrowserGym: A Leap Towards Automating Daily Workflows with AI
Grok-1 chatbot code released   open source or open Pandora's box?
Daily AI News Recap (03/18/2024)
Why AI governance must be step one in your generative AI journey
Apple in Talks to Bring Google's Gemini AI to iPhone: Report
YouTube Tells Creators: 'Label AI-Generated Content'
10 Important Topics Featured at the 2024 Data Engineering Summit
AI dubbing is getting scary good. This is from  PipioHQ . They translate videos while retaining the sound/intonation of the original voice, & they match lip movements to the new language!
Q&A with Sam Altman on the OpenAI board saga, Ilya Sutskever, Elon Musk's lawsuit, Sora, Q*, GPT-5, raising $7T, Google and Gemini, AGI, aliens, and more (Lex Fridman)
If Space Aliens Invade, Barack Obama Is Ready to Do His Part
New technique helps AI tell when humans are lying
The Power of Generative AI in Transforming Jobs and Training
Sorry DEVIN, Microsoft's AI SWE is coming for ya!!!
How Salesforce Leverages AI for System Health Monitoring
Video as a Universal Interface for AI Reasoning with Sherry Yang - #676
Investment advisors pay the price for selling what looked a lot like AI fairy tales
How Deloitte navigates ethics in the AI-driven workforce: Involve everyone
Microsoft is planning some more pre-Build AI announcements
MELON: Reconstructing 3D objects from images with unknown poses
Pan-sharpening methodology enhances remote sensing images
Nvidia reveals Blackwell B200 GPU, the 'world's most powerful chip' for AI
Sam Altman Also Thinks ChatGPT 'Kinda Sucks,' and He Should Know
The SEC is cracking down on investment advisers that falsely claim to use AI
A livestream of the Nvidia GTC 2024 keynote at the SAP Center in San Jose, California (NVIDIA on YouTube)
Nvidia Unveils Successor to Its All-Conquering AI Processor
This Transistor Can Be Reconfigured on the Fly
Nvidia announces a new generation of AI chips named Blackwell, starting with the GB200 Grace Blackwell Superchip, expected to ship later this year (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
AI Driving US Electricity Growth Rate By 81%, NextEra Says
Carlsmed, which is developing an AI-powered personalized surgery tool, raised a $52.5M Series C co-led by B Capital and US Venture Partners (Abhinaya Prabhu/Tech Funding News)
Leveraging GPT-Builder To Create a Plotly Python Mapping GPT
Cohere's Command-R Enterprise Model Coming to ai.nvidia.com
NVIDIA GB200 NVL72 Delivers Trillion-Parameter LLM Training and Real-Time Inference
Nvidia Blackwell GPU can run GPT-4 level models up to 30x faster
LangChain Integrates NVIDIA NIM for GPU-optimized LLM Inference in RAG
Nvidia Looks to Accelerate GenAI Adoption with NIM
Nvidia's CEO unveils the next AI chip that tech companies will be scrambling for &mdash; meet 'Blackwell'
RA-ISF: An Artificial Intelligence Framework Designed to Enhance Retrieval Augmentation Effects and Improve Performance in Open-Domain Question Answering
Nvidia launches Quantum Cloud, a service that simulates a quantum computer and allows researchers to test out their quantum computing software (Jane Lanhee Lee/Bloomberg)
YOLO Crowd Bets Nvidia Could More Than Double in Value by Friday
Nvidia unveils the Earth-2 platform, letting users create AI-powered climate simulations ranging from global atmospheric conditions to local weather phenomena (Dean Takahashi/VentureBeat)
NVIDIA NIM Offers Optimized Inference Microservices for Deploying AI Models at Scale
Simplify Custom Generative AI Development with NVIDIA NeMo Microservices
NVIDIA Introduces Very Big GPU, BLACKWELL
If you teach a chatbot how to read ASCII art, it will teach you how to make a bomb
New PlayStation 5 Pro leaks reveal multiple architectural improvements
[D] Same param count for GPT4 from Nvidia GTC24 as the leak we got from Semianalysis
Nvidia announces NIM, a set of microservices designed to streamline the deployment of custom and pre-trained AI models into production environments (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
DDN Cranks the Data Throughput with AI400X2 Turbo
Apple reveals AI model that can interpret photos and count objects
Translate Your Enterprise Data into Actionable Insights with NVIDIA NeMo Retriever
Introducing Garnet   an open-source, next-generation, faster cache-store for accelerating applications and services
An AI-generated rat with a giant penis highlights a growing crisis of fake science that's plaguing the publishing business
Am I cheating myself?
Why do paraphrasing ai tools cost so much per month?
Nvidia enlists humanoid robotics' biggest names for new AI platform, GR00T
Stability AI releases SV3D [N]
Sam Altman said he'd 'pick a different name' for OpenAI if he could go back in time
Demystifying CDC: Understanding Change Data Capture in Plain Words
Anthropic's prompt optimizer turns short prompts into detailed templates
Fine-tune Google Gemma with Unsloth and Distilled DPO on Your Computer
Pixel perfect: Engineers' new approach brings images into focus
Nvidia unveils Project GR00T, a general-purpose foundation model for humanoid robots, and Jetson Thor, a new computer designed specifically for humanoid robots (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
How Computers Work: For The Greenhorns Amongst Us.
Nvidia Joins Ongoing Race in Quantum-Computing Cloud Services
Apple may hire Google to power new iPhone AI features using Gemini report
Nvidia launches a set of microservices for optimized inferencing
Pure Storage Accelerates Enterprise AI Adoption to Meet Growing Demands with NVIDIA AI
Scaling Enterprise RAG with Accelerated Ethernet Networking and Networked Storage
NVIDIA's GenAI for Healthcare Takes Center Stage at GTC 2024
How to Take a RAG Application from Pilot to Production in Four Steps
Scale AI-Enabled Robotics Development Workloads with NVIDIA OSMO
Nvidia NIM aims to bring AI applications to businesses faster
Edify: Nvidia and Shutterstock launch text-to-3D service
Weekly Top Picks #67
Career Movement After Hitting Manager
Nvidia Announces GR00T, a Foundation Model For Humanoids
Apple and Google's Gemini AI, Nvidia's Annual Conference | Bloomberg Technology
Introducing ocrtoolkit: Your Go-To OCR Package
Smarter AI for All: Lenovo Unveils Hybrid AI Solutions that Deliver the Power of Tailored Generative AI to Every Enterprise in Collaboration with NVIDIA
Hippocratic AI, which is building an LLM for health care, raised a $53M Series A co-led by Premji Invest and General Catalyst at a $500M valuation (Financial Times)
[Project] Introducing ocrtoolkit: Your Go-To OCR Package
Nvidia CEO Becomes Stock Kingmaker by Name-Dropping Dell, Ansys
Nvidia announces a software framework built with its Omniverse Cloud APIs to let enterprise developers stream interactive 3D experiences into Apple Vision Pro (Wesley Hilliard/AppleInsider)
Need career advice
Hitachi Vantara Announces Collaboration with NVIDIA to Create New Portfolio of Industrial AI Solutions
Spotify API: How To Create a Data Set of Songs
The Department of Homeland Security Is Embracing A.I.
Stanford's VideoAgent Achieves New SOTA of Long-Form Video Understanding via Agent-Based System
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's Taylor Swift joke shows he's aware of his reputation among AI fanboys
NVIDIA's GPUs powered the AI revolution. Its new Blackwell chips are up to 30 times faster
Basic Python Projects for Beginners
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Debuts End-to-End AI-Native Portfolio for Generative AI
NVIDIA GTC Keynote: Blackwell Architecture Will Accelerate AI Products in Late 2024
Tips and Considerations for Using Lazy Containers in SwiftUI
The 'digital divide' is already hurting people's quality of life. Will AI make it better or worse?
Griffon v2: A Unified High-Resolution Artificial Intelligence Model Designed to Provide Flexible Object Referring Via Textual and Visual Cues
Embeddings, Chatbots RAG Arena et forfaits Telecom OPT-NC
The Tokenizer Playground
The Generative AI Future Is Now, Nvidia's Huang Says
I hope it's not just me.
An OpenAI mystery: YouTube videos, Google throttling, and AI training data.
Nvidia's keynote at GTC held some surprises
LatEval: An Interactive LLMs Evaluation Benchmark with Incomplete Information from Lateral Thinking Puzzles
Nvidia unveils higher performing 'superchips'
Dell adds Nvidia's next GPUs to its portfolio of AI platforms
Google AI Introduces Cappy: A Small Pre-Trained Scorer Machine Learning Model that Enhances and Surpasses the Performance of Large Multi-Task Language Models
CMMMU: A Chinese Massive Multi-discipline Multimodal Understanding Benchmark
Hybrid-Task Meta-Learning: A Graph Neural Network Approach for Scalable and Transferable Bandwidth Allocation
Stability AI debuts Stable Video 3D, a generative AI tool built on its Stable Video Diffusion model, letting users create 3D video from a text or image prompt (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
Ingrid receives $23M to expand an e-commerce delivery platform that snubs 'free shipping'
RLCD: Reinforcement Learning from Contrastive Distillation for Language Model Alignment
Toolink: Linking Toolkit Creation and Using through Chain-of-Solving on Open-Source Model
HCLTech and CAST Expand Partnership to Offer Customised Chips to OEMs
LeBenchmark 2.0: a Standardized, Replicable and Enhanced Framework for Self-supervised Representations of French Speech
OpenChat: Advancing Open-source Language Models with Mixed-Quality Data
Keras 3.1.0 Release Introduces Key Updates for Optimised AI Development
Stability AI unveils new model that can turn images into 3D objects
Assessing the potential of AI-assisted pragmatic annotation: The case of apologies
A change in the machine learning landscape
Streamlining Social Media Information Retrieval for COVID-19 Research with Deep Learning
Tata is Building an AI Marketplace For Indian Clientele
BraSyn 2023 challenge: Missing MRI synthesis and the effect of different learning objectives
Open Brain AI. Automatic Language Assessment
Databricks
SOS-Match: Segmentation for Open-Set Robust Correspondence Search and Robot Localization in Unstructured Environments
Can LLMs Express Their Uncertainty? An Empirical Evaluation of Confidence Elicitation in LLMs
Axtria Opens 9th GCC in Hyderabad
SpeechDPR: End-to-End Spoken Passage Retrieval for Open-Domain Spoken Question Answering
NVIDIA Rewrites Moore's Law with Blackwell
Sam Altman says he thought Elon Musk would have 'more empathy' for OpenAI's big dreams because it 'wasn't that long ago Elon was crazily talking about launching rockets'
Samsung Creates Lab to Research Chips for AI's Next Phase
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/18/2024
Researchers at Google AI Present a Machine Learning-based Approach to Teach Powerful LLMs How to Better Reason with Graph Information
The AI chip hype rolls on: Innatera raises  15m
Zero Resource Code-switched Speech Benchmark Using Speech Utterance Pairs For Multiple Spoken Languages
How to Read a PDF File in Python
GPT-who: An Information Density-based Machine-Generated Text Detector
Explore, Select, Derive, and Recall: Augmenting LLM with Human-like Memory for Mobile Task Automation
Pluggable Neural Machine Translation Models via Memory-augmented Adapters
Lakeside Software unveils AI-powered Intelligence Package
Majority or Minority: Data Imbalance Learning Method for Named Entity Recognition
Beginners guide to software testing in Python
Bergeron: Combating Adversarial Attacks through a Conscience-Based Alignment Framework
Google Research Introduce PERL, a New Method to Improve RLHF
Install cert-manager & Let's encrypt
Fourier Transporter: Bi-Equivariant Robotic Manipulation in 3D
Claim Detection for Automated Fact-checking: A Survey on Monolingual, Multilingual and Cross-Lingual Research
Steve Ballmer's son reflects on growing up in high net worth family
NVIDIA Blackwell Platform arrives to power a new era of computing
Kubiya.ai announced the launch of its DevOps Digital Agents
BAMBOO: A Comprehensive Benchmark for Evaluating Long Text Modeling Capacities of Large Language Models
How LLMs can help streamline business processes
Enhancing Language Models' Reasoning Through Quiet-STaR: A Revolutionary Artificial Intelligence Approach to Self-Taught Rational Thinking
Truecaller adds a new AI feature to detect and block more spam calls
Tata Communications is Building an AI Marketplace For Indian Clientele
Multimodal Pathway: Improve Transformers with Irrelevant Data from Other Modalities
Has It All Been Solved? Open NLP Research Questions Not Solved by Large Language Models
Frequency effects in Linear Discriminative Learning
Nvidia unveils powerful new chips to support the AI sector
Investigating Large Language Models and Control Mechanisms to Improve Text Readability of Biomedical Abstracts
[D] NVIDIA GTC 2024 announcements
This AI Paper Introduces the Lightweight Mamba UNet (LightM-UNet) that Integrates Mamba and UNet in a Lightweight Framework for Medical Image Segmentation
DP-OPT: Make Large Language Model Your Privacy-Preserving Prompt Engineer
Q&A with Lila Tretikov, who just joined NEA as a partner and head of AI strategy; Tretikov was previously Microsoft's deputy CTO and Wikimedia Foundation CEO (Allie Garfinkle/Fortune)
Detecting Propaganda Techniques in Code-Switched Social Media Text
Synergizing Machine Learning & Symbolic Methods: A Survey on Hybrid Approaches to Natural Language Processing
TrustLLM: Trustworthiness in Large Language Models
CelebrateAlly AI
CLEX: Continuous Length Extrapolation for Large Language Models
Tech giant Nvidia unveils higher performing 'superchips' to power AI | Technology
Self-Improving for Zero-Shot Named Entity Recognition with Large Language
Novo Foundation, Nvidia Team Up to Build Danish AI Supercomputer
Axtria Expands to Hyderabad with its 9th Global Innovation and Capability Centre in India
Navigating the AI Revolution: Impact on Jobs and Society
DataRobot to accelerate enterprise-ready AI solutions with NVIDIA
Machine learning helps improve quality assurance for wind turbines
The Ghanaian founder challenging Google
Charted: The Jobs Most Impacted by AI
Something felt 'off'    how AI messed with our human research
Why Nvidia's New Blackwell Chip Is Key to the Next Stage of AI
In 5 Years, Coding will be Done in Natural Language
YouTube to soon require disclosure labels for AI videos
Kids' Cartoons Get a Free Pass From YouTube's Deepfake Disclosure Rules
Nvidia's Blackwell AI 'superchip' is the most powerful yet
Meet Greptile: An AI Startup that Lets LLMs Understand Large Codebases
Microsoft to bring free AI skills sessions to rural Ireland
Could a Labour 'nudification' manifesto bring more safety to AI?
Transforming Enterprise Capabilities with GenAI: Best Practices for Integrating GenAI at Scale
How NVIDIA's Project GR00T is Accelerating Humanoid Robots
What Happens When a Guy and His AI Girlfriend Go to Therapy
The AI Act is done. Here's what will (and won't) change
Researchers from IBM and MIT Introduce LAB: A Novel AI Method Designed to Overcome the Scalability Challenges in the Instruction-Tuning Phase of Large Language Model (LLM) Training
NVIDIA unveils Blackwell architecture to power next GenAI wave
Edge 379: A Summary Of Our Series About LLM Reasoning
The Morning After: NVIDIA says its Blackwell GPUs are the world's most powerful chips
Oracle Launches Java 22 and Confirms JavaOne 2025 Return
DEVIN: the only developer we all are afraid of
AI Venture Funding May Be Hot, But M&A Remains Slow
Stability AI Releases Stable Video 3D, Generating 3D Videos from Single Images
HPE debuts End-to-End AI-Native Portfolio for Generative AI
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang unveils next-gen 'Blackwell' chip family at GTC
5 Free Books to Master Statistics for Data Science
Nvidia unveils next-gen Blackwell GPUs with more horsepower and better power efficiency
Yotta Receives India's First Cluster of 4,000 NVIDIA H100 GPUs
Nvidia's Unveils Blackwell GPUs to Power Massive AI Models
What is Suno? The 'ChatGPT for music' generates songs in seconds
Apple Finally Unveils MM1, a Multimodal Model for Text and Image Data
Loft Orbital and SkyServe partner on AI-powered Earth observation application
#88: Meet Devin, the  First AI Software Engineer,  The Rise of Humanoid Robots, and OpenAI's Sora Interview
Want a CAREER in AI Engineering? Chat with Staff Engineer at CHAI
Getting ready for Dr Thomas Parr interview, watch it first on Patreon!
767: Open-Source LLM Libraries and Techniques   with Dr. Sebastian Raschka
Temp Tables in MySQL | Advanced MySQL Series
DHS Unveils Plans to Implement AI Across Operations
NVIDIA's Foundational Model For Humanoid Robots | Project GROOT | GTC 2024 | Jensen Huang #shorts
Building fairness into AI is crucial   and hard to get right
Pose estimation | Track users motion in real-time with ease on any device
[P] Annotated Mamba: The Hard Way
The Download: new AI regulations, and a running robot
Nvidia Wants to Replace Nurses With AI for $9 an Hour
Case Study: The Leader's Strategic Mindset for AI Success
Google and Apple's rumored partnership could upend the AI industry
You're invited to submit your AI tool to AIModels.fyi
NVIDIA Blackwell Platform Arrives to Power a New Era of Computing
NVIDIA Launches AI Superchip
AI researchers have started reviewing their peers using AI assistance
NVIDIA's 2024 GTC Announcements: GR00t, Blackwell AI, and More
Anthropic is the latest AI giant to open an office in Dublin
PagerDuty launched its enterprise plan for Incident Management
Real-Time is now Streaming Speech-to-Text, with added customization and control for users
Locus Robotics One of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies of 2024
Vesuvius Challenge Winners Use AI to Read Ancient Scroll
The Evolving Landscape of Voice Cloning Technology
Hippocratic AI raises $53 Mn Series A at a $500 Million valuation
Getting Started with LLMOps: The Secret Sauce Behind Seamless Interactions
Machine learning, quantum computing may transform health care, including diagnosing pneumonia
VictoriaMetrics Machine Learning takes monitoring to the next level
Elon Musk says AI could be smarter than all of humanity in 5 years. Meta's AI chief thinks otherwise.
Apple's MM1: A multimodal LLM model capable of interpreting both images and text data
I Made a Better Testing Plan for Google Gemini in Just 30 Minutes
Understanding V-Structures and the Role They Play in Causal Validation and Causal Infrence
Inside the AI Competition That Decoded an Ancient Scroll and Changed Papyrology Forever
Learning Curves: A Picture Says More Than a Thousand Words
The God Chatbots Changing Religious Inquiry
From Chaos to Clarity with AI-driven Categorization
Inside SIMA: Google DeepMind's New Agent that Can Follow Language Instructions to Interact with Any.
China: why the country's economy has hit a wall   and what it plans to do about it
Upwork: The 10 most in-demand tech skills for 2024
Revolutionizing Large-Scale Deep Learning with Microsoft DeepSpeed
Black Box episode three: repocalypse now   podcast
Nvidia is using AI to turn game characters into chatbots
Google Deepens AI Push Into Health Care With Fitbit, Screenings
SCIN: A new resource for representative dermatology images
Function Interfaces in Python
An interview with Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on how the company's early decisions led to its AI boom, why Nvidia's ubiquity will not be easy to replicate, and more (Harry McCracken/Fast Company)
How to watch the Microsoft Surface, Windows AI and Copilot event
The Four R's of Code Excellence for Data Projects (Part 1)
Paper worth reading
Confluent Adds Flink, Iceberg to Hosted Kafka Service
Maximizing AI Efficiency in Production with Caching: A Cost-Efficient Performance Booster
Fitbit Will Start Talking to You Thanks to Google's New AI
Nvidia GTC: Hyperscaler Happiness and Enterprise Indigestion
Google has a new head of Search   and she's all in on AI
Nvidia: what's so good about the tech firm's new AI superchip?
Nvidia CEO Details a New AI Way of Developing Software
NVIDIA Blackwell Platform Arrives to Power a New Era of Computing [N]
Boost Multi-Omics Analysis with GPU-Acceleration and Generative AI
Breaking Barriers in Healthcare with New Models for Generative AI and Cellular Imaging
This AI newsletter is all you need #91
Building a Math Application with LangChain Agents
Airbus ends talks with Atos on a deal worth up to &euro;1.8B for its big data and security unit, imperiling efforts by Atos to avoid going into debt restructuring (Financial Times)
BurstAttention: A Groundbreaking Machine Learning Framework that Transforms Efficiency in Large Language Models with Advanced Distributed Attention Mechanism for Extremely Long Sequences
Microsoft hires DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman to run consumer AI, reporting to Satya Nadella, and brings on most staff from his Inflection AI startup (Dina Bass/Bloomberg)
In an interview, Jensen Huang estimates Nvidia's GB200 Blackwell chip could cost $30,000 to $40,000, and R&D budget for the processor totaled around $10B (Alex Koller/CNBC)
Gitai's autonomous robot installs panel outside the ISS, showing orbital repairs in action
Building fairness into AI is crucial, and hard to get right
Google DeepMind debuts TacticAI, a prototype AI soccer tactician built alongside Premier League club Liverpool, using geometric deep learning on 7K corner kicks (Michael Peel/Financial Times)
TacticAI: an AI assistant for football tactics
Microsoft Hires DeepMind Co-Founder Suleyman to Run Consumer AI
DiskCache
The Department of Homeland Security Wants to Use AI to Train Immigration Officers
Nvidia unveils Blackwell B200, the  world's most powerful chip  designed for AI
Google DeepMind's New AI Model Can Help Soccer Teams Take the Perfect Corner
NVIDIA's Blackwell GPU Revolution: Unleashing the Next Wave of AI and High-Performance Computing
Best Practices for Managing Computer Vision Projects
NVIDIA partners with Ubisoft to further develop its AI-driven NPCs
Ubisoft let me actually speak with its new AI-powered video game NPCs
How can generative AI enhance fleet management?
Microsoft hires Inflection founders to run new consumer AI division
Intelligent monitoring: Towards AI-assisted monitoring for cloud services
Microsoft says Mustafa Suleyman and Kar&eacute;n Simonyan are joining to form Microsoft AI, focused on Copilot and other consumer AI products; Suleyman will be CEO (Satya Nadella/The Official Microsoft Blog)
Inflection AI says co-founder Kar&eacute;n Simonyan will join Mustafa Suleyman at Microsoft AI, names Sean White as CEO, and plans to host Inflection-2.5 on Azure (Inflection)
Google DeepMind's new AI assistant helps elite soccer coaches get even better
Building a Biomedical Entity Linker with LLMs
AI in Cybersecurity: Understanding the Digital Security Landscape
Denmark's new Nvidia AI supercomputer will come online this year
NVIDIA Speech and Translation AI Models Set Records for Speed and Accuracy
DeepMind and Liverpool FC develop AI to advise on football tactics
Researchers vs Practitioners
Fitbit is about to get some major AI upgrades, powered by Google's 'Personal Health' LLM
Optimizing Workplace with AI and Generative Bots
Spire Global Jumps on Nvidia Deal for AI-Driven Weather Forecast
Mustafa Suleyman Joins as the New CEO of Microsoft AI
What is RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation)?
How AI companies are reckoning with elections
Grieving Father Uses AI to Keep Dead Daughter 'Alive' in 'Digital World'
Deepmind founder Mustafa Suleyman joins Microsoft as CEO of consumer AI division
Picture of the Year Competition Hacked Amid Avalanche of Bizarre AI Images on Facebook
Apple and Google Are Discussing a Deal to Bring Generative A.I. to iPhones
Generative AI for Digital Humans and New AI-powered NVIDIA RTX Lighting
Homeland Security will test out using genAI to train US immigration officers
SEC Fines Advisors $400K for False Statements Regarding AI Use
Taking ITSM To The Next Level, Faster By Bringing AI Along For the Ride
Lilac Joins Databricks to Simplify Unstructured Data Evaluation for Generative AI
OpenAI Says Sora Video Generator May Allow Nudity
Google DeepMind co-founder joins Microsoft as CEO of its new AI division
Nvidia Expects to Win Outsized Chunk of Data Center Spending
AI-Enabled Digital Twins Boost Productivity, Sustainability
Nvidia GTC 2024: Jensen Huang Goes for AI Dominance
Transition to Software Engineer
[P] How I found 8 bugs in Google's Gemma 6T token model
Announcing the ODSC East 2024 Complete Schedule
Technology must tackle bias in medical devices | Letter
Get a specific apiVersion manifest from k8s
AnimateLCM: Accelerating the Animation of Personalized Diffusion Models
One more New Threat from LLMs you can worry about.
Q&A: What you need to know about audio deepfakes
DeepMind cofounder Mustafa Suleyman will run Microsoft's new consumer AI unit
Joscha Koepke, Head of Product at Connectly   Interview Series
Deepmind co-founder becomes new head of consumer AI products at Microsoft
Top Resources to Master RAG: From Basic Level to Advanced
Facebook Is Making Insane AI-Generated Fever Dreams Go Viral for Gullible Boomers
Deepfakes are still new, but 2024 could be the year they have an impact on elections
Nvidia CEO wants enterprise to think 'AI factory,' not data center
AI-driven cyberpunk game demo shows why machines aren't about to replace game designers
France Seeks National Solution to Protect Atos Strategic Assets
Fotor Review: The Ultimate AI Photo Editor for Creatives?
Nvidia and Qualcomm join Open Source Robotics Alliance to support ROS development
3 ways we tried to outwit AI last week: Legislation, preparation, intervention
Implementing Robust AI Governance for Data Democratization
Announcing FeatUp: a Method to Improve the Resolution of ANY Vision Model
The Future of Websites in the Age of AI and SEO Decline
Fixing Issues in AWS VPC with AI Help
Developer squeezes entire GPT-2 AI model into a single Excel spreadsheet
Microsoft hires DeepMind cofounder to lead its new consumer AI division
Sources: Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund discussed a potential partnership with a16z and others to create a fund of about $40B to invest in AI in H2 2024 (New York Times)
Why is Apple so focused on vision AI?
Microsoft just stepped up its AI game against Google &mdash; by hiring the cofounder of Google's DeepMind
Astera Labs IPO will reveal how much investors want in on AI
Can AI improve football teams' success from corner kicks? Liverpool and others are betting it can
Advertisers Horrified by Under Armour's AI-Generated Commercial
Architect's Guide to a Reference Architecture for an AI/ML Data Lake
Apple's MM1 AI Model Shows a Sleeping Giant Is Waking Up
YouTube will require disclosure of AI-manipulated videos from creators
DeepMind and Liverpool FC develop AI to advise on football tactics. Do you think in 5 years all sports teams are going to be strategizing based on what an AI says?
AI Hype Hurts Emerging Markets, BTG Billionaire Esteves Says
My boss disparages me for using AI
How to Do Things with Thoughts:
Inflection won't shut down Pi but will no longer focus on its consumer business, instead working with commercial customers to create, test, and tune AI systems (New York Times)
Nvidia: Why write code when you can string together a couple chat bots?
[D] Why do transformers use embeddings with the same dimensionality in each layer?
Meta is finally rolling out trending topics on Threads
Cybersecurity experts harness AI to safeguard mobile apps against emerging threats
Microsoft Hires DeepMind Co-Founder to Run Consumer A.I.
Saudi Arabia Plans $40 Billion Push Into Artificial Intelligence
Developer of AI Tech for Self-Driving Vehicles Valued at $6B
Instructing Large Language Models to Identify and Ignore Irrelevant Conditions
Quantum Architecture Search with Unsupervised Representation Learning
LAGAN: Deep Semi-Supervised Linguistic-Anthropology Classification with Conditional Generative Adversarial Neural Network
[P] Optimal Performance without Static Graphs by Fusing Tensor Operation Streams
DNABERT-2: Efficient Foundation Model and Benchmark For Multi-Species Genome
OpenAI is expected to release a 'materially better' GPT-5 for its chatbot mid-year, sources say
RankPrompt: Step-by-Step Comparisons Make Language Models Better Reasoners
AI Infrastructure Firm Astera Labs Prices IPO Above Target to Raise $713 Million
Nvidia's Jensen Huang says AI hallucinations are solvable, artificial general intelligence is 5 years away
Epistemology of Language Models: Do Language Models Have Holistic Knowledge?
Microsoft Introduces AutoDev: A Fully Automated Artificial Intelligence-Driven Software Development Framework
How to Make a RAG System to Gain Powerful Access to Your Data
Cut Facets and Cube Facets of Lifted Multicut Polytopes
Machine learning tools can predict emotion in voices in just over a second
A robot's brain that won't hallucinate: Stanhope AI raises 2.3m
UiPath Unveils New Family of LLMs
Self-Supervised Learning for Image Super-Resolution and Deblurring
Dune   A Hidden Network
Data Science & DevTools: GitHub Copilot
Agent-FLAN: Designing Data and Methods of Effective Agent Tuning for Large Language Models
Fitbit is working with Google Research to create an LLM based on Gemini to provide Fitbit mobile app users with personalized data and health recommendations (Kate Irwin/PCMag)
GraphERE: Jointly Multiple Event-Event Relation Extraction via Graph-Enhanced Event Embeddings
Multi-Dimensional Machine Translation Evaluation: Model Evaluation and Resource for Korean
HateModerate: Testing Hate Speech Detectors against Content Moderation Policies
Getting hands-on with local LLMs using OLLAMA
Factorized Learning Assisted with Large Language Model for Gloss-free Sign Language Translation
SuperAGI Proposes Veagle: Pioneering the Future of Multimodal Artificial Intelligence with Enhanced Vision-Language Integration
Inflection AI Plans Pivot After Most Employees Go to Microsoft
Do Physicians Know How to Prompt? The Need for Automatic Prompt Optimization Help in Clinical Note Generation
Radiology-GPT: A Large Language Model for Radiology
NovelQA: A Benchmark for Long-Range Novel Question Answering
LHMKE: A Large-scale Holistic Multi-subject Knowledge Evaluation Benchmark for Chinese Large Language Models
Simple Hack for Transformers against Heavy Long-Text Classification on a Time- and Memory-Limited GPU Service
Empowering Air Travelers: A Chatbot for Canadian Air Passenger Rights
AraPoemBERT: A Pretrained Language Model for Arabic Poetry Analysis
Dated Data: Tracing Knowledge Cutoffs in Large Language Models
Semantic Role Labeling Guided Out-of-distribution Detection
Contextual Refinement of Translations: Large Language Models for Sentence and Document-Level Post-Editing
Tim Cook Shows Up in Shanghai Ahead of New Apple Store Opening
Safety-Tuned LLaMAs: Lessons From Improving the Safety of Large Language Models that Follow Instructions
Sebastian, Basti, Wastl?! Recognizing Named Entities in Bavarian Dialectal Data
Improving Generalizability of Extracting Social Determinants of Health Using Large Language Models through Prompt-tuning
VOLTA: Improving Generative Diversity by Variational Mutual Information Maximizing Autoencoder
A Large Collection of Model-generated Contradictory Responses for Consistency-aware Dialogue Systems
Error Norm Truncation: Robust Training in the Presence of Data Noise for Text Generation Models
Presenting Terrorizer: an algorithm for consolidating company names in patent assignees
Microsoft's Satya Nadella tried to hire Sam Altman. He got Mustafa Suleyman instead.
AlphaFin: Benchmarking Financial Analysis with Retrieval-Augmented Stock-Chain Framework
Generative Multimodal Entity Linking
How AI can save one industry in the USA about 135 billion+ dollars per year.
Vertical Federated Image Segmentation
How many leather jackets does Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang own? An investigation into the billionaire's cool signature look.
Website where you can find AI tools for your use case
Inflection AI plans to license its technology to Microsoft; a source says investors in Inflection AI, which has raised more than $1.5B, will be made whole (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Automatic Information Extraction From Employment Tribunal Judgements Using Large Language Models
Phenomenal Yet Puzzling: Testing Inductive Reasoning Capabilities of Language Models with Hypothesis Refinement
CLASSLA-web: Comparable Web Corpora of South Slavic Languages Enriched with Linguistic and Genre Annotation
Prompt-based Graph Model for Joint Liberal Event Extraction and Event Schema Induction
Sources: OpenAI plans to release GPT-5 in mid-2024, likely during summer, and some enterprise customers have recently received demos of the latest model (Business Insider)
LeTI: Learning to Generate from Textual Interactions
Meet VisionGPT-3D: Merging Leading Vision Models for 3D Reconstruction from 2D Images
Resolution- and Stimulus-agnostic Super-Resolution of Ultra-High-Field Functional MRI: Application to Visual Studies
Anthropic and Google Cloud Partner to Bring Advanced Claude 3 AI Models to Vertex AI
MSLM-S2ST: A Multitask Speech Language Model for Textless Speech-to-Speech Translation with Speaker Style Preservation
Embodied LLM Agents Learn to Cooperate in Organized Teams
FTIC: Frequency-Aware Transformer for Learned Image Compression
$\\mathcal{B}$-Coder: Value-Based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Program Synthesis
Chart-based Reasoning: Transferring Capabilities from LLMs to VLMs
LifeTox: Unveiling Implicit Toxicity in Life Advice
Comparing Explanation Faithfulness between Multilingual and Monolingual Fine-tuned Language Models
Methods for Matching English Language Addresses
CrossTune: Black-Box Few-Shot Classification with Label Enhancement
Pipelined Biomedical Event Extraction Rivaling Joint Learning
Third-Party Language Model Performance Prediction from Instruction
Pragmatic Competence Evaluation of Large Language Models for Korean
BenLLMEval: A Comprehensive Evaluation into the Potentials and Pitfalls of Large Language Models on Bengali NLP
Infosys' Biggest GenAI Regret Ever
An Empirical Study of Speech Language Models for Prompt-Conditioned Speech Synthesis
Cross-Lingual Transfer for Natural Language Inference via Multilingual Prompt Translator
Contextual Moral Value Alignment Through Context-Based Aggregation
Automated Data Curation for Robust Language Model Fine-Tuning
Supporting Energy Policy Research with Large Language Models
Investigating Text Shortening Strategy in BERT: Truncation vs Summarization
pgvector vs. pgvecto.rs in 2024: A Comprehensive Comparison for Vector Search in PostgreSQL
Dr3: Ask Large Language Models Not to Give Off-Topic Answers in Open Domain Multi-Hop Question Answering
[R] TacticAI: an AI assistant for football tactics
[D] Is it common for recent  LLM engineers  to not have a background in NLP?
Geoffrey Hinton Says AI is Very Close to Being as Good as Human Brains
Samsung Jumps Most in Six Months After Nvidia CEO's Backing
Will StarCoder 2 Win Over Enterprises?
Sources: Canada and the UAE have lobbied leading European and UK AI startups, including Aleph Alpha, Synthesia, and Stability AI, to move their headquarters (Financial Times)
Lumino announced pre-seed round
Future of AI in Advertising: Trends and Opportunities for Software Developers
Artists who use AI are more productive but less original
Persona 1.0
You Can't Fool VCs with AI Anymore
8 Google Employees Invented Modern AI. Here's the Inside Story
Researchers at NTU Singapore Propose a Novel and Efficient Diffusion Model for Image Restoration IR that Significantly Reduces the Required Number of Diffusion Steps
My two favorite ChatGPT Plus features and the remarkable things I can do with them
Adwin
Fitbit is getting a generative AI boost from Google's Gemini
Clearlake Capital Group and Insight Partners acquire Alteryx
UK awards 1.73M to AI projects to advance net zero goals
Introduction to Neural Networks
World Wide Technology named AI Enterprise Partner of the Year
Beginning the AI/ML Journey with Ollama, Langchain4J & JBang
ThinkAny
France slams Google with  250m intellectual property fine
DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman to lead Microsoft AI
AI ethics are ignoring children, say researchers
The future of work looks like sci-fi
A data scientist got caught lying about their project work and past experience during interview today
Ordr launches new product   enterprise visibility, Gen AI capabilities
Microsoft hires DeepMind co-founder to lead new AI division
Cloudera Integrates NVIDIA Microservices to Boost Enterprise Gen AI Adoption
Samsung, Deloitte Units Back Medical AI Startup PocketHealth
Inflection's implosion and ChatGPT's stall reveal AI's consumer problem
Microsoft hires DeepMind co-founder to lead AI unit
Drata announced the release of Adaptive Automation
Chinese platforms are cracking down on influencers selling AI lessons
Thai Tycoons Heat Up Virtual Bank Bids as Applications Open
GitHub Copilot vs. ChatGPT: Which AI Tool is Better for Software Development?
Google Fined  250 Million in French Clash With News Publishers
Microsoft hires controversial DeepMind founder Mustafa Suleyman to lead new AI unit
Hidet: An Open-Source Python-based Deep Learning Compiler
HyperGAI exits stealth mode: releases multimodal LLM
Perplexity AI, a hyped Silicon Valley AI startup that claimed to take on Google, was found out copying Google results directly
[discussion] Why increase channel size in CNN layers?
US Considers Sanctioning China's Huawei
MIT Researchers Developed an Image Dataset that Allows Them to Simulate Peripheral Vision in Machine Learning Models
After its early OpenAI bet, Microsoft hiring Mustafa Suleyman and Inflection's staff continues a strategy of developing close ties with leading AI practitioners (Camilla Hodgson/Financial Times)
Smartaly, Ambiq develop energy-efficient AI-enabled medical-grade ECG
Back of the net? Google's DeepMind is coming for football tactics
Stable Diffusion maker leaves Stability AI
Alcor announces the new release of AccessFlow
Toronto-based PocketHealth, which helps 775 health care providers exchange images covering 1.5M patients to cut costs, raised a $33M Series B led by Round13 (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Google fined  250m in France for breaching intellectual property rules
OpenAI Sprinting to Keep Up With Startups on AI-Generated Video
Exploring the Future: Emerging Careers in AI and Robotics
Databricks acquires Lilac AI to boost data quality for LLM training
French competition watchdog fines Google  250M for AI copyright breaches
[D] Why the readability of academic papers are continuously bad?
Leonardo AI Can Now Generate Transparent PNG Images
GPU Shootouts of This Generation and Pricing Update: Nvidia RTX 4000, AMD Radeon 7000 & Intel Arc
DeepMind Co-Founder to Lead Microsoft's Consumer AI Efforts
Where is Ilya?
A wave of drugs dreamed up by AI is on its way
This AI Paper Proposes Uni-SMART: Revolutionizing Scientific Literature Analysis with Multimodal Data Integration
What You Know About Intelligence is Wrong (fixed)
How Lightning AI Makes LLMs Easy
20 March 2024
Interview with Raffaele Galliera: Deep reinforcement learning for communication networks
AI can help predict whether a patient will respond to specific tuberculosis treatments, paving way for personalized care
Sentry's AI-powered Autofix helps developers quickly debug and fix their production code
Mustafa Suleyman, Microsoft's New Best Friend
Building Ethical AI Starts with the Data Team   Here's Why
Sam Altman isn't buying Elon Musk's explanation for his OpenAI lawsuit
Cropin and AWS Partner To Develop AI-Solutions to Address Global Hunger
ServiceNow is developing AI through mix of building, buying and partnering
A review of OpenAI's GPT Store finds many GPTs that offer bizarre services, potentially infringe on copyright, impersonate people, jailbreak ChatGPT, and more (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
IBM Eyes First Record Since 2013 as AI Optimism Fuels 19% Rally
LLM's  commendable ,  innovative ,  meticulous ,  notable ,  versatile ,  intricate  impact
Large Language Models Just Got A Whole Lot Smaller
Google's AI can create a video game based on a napkin drawing
OpenAI's chatbot store is filling up with spam
AI-Driven YouTube Comment Management: The Good, Bad, and Ugly
How TimeGPT Transforms Predictive Analytics with AI
Microsoft poaches Inflection AI CEO
I Believe AI is Bad, Prove Me Wrong.
Build a (recipe) recommender chatbot using RAG and hybrid search (Part I)
DDN AI400X2 Turbo Appliance Accelerates Gen AI and Inference for Data Center and Cloud by 10x
What is RAG, and why should I care?
A Free Data Science Learning Roadmap: For All Levels with IBM
From Chaos to Order: A Journey to Productivity
An in-depth look at the 2017  Attention Is All You Need  paper, now fundamental to LLMs, and profiles of the eight Google researchers who co-authored the paper (Steven Levy/Wired)
Read the memo Satya Nadella sent to employees announcing Google DeepMind cofounder's move to Microsoft
More GeForce RTX 5090 rumors emerge following Nvidia's unveiling of its Blackwell AI GPUs
Meritsoft launches AI-enabled settlement offering
The Download: AI drugs, and how AI is improving soccer tactics
OpenAI is reportedly gearing GPT-5 for a 2024 summer release
Hindenburg Bets Against Data Center Owner Equinix in New Report
Accelerating the Future of Wireless Communication with the NVIDIA 6G Developer Program
ServiceNow's Washington, DC update empowers IT operations and virtual agents with Gen AI
Sources: EU Commission rules, set to be adopted as soon as next week, will fine X, TikTok, and other big platforms over lax election AI content moderation (Javier Espinoza/Financial Times)
Don't Be Scared, Devin AI + You = Super Developer
A 100% AI-driven web dev workflow, as good as Devin: MAGE x Aider
Depth Anything  A Foundation Model for Monocular Depth Estimation
AI vs. Human Insight in Financial Analysis
[Discussion] GNN applications
Biden to Award Intel $20B to Advance U.S. Chip Manufacturing
Astera Labs goes public, and the Inflection-Microsoft AI saga continues
Exclusive: AWS, Accenture and Anthropic partner to accelerate enterprise AI adoption
DBT Labs latest US start-up to choose Dublin as Europe hub
Seeing is Believing   Deepfakes and How They Warp Truth
NVIDIA's GTC 2024: A Leap Into GenAI
5 Best AI CRM Software for 2024
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/19/2024
Genetic Algorithm: A Quick Glance
Nvidia's GTC 2024 Announcements: Shaping the Future of AI with Integrated Platforms and Powerful Chips
YouTube Requires Users to Label AI-Generated Content
Scientists Caught Generating  Academic Papers  Using ChatGPT
Collection of Guides on Mastering SQL, Python, Data Cleaning, Data Wrangling, and Exploratory Data Analysis
Can AI improve soccer teams' success from corner kicks? Liverpool and others are betting it can
Skew protection in Vercel
Data Science to Implement a Circular Economy
Deep Dive into Vector Databases by Hand
[D] 0 Reviews submitted for ICML 2024 - someone else facing this?
HIMSS24: How to Set Nurses Up for AI Success
Who wrote this? Engineers discover novel method to identify AI-generated text
Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC is meant for budget flagships
Training artificial neural networks to process images from a child's perspective
New Open License Generator helps ensure AI is used responsibly
OpenAI sees  lots of room for future scale ops  for AI models
The Reality of AI's Limits: Computational Boundaries of Neural Networks
Introducing Stable Video 3D: Quality Novel View Synthesis and 3D Generation from Single Images   Stability AI
Knowledge Series #28: How does an integration with an LLM work?
Microsoft's Surface and Windows AI event is tomorrow. Here's what to expect
Python for AI : Cheatlist
Anatomy of a Polars Query: A Syntax Comparison of Polars vs SQL
How I Use GPT-4 Code Tutor To Accelerate My Streamlit Learning
Bias in AI: Understanding and mitigating algorithmic discrimination
Here's Proof You Can Train an AI Model Without Slurping Copyrighted Content
Using AI to expand global access to reliable flood forecasts
AI Software Vendors Move to Support Nvidia NIMs
Using Feedback to Improve Your Application: Self Learning GPTs
Build and Deploy Multiple Large Language Models in Kubernetes with LangChain
Building Nirmol: A Bangla Offensive Language Detection API and Dataset
Saudi Wealth Firm, Andreessen Eye Up to $40 Billion for AI Fund
Python & Flutter's latest: everything you need to stay updated
GitHub's latest AI tool can automatically fix code vulnerabilities
Here is a FREE Email Course on LangChain (Basics + Applications + Coding + Colab Notebook all included)
Nvidia, San Jose mayor embrace startups at tech titan's AI gathering
Record-Breaking NVIDIA cuOpt Algorithms Deliver Route Optimization Solutions 100x Faster
Friends don't let friends use an AI STI test
Research Focus: Week of March 18, 2024
Sources: Stability AI CEO Emad Mostaque told staff last week that Robin Rombach and other researchers, the key creators of Stable Diffusion, have resigned (Forbes)
How To Deploy Your FastAPI Application on Amazon EC2, and Activate SSL.
Unlock deeper marketing insights with Hightouch Campaign Intelligence and Databricks
Google just got hit with a hefty fine over how it trained its AI
Varun Mohan, Co-Founder & CEO of Codeium   Interview Series
Powering Mission-Critical AI at the Edge with NVIDIA AI Enterprise IGX
AI used extensively for security but not coding, JFrog survey finds
Tim Cook flexes his Shanghai trip on Chinese social media amid Apple's China crisis
Ubisoft Shows Off AI-Powered NPC That Can Talk Back
Astera Soars 46% After $713 Million IPO Snapped Up on AI Demand
Blazor Creator Unveils 'Smart Components' for Adding AI to .NET Apps
Developing Production-Ready AI Sensor Processing Applications with NVIDIA Holoscan 1.0
Astera Labs' IPO pops 54%, showing that investor demand for tech with an AI-twist is high
Lego Uses AI-Generated Artwork, Apologizes for Unlicensed Use
The Filmmaker Who Says AI Is Reparations
GOAT (Good at Arithmetic Tasks): From Language Proficiency to Math Genius
Google DeepMind Reveals TacticAI - an AI tool for analyzing soccer tactics
YouPro lets me access every popular premium AI chatbot for $20/month - but there's a catch
[Project] Sparse Mixture of Experts Language Model from Scratch in less than 300 lines of Python + pytorch
This startup is building AI that can fly drones and make its own decisions
More Speakers and Sessions Announced for the 2024 Data Engineering Summit
[D] How much will Nvidia's newest Blackwell GPU's cut down training and inference time/price?
Building Your First AI-Powered Backend in Kotlin: Step-by-Step
Universal controller could push robotic prostheses, exoskeletons into real-world use
GSA CEO Jodi Shelton Talks Geopolitics, AI and Talent
'Materially better' GPT-5 could come to ChatGPT as early as this summer
GitHub previews AI-powered code scanning autofix
Privacy in the AI era: How do we protect our personal information?
Mustafa Suleyman: the new head of Microsoft AI with concerns about his trade
GPT-5, reportedly coming this summer, is  materially better  than GPT-4
10 Best AI Image Extenders (March 2024)
This AI-powered ring wraps ChatGPT around your finger. You can pre-order it now
Revolutionizing Travel Planning: Unveiling the Top 7 AI Trip Planners for 202
Google used AI to accurately predict floods up to 7 days in advance
Google reshapes Fitbit in its image as users allege  planned obsolescence
Microsoft Paper Intros Fully Autonomous AI Framework, Turning Devs into Supervisors
Jelly Bean CSS Art
New survey on deep learning solutions for cellular traffic prediction
Micron Soars After AI Growth Helps Bolster Revenue Forecast
OpenAI's next-gen foundation model GPT-5 is coming soon
Alien: Romulus teaser has all the right elements to pique our interest
An Easy Introduction to Multimodal Retrieval Augmented Generation
[D] Deanonymized paper accepted at ICLR 2024
Evaluations: Trust, performance, and price (bonus, announcing RewardBench)
Stable Video 3D transforms a single image into near-perfect 3D views
Stability AI Is Falling Apart
Releasing Common Corpus: the largest public domain dataset for training LLMs
Micron reports Q2 revenue up 58% YoY to $5.82B, vs. $5.53B est., and forecasts Q3 revenue above estimates, buoyed by demand for AI hardware; MU jumps 11%+ (Ian King/Bloomberg)
These sustainability-tech companies use AI to improve ocean health by keeping plastics out, boosting coral reefs, and monitoring fish farms
From Science Fiction to Reality: NVIDIA's Project GR00T Redefines Human-Robot Interaction
You'll have to pay at least $30,000 to get your hands on Nvidia's new chip, CEO says
Coding Is Useful But Won't Pay the Bills of Junior Developers Anymore
Can we build a generally intelligent agent?
Live From GTC: A Conversation With Greg Estes
What is PyTorch Lightning?
15 Indian Languages, 1 Open Source LLM!!!
AutoDev: Opensource Devin - Personal AI Coding Engineer!
Live CEOing Ep 776: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [ BC  date strings and More]
History of Science and Technology Q&A (March 20, 2024)
What skills are big tech looking for?@TinaHuang1 tells us
French Regulators Slap Google with  250 Million Fine
Community Needs and Assets: A Computational Analysis of Community Conversations
AutoMix: Automatically Mixing Language Models
Musk's Neuralink Shows Quadriplegic Patient Able to Play Online Chess With His Mind
Modeling Extremely Large Images with xT
LLatrieval: LLM-Verified Retrieval for Verifiable Generation
eRST: A Signaled Graph Theory of Discourse Relations and Organization
Incentivizing News Consumption on Social Media Platforms Using Large Language Models and Realistic Bot Accounts
Unimodal Aggregation for CTC-based Speech Recognition
C Analyzer : A Static Program Analysis Tool for C Programs
Different Tokenization Schemes Lead to Comparable Performance in Spanish Number Agreement
Tech Fund Beating 99% of Peers Says AI Rally Is Just Starting
Reading Users' Minds from What They Say: An Investigation into LLM-based Empathic Mental Inference
Chain-of-Interaction: Enhancing Large Language Models for Psychiatric Behavior Understanding by Dyadic Contexts
Neuralink reveals first human trial patient, a 29-year-old quadriplegic who says brain chip is 'not perfect' but has changed his life
[D] : rec system
EmotionIC: emotional inertia and contagion-driven dependency modeling for emotion recognition in conversation
CharPoet: A Chinese Classical Poetry Generation System Based on Token-free LLM
Information-Theoretic Distillation for Reference-less Summarization
Piecing Together Clues: A Benchmark for Evaluating the Detective Skills of Large Language Models
Neuralink shows patient playing online chess with his mind
GeoScaler: Geometry and Rendering-Aware Downsampling of 3D Mesh Textures
Why France this week fined Google  250M over web news
Towards Architecture-Agnostic Untrained Network Priors for Image Reconstruction with Frequency Regularization
Reverse Training to Nurse the Reversal Curse
This AI Paper from The University of Sydney Proposes EfficientVMamba: Bridging Accuracy and Efficiency in Lightweight Visual State Space Models
Google Introduces API Support for Gemini 1.5 Pro
From Davin to Microsoft Autodev: What it means for Software Developers?
Announcing TransformersPHP: Bring Machine Learning Magic to Your PHP Projects
Enhancing Phrase Representation by Information Bottleneck Guided Text Diffusion Process for Keyphrase Extraction
Genetic Auto-prompt Learning for Pre-trained Code Intelligence Language Models
Do Not Worry if You Do Not Have Data: Building Pretrained Language Models Using Translationese
Natural Language as Polices: Reasoning for Coordinate-Level Embodied Control with LLMs
[D] TimeGPT for high frequency data
[R] Evolving New Foundation Models: Unleashing the Power of Automating Model Development
LingoQA: Video Question Answering for Autonomous Driving
Court docs: Sachin Dev Duggal, the CEO of London-based Builder.ai that raised a $250M Series D in 2023, is a suspect in a money laundering probe in India (Financial Times)
FouriScale: A Novel AI Approach that Enhances the Generation of High Resolution Images from Pre-Trained Diffusion Models
Advancing Beyond Identification: Multi-bit Watermark for Large Language Models
How Gender Interacts with Political Values: A Case Study on Czech BERT Models
Podwise AI
Exploring semantic information in disease: Simple Data Augmentation Techniques for Chinese Disease Normalization
Google Introduce API Support for Gemini 1.5 Pro
OpenAI says it hasn't yet set a timeline for the release of Sora, as the company tries to catch up to other text-to-video AI startups like Runway AI (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
Polaris: A Safety-focused LLM Constellation Architecture for Healthcare
RoleInteract: Evaluating the Social Interaction of Role-Playing Agents
PaD: Program-aided Distillation Can Teach Small Models Reasoning Better than Chain-of-thought Fine-tuning
Grounding Spatial Relations in Text-Only Language Models
Bidirectional End-to-End Learning of Retriever-Reader Paradigm for Entity Linking
In a research paper, Google Research details how AI enabled the company to provide accurate flood forecasting in over 80 countries up to seven days in advance (Yossi Matias/The Keyword)
Improving your Python code, an initial series of best practices.
EY accelerates client AI Business Model adoption with NVIDIA AI
Machine learning approach to detect dynamical states from recurrence measures
HAE-RAE Bench: Evaluation of Korean Knowledge in Language Models
Why Tech CEOs are Kissing Jensen Huang's Ring
BDC announced a strategic partnership with RDA
Episode six   Shut it down?
Researchers from Stanford and Google AI Introduce MELON: An AI Technique that can Determine Object-Centric Camera Poses Entirely from Scratch while Reconstructing the Object in 3D
AutoTRIZ: Artificial Ideation with TRIZ and Large Language Models
Correct Like Humans: Progressive Learning Framework for Chinese Text Error Correction
BayesPrompt: Prompting Large-Scale Pre-Trained Language Models on Few-shot Inference via Debiased Domain Abstraction
ChEDDAR: Student-ChatGPT Dialogue in EFL Writing Education
Fairly Trained certifies KL3M, an LLM claimed to be built without the permissionless use of copyrighted materials by legal tech consultancy startup 273 Ventures (Kate Knibbs/Wired)
Over-Reasoning and Redundant Calculation of Large Language Models
An Exploratory Study on Automatic Identification of Assumptions in the Development of Deep Learning Frameworks
Google Health Researchers Propose HEAL: A Methodology to Quantitatively Assess whether Machine Learning-based Health Technologies Perform Equitably
Do Language Models Know When They're Hallucinating References?
Agent Group Chat: An Interactive Group Chat Simulacra For Better Eliciting Collective Emergent Behavior
Can Whisper perform speech-based in-context learning?
The ParlaSent Multilingual Training Dataset for Sentiment Identification in Parliamentary Proceedings
PsyChat: A Client-Centric Dialogue System for Mental Health Support
Calibrated Language Models Must Hallucinate
Llama meets EU: Investigating the European Political Spectrum through the Lens of LLMs
EthioLLM: Multilingual Large Language Models for Ethiopian Languages with Task Evaluation
SDA: Simple Discrete Augmentation for Contrastive Sentence Representation Learning
Teacher-Student Training for Debiasing: General Permutation Debiasing for Large Language Models
Testing and Modeling Turbines, Gears and Drivelines with the Rotating Machinery Library
Nvidia Launches Suite of Generative AI Health Care Services
Perplexity's Founder Was Inspired by Sundar Pichai. Now They're Competing to Reinvent Search
Article: Relational Data at the Edge: How Cloudflare Operates Distributed PostgreSQL Clusters
UN General Assembly to address AI's potential risks, rewards
Salman Rushdie: AI only poses threat to unoriginal writers
Meet OneGrep: A DevOps Copilot Startup that Helps Your Team Reduce Observability Costs
Linear Regression
Magnificent Seven? It's More Like the Blazing Two and Tepid Five
Harnessing the Power of Real-Time AI Conversations in Web Development
One Tech Tip: How to spot AI-generated deepfake images
How long you got? Danish AI algorithm aims to predict life, and death
Google Partners with Apollo Radiology to Detect Diseases Early in India
1 Developer Who Knows AI is Better Than 5 Who Don't
Qualcomm announces the Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3, a 4nm chip aimed at high-end smartphones that adds on-device generative AI and Wi-Fi 7; OnePlus is the first partner (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Using machine learning to discover stiff and tough microstructures
Nvidia's Stanley cup could be the year's hottest collab
A 'Fairly Trained' AI model claims to have no copyright issues
Nvidia's Rise Surprises Even the Researchers Who Started AI Boom
Kinetica delivers real-time vector similarity search
[D] Training code and more released for  The Era of 1 Bit LLMs
NetApp Unlocks Exabytes of Enterprise Data for GenAI with NVIDIA
Eye On AI: Startups Should Heed 'AI-Washing' Warnings
OncoHost wins 2024 Artificial Intelligence Excellence Award
Rackspace Technology migrates IFCO to Microsoft Azure
How Apple's Discussions with Google and OpenAI Could Impact Generative AI
Litelytics
World Wide Lighting reduces drop-off 48% using online visitor behavior
Annie Leibovitz Says She's Not Worried About AI
Neuralink video shows quadriplegic patient who can play chess and video games with his mind
APAC generates 64% of global mobile gaming revenue in 2023: GlobalData
A model that could broaden the manipulation skills of four-legged robots
Alation appoints Yvonne Wassenaar to its Board of Directors
[D] Are current machine learning approaches wrong?
This AI Paper from IBM and Princeton Presents Larimar: A Novel and Brain-Inspired Machine Learning Architecture for Enhancing LLMs with a Distributed Episodic Memory
Multimodal, Multilingual, and More: The Anticipated Leap from GPT-4 to GPT-5
How Insurers Can Unlock Their Data Vaults with AI
After India, Microsoft Takes AI to the Schools of Sri Lanka
Edge 380: Inside SELF-Discover: Google DeepMind's LLM Reasoning Method for Solving Complex Tasks
Heard on the Street   3/21/2024
'Empathetic' AI has more to do with psychopathy than emotional intelligence - but that doesn't mean we can treat machines cruelly
Deep Learning in Action: Recognizing Patterns
Neuralink video shows patient using brain implant to play chess on laptop
Mustafa Suleyman is Now Microsoft's Problem
Apple CEO Opens New Shanghai Store in Show of China Commitment
Redis Adopts Dual Source-Available Licensing
Top Free Data Science Online Courses for 2024
'AI is Moving Away From Systems That Answer Questions to Those Which Ask Questions' Says Google DeepMind Researcher
ServiceNow Introduces New Generative AI Features for Customers
Alibaba's EMO AI creates realistic talking heads from just one image and an audio track
Sources: the BBC plans to build its own AI models, and is holding talks with tech companies, including Amazon, about selling its content for AI training (Daniel Thomas/Financial Times)
France Fines Google $272M for Training AI on News Articles
Jensen Huang on generative AI: being a successful person doesn't depend on programming skills
AI tool that creates digital twins of patients can predict future diseases
Tokyo-based Sakana AI, founded by two Google researchers, releases three Japanese language models using  model merging , which combines existing models (Anna Tong/Reuters)
Neuralink Livestreams Paralyzed Patient Playing Video Games With His Mind
How to Build a Q&A LLM Application with LangChain and Gemini
Borderless AI, whose AI agent automates HR tasks like onboarding and payments, emerges from stealth with a $27M seed led by Susquehanna and Agla&eacute; Ventures (Jena McGregor/Forbes)
66degrees unveils Cloud Evolve
AI tool finds cancer signs missed by doctors
Tencent to Boost Mideast Cloud Investments Amid Regional AI Push
Abstracts: March 21, 2024
Meet Cherry, an AI shopping assistant that helps you discover products using screenshots or images
Al Ethical Checklist for Small Group and Individual Use Advisement Developed March 21, 2024
Data Science Career Challenges-and How to Overcome Them
'I Hope You Realise This is NOT a Concert'
Frontline raises $200m in funds for B2B software start-ups
Has Neuralink made a breakthrough in brain implant technology?
[P] Fine-tuning GPT-4 to produce user friendly data explorations
[R] Natural language instructions induce compositional generalization in networks of neurons
How G-Research Used TuringBots To Transform Software Development
Apple's second-gen AirPods Pro drop to a new low of $180 during the Amazon Spring Sale
Rethinking How to Train Diffusion Models
AI generates high-quality images 30 times faster in a single step
How Securonix is Building Cybersecurity for LLMs
LitGPT: The LLM Library for Minimalists
Unlocking the Potential of Private Data Collaboration
The Hottest AI Concert of the Year - NVIDIA GTC | Reaction Video | Episode 18
Neuralink's First User Controls Computer by Just thinking | Elon Musk | Brain chip | Neuroscience
AI, security, and sustainability are major IT modernization drivers
Scikit-learn Visualization Guide: Making Models Speak
Four elephants in a room with chatbots
Using pgvector To Locate Similarities In Enterprise Data
Syntax: the language form
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #17
Using GPT-4 fine-tuning to generate data explorations
How to Fine-Tune a Pretrained Vision Transformer on Satellite Data
Introducing MetaGPT's Data Interpreter: SOTA Open Source LLM-based Data Solutions
Is AI a job killer? In California it's complicated
How to watch Microsoft's Surface and Windows AI event today (and what to expect)
Who are chatbots  (and what are they to you)?
Sloan's Inbox: Is security still an afterthought?
Quiet-STaR algorithm allows chatbot to think over its possible answer before responding
Enchance your Apps with Customizable Streaming Speech-to-Text
Healthcare Data Management with Dagshub: A Game-Changer for Forcura
Exploring the Efficient Frontier of LLMs
BenevolentAI appoints New Chief Technology Officer
AI Takes On India's Most Congested City
The history of artificial intelligence: From ancient myths to modern machines, from Turing to tomorrow
delicious chocolate chip cookie
Leverage Your Data For Stellar Commerce Search Experiences
How Chain-of-Thought Reasoning Helps Neural Networks Compute
Briefing: GPT flops, Facebook pokes and a letter from Stripe
Java 22: Making Java More Attractive for AI Apps/Workloads
[D] Is there an accurate AI tool for research?
Microsoft introduces AI-powered UI controls for .NET
Boosting RAG Systems with Knowledge Graphs: Early Insights
RAG Evaluation Using Ragas
POET to Demo AI Hardware Products for 800G and Beyond at OFC 2024
Microsoft unveils the Surface Laptop 6 and Surface Pro 10 for enterprises, adding a Copilot key, a Neural Processing Unit for Windows 11's AI features, and more (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Using Generative AI To Curate Date Recommendations
Understanding the Sparse Mixture of Experts (SMoE) Layer in Mixtral
What to Know About NVIDIA's New Blackwell AI Superchip and Architecture
Danish man found guilty of fraudulently profiting from music streaming royalties
Vernor Vinge, father of the tech singularity, has died at age 79
AI Evolution: Challenges Persist Despite Growing Optimism
TechCrunch Minute: All about Microsoft's mega AI push after it hired Inflection AI's co-founders
Quantum announces the Scalar i7 RAPTOR for Data Lakes
US Rallies Support at UN to Align 'Safe' AI Systems Globally
The Noonification: The Internet Is Dead. Long Live The Internet. (3/21/2024)
An Intro to Building Knowledge Graphs, Deploying LLMs in Kubernetes with LangChain, and Why Small.
Synopsys Adds AI-Driven Tools, Acquires PUF Security Firm
3 ways to accelerate generative AI implementation and optimization
AI's excessive water consumption threatens to drown out its environmental contributions
Reddit COO Says Platform 'Incredibly Important' for Training AI
10 Open-Source LLMs That Will Rock Your Dev World in 2024
Speed Up Your AI Development: NVIDIA AI Workbench Goes GA
Podcast: No-Code & Low-Code AI with Gwendolyn Stripling
The NSA Warns That US Adversaries Free to Mine Private Data May Have an AI Edge
Microsoft's Surface Pro 10 and Surface Laptop 6 are here, but you won't find them in stores
Microsoft says 11 is the magic number for building AI habits - here's why
Nvidia Is Simulating a Copy of the Earth
Microsoft really wants to talk about Copilot
'Empathetic' AI has more to do with psychopathy than emotional intelligence but we should treat machines ethically
Copilot gets its own key on Microsoft's new Surface devices
Five biggest announcements at Microsoft's March Surface and AI event
Microsoft's first AI PCs are the Surface Pro 10 and Surface Laptop 6 for businesses
[D] ICML reviews are released. Let's discuss!
The second-gen AirPods Pro with USB-C are down to $180, a new all-time low
Nvidia, Teradyne Robotics Launch AI-Powered Industrial Robots
The Ecovacs Deebot X2 Omni robot vacuum and mop is $500 off with this Amazon deal
U.S. Justice Department Targets AI Startup Fraud Ahead of IPOs
The Rise of Mixture-of-Experts for Efficient Large Language Models
Mamba: SSM, Theory, and Implementation in Keras and TensorFlow
The Advancement of AI and Mixed Reality Technologies for Continued Training and Development in the Healthcare Industry
Data Observability in 2024: A Guide
This no-fee video doorbell can guard your packages and is on sale for $140
Largest Open Dataset for Training LLMs
Shadi Rostami, SVP of Engineering at Amplitude   Interview Series
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/20/2024
Why should I learn OOP?
This adorable motion-tracking camera is down to $100 during Amazon's Big Spring Sale
Foundry Emerges From Stealth With $80M For Purpose-Built AI Cloud
Many publicly accessible AI assistants lack adequate safeguards to prevent mass health disinformation, warn experts
Roundtables: How China Got Ahead on EVs
Nvidia Unveils Latest AI Chip, the Blackwell
My favorite robot vacuum and mop combo is only $600 for Amazon's Big Spring Sale
Saudi Arabia Announces New $40B AI Fund
MIT Researchers Advance AI's Peripheral Vision
How Will Your Company Prepare for Generative AI?
Avoid Speechify AI: Bad Business Practices
A new web3 network is being built right now that wants to end Big Tech's control of your data
[Discussion] ML Workshop/Conference Recommendation: Not AAI, IJCAI, NeuRips, or ICML
Microsoft's $650 million Inflection deal could be a ploy to poach AI talent while avoiding FTC trouble
Using drone swarms to fight forest fires
Relying on AI to Identify Mushrooms Can Produce Deadly Results
DuckDB as the New jq
These Gun-Shooting Robot Vehicles Are the Future of Urban War
Sakana AI's evolutionary algorithm creates capable AI models by merging existing ones
Why is AI so bad at spelling?
LATTE3D generates 3D models almost in real time
Treatments tailored to you: how AI will change NZ healthcare, and what we have to get right first
Microsoft integrates its Copilot chatbot across entire product line
Nvidia provides MediaTek with its  next-generation  AI chip for novel automotive SoCs
Foundry, a cloud computing service provider focused on AI workloads, comes out of stealth after raising $80M across a seed and a Series A at a $350M valuation (Allie Garfinkle/Fortune)
How much time do Ai/Ml engineer spend doing Coding?
Dynamically Populating Parameters in Manual GitHub Action
Ukraine conflict: First AI-powered drone defeats Russia's electronic defenses
Inflection AI Upheaval a Wake-Up Call for Crowded Chatbot Market
Basic Operators in Python Programming
Agent-FLAN: Revolutionizing AI with Enhanced Large Language Model Agents + Improved Performance, Efficiency, and Reliability
First person with a Neuralink brain implant reveals how he uses it
RAGTune: An Automated Tuning and Optimization Tool for the RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) Pipeline
AI Security   What Are Sources and Sinks?
Quoting Ryan Broderick
Microsoft to Pay Inflection AI $650 Million After Scooping Up Most of Staff
Can I solve Advanced Problem- with GPT as a Software Engineer?
Microsoft's New AI-Powered Copilot Plugins Revolutionize Productivity Across Office
Faster Interconnects and Switches to Help Relieve Data Bottlenecks
Best way to bust deepfakes? Use AI to find real signs of life, say scientists
Micron's Earnings and Reddit's IPO | Bloomberg Technology
The UN unanimously adopts the first global resolution on AI to encourage protecting personal data, monitoring AI for risks, and safeguarding human rights (Alexandra Alper/Reuters)
Kinetica Delivers Real-Time Vector Similarity Search
World's first global AI resolution unanimously adopted by United Nations
ICML rebbutal 2024 [R]
Streamlining the Hiring Process with OpenAI and LangChain Part 1
Most Read This Week: Apple's First Multimodal AI Model
Cogeneration of innovative audio-visual content: A new challenge for computing art
How to Introduce Real-Time Data Predictions with Redpanda
Used data science to predict my bracket, figured why not see if my spreads are close to Vegas.....
Moral Judgments in Narratives on Reddit: Investigating Moral Sparks via Social Commonsense and Linguistic Signals
Deep Learning for Inertial Positioning: A Survey
Top computer scientists say the future of artificial intelligence is similar to that of Star Trek
Here's how Microsoft is providing a 'good outcome' for Inflection AI VCs, as Reid Hoffman promised
Nvidia CEO: Soon There'll Be Games Where AI Generates  Every Pixel
Step by Step Basics: Code Autodocumentation
Deloitte Opens Up New Offices in Bengaluru, Noida, Pune
Top 6 AI/ML Hackathons to Participate in 2024
Lightweight machine learning method enhances scalable structural inference and dynamic prediction accuracy
Taipy or How to Remove Major Hurdles with Your AI/Data Projects
Sources: Apple held preliminary talks with Baidu to use the latter's artificial intelligence technology in Apple devices in China (Raffaele Huang/Wall Street Journal)
The Future of AI: Hybrid Edge Deployments Are Indispensable
The Future of Data Engineering Goes Through Data Contracts
The RAFT Way: Teaching Language AI to Become Domain Experts
Silicon Valley is going wild over Satya Nadella's 'baller' comments putting OpenAI in its place
[D] Any resources or repos of  complete  LLMOps?
RTFS-Net: Recurrent Time-Frequency Modelling for Efficient Audio-Visual Speech Separation
Japan's luxury fruit market is coming to the US, and you'll be able to order $780 strawberries straight to your door
Meet Devika, an Open-Source Alternative to Devin
[R] How To Train a Neural Network with Less GPU Memory: Reversible Residual Networks Review
Forced labor in the clothing industry is rampant and hidden. This AI-powered search platform can expose it
Top 8 AI Search Engine That You Should Replace With Google
How will generative artificial intelligence affect political advertising in 2024?
Supersimple fine-tunes GPT-4 and sees diminishing returns in performance leaps
Here is a really nice article contributed by Taipy team on our platform [Taipy or How to Remove Major Hurdles with Your AI/Data Projects]
7 Regrets From My First Year As A Data Scientist
VLOGGER: Multimodal Diffusion for Embodied Avatar Synthesis
[Week of 3/18] LangChain Release Notes
Automated Detection of Data Quality Issues
OpenAI Courts Hollywood in Meetings With Film Studios, Directors
Exploring Brazil's National Accounts through a Dashboard
UN unanimously adopts ambitious AI resolution, sans teeth
AI GPTs for PostgreSQL Database: Can They Work?
How to Ensure AI Models Reflect the Richness of Human Diversity
Is AI making your code worse?
How to quantify customer problems for prioritization using churn survey
Entity Type Prediction with Relational Graph Convolutional Network (PyTorch)
Reddit's Move to License Data for AI Finds Favor With Investors
Point Cloud Classification with PointNet and PyTorch3D
UN passes first global AI resolution
UN Adopts First Global Artificial Intelligence Rules
How to perform anomaly detection with the LOF Algorithm
How to Download Adobe Firefly Generative Fill Images Without Watermark
Charles Fisher, Ph.D., CEO & Founder of Unlearn   Interview Series
FiftyOne Computer Vision Tips and Tricks - March 22, 2024
The Essential Role of Clean Data in Unleashing the Power of AI
From Dell to Oracle, Legacy Tech Stocks Soar by Tapping Into AI Buzz
Open-Sora vs. OpenAI's Sora: A Comparison
Knowledge Graph QA using Gemini and NebulaGraph Lite
Sora   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
End-to-End Machine Learning Project Development: Spam Classifier
CentralReach creates CR Preferred Partner Network with Simple Fractal
From Davin to Microsoft Autodev: Elevating AI Coding Assistants to Super-Powered Code Editors
The Efficient Frontier of LLMs: Better, Faster, Cheaper
AI Learns from AI: The Emergence of Social Learning Among Large Language Models
Zero-Shot and Few-Shot Learning with LLMs
Apple is now worth $540 billion less than Microsoft &mdash; a Tesla-sized gap
Where Are All the Early AI Unicorns Now?
Working Backwards: Learning to Place by Picking
IBM stock nears an all-time high and it may have something to do with its CEO replacing as many workers with AI as possible | Fortune
Name this Video Game
MediaTek introduced Dimensity Auto Cockpit, its automotive-focused SoCs, this week, becoming the first third-party company to use Nvidia's GPU IP in its chips (Anton Shilov/AnandTech)
Unsupervised Video Domain Adaptation with Masked Pre-Training and Collaborative Self-Training
Creating a Good Customer Experience Through Brand Consistency and Hyper-Personalization
[D] What are people using for orchestration of frequent model re-training and deployment?
Gammatonegram Representation for End-to-End Dysarthric Speech Processing Tasks: Speech Recognition, Speaker Identification, and Intelligibility Assessment
Stream Systems announces strategic executive hire
Closing the Gap: Achieving Better Accuracy-Robustness Tradeoffs against Query-Based Attacks
Acclaimed Movie Secretly Contained AI Generated Imagery
The Rise of AI Programmers or the End of Human Programmers?
ChatGPT4PCG Competition: Character-like Level Generation for Science Birds
Stability AI, Makers of Stable Diffusion, Could Be in Huge Trouble
M3FAS: An Accurate and Robust MultiModal Mobile Face Anti-Spoofing System
Machine 'unlearning' helps generative AI forget copyright-protected and violent content
Sources: OpenAI is meeting with Hollywood studios, media executives, and others to form partnerships to encourage filmmakers to integrate Sora into their work (Bloomberg)
Building an Enterprise Data Lake with Snowflake Data Cloud SDLS Framework on Azure.
Meet Ubicloud: An Open Source Alternative to AWS
Process Pandas DataFrames with a Large Language Model
Knowing What LLMs DO NOT Know: A Simple Yet Effective Self-Detection Method
Image generation with diffusion models using Keras and TensorFlow
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman more or less confirms work on AI search engine
Why RAG Applications Fail in Production
Air Taxi Startup Joby Sees Service Starting in Dubai Before US
WP Engine Introduces AI-Powered Search for WordPress Sites
Deploy A Production-Ready Streamlit App with Cloud Run and Cloud Build
Tennessee passes the Ensuring Likeness Voice and Image Security (ELVIS) Act, aiming to protect musicians and other artists from unauthorized use involving AI (Kanishka Singh/Reuters)
Foundry raises $80Mn seed & Series A to build new breed of public cloud
Musk's Grok AI goes open source
The Easy Way to Learn LLMs
Building Production Search Systems - Daniel Svonava
Devika: Opensource AI Software Engineer! Builds & Deploy Apps End-to-End!
Anguilla's  .ai  Domain Registration Revenue Soars
Master CrewAI: Your Ultimate Beginner's Guide!
Explainer: What Is Computer Vision?
Now Anyone Can Add Beautiful Interactive Images in ChatGPT    (in 30 Seconds)
Alice & Bob to Integrate Cat Qubits in Datacenters of the Future, Accelerated by NVIDIA Technology
Google is testing AI overviews in the main Google Search results with some users, even if they do not opt in to the Search Generative Experience labs feature (Barry Schwartz/Search Engine Land)
Why Google failed and couldn't Adept - with David Luan of Adept
As regulators constantly and unreasonably block acquisitions, Microsoft is pioneering the non-acquisition acquisition with its OpenAI and Inflection deals (Newcomer)
Startups Weekly: What goes up must come down
Pitch Deck Teardown: Protecto's $4M seed deck
Founder of OpenAI-Powered Figure Robots Says Everyone Will Own a Robot
When deploying GenAI at scale, people must come first. Here's how
Stability AI loses key researchers and adds new API services
United Nations adopts the first global resolution on AI development
Claude and ChatGPT for ad-hoc sidequests
Threads has entered the fediverse
Zilliz Unveils Game-Changing Features for Vector Search
Experts Slam Tennessee's New Law Banning AI Impersonations
Soon, Everyone Will Own a Robot, Like a Car or Phone Today
5 ways CIOs can manage the business demand for generative AI
Sources: Anthropic has ruled out taking any Saudi money over national security concerns, as investors jostle to buy into FTX's 8% stake that is now worth ~$1B (Kate Rooney/CNBC)
OpenAI GPT Store has a problem with political chatbots and spam
Apple researchers explore dropping  Siri  phrase & listening with AI instead
Redis Acquires Speedb, Expanding Its Data Platform Capabilities Beyond DRAM
Google AI Proposes PERL: A Parameter Efficient Reinforcement Learning Technique that can Train a Reward Model and RL Tune a Language Model Policy with LoRA
Anyone Can Add Beautiful Interactive Images in ChatGPT 4 (in 30 Seconds): Here's How
OpenAI Goes Hunting for More Suckers in Hollywood
Implementing Simple Neural Network Backpropagation from Scratch
AI-powered wearable  speaks  for people with vocal cord problems
Sources: CoreWeave, which offers Nvidia GPUs in the cloud, is in talks to raise funding at a $16B valuation, after being valued at a reported $7B in December (Gillian Tan/Bloomberg)
UN's AI resolution is non-binding, but still a big deal - here's why
CoreWeave Is in Talks for Funding at $16 Billion Valuation
My Solid Plan to Thrive as a Writer in the AI Age
EasyJailbreak: A Unified Machine Learning Framework for Enhancing LLM Security by Simplifying Jailbreak Attack Creation and Assessment Against Emerging Threats
Nvidia chip, GPT-5, Microsoft AI devices, and Google health redesign top ZDNET's Innovation Index
Researchers at Microsoft Introduce Garnet: An Open-Source and Faster Cache-Store System for Accelerating Applications and Services
Researchers at Northeastern University Propose NeuFlow: A Highly Efficient Optical Flow Architecture that Addresses both High Accuracy and Computational Cost Concerns
The Death of the Static AI Benchmark
MinusFace: Revolutionizing Privacy in Face Recognition with Feature Subtraction and Channel Shuffling   A Breakthrough Study by Fudan University and Tencent
IBM's Alignment Studio to Optimize AI Compliance for Contextual Regulations
Shopifinity Engine
Emad Mostaque Steps Down as CEO of Stability AI
Code Dependent by Madhumita Murgia review   understanding the human impacts of AI
Reprompt AI: An AI Startup that is Speeding Up the Road to Production-Ready Artificial Intelligence
RankPrompt: Revolutionizing AI Reasoning with Autonomous Evaluation with Improvement in Large Language Model Accuracy and Efficiency
Amazon AI Introduces DataLore: A Machine Learning Framework that Explains Data Changes between an Initial Dataset and Its Augmented Version to Improve Traceability
Apple may use Baidu's generative AI for iPhones in China
Sources: Stability AI founder Emad Mostaque plans to step down as CEO, following the departure of a group of researchers who helped develop Stable Diffusion (Forbes)
[N] Stability AI Founder Emad Mostaque Plans To Resign As CEO
Elite investor Jeffrey Gundlach compares the AI boom in stocks to the dot-com bubble &mdash; and warns of economic pain
Brit scams McDonald's out of 100 free meals using ChatGPT
Video Highlights: Open-Source LLM Libraries and Techniques   with Dr. Sebastian Raschka
Startup Stability AI CEO Emad Mostaque Steps Down
OpenAI seeks Hollywood partnerships ahead of Sora AI video generator release
How to connect ChatGPT to a SQL database for data retrieval and analysis
A 4500% rise in deepfake cheating in the Philippines signals a global crisis, with notable increases in Vietnam, the US, and Belgium.
My company hired a bunch of managers who ask me to make PPT's and present it themselves
HyperGAI Introduces HPT: A Groundbreaking Family of Leading Multimodal LLMs
Setup Nx lib and EXLA to run NX/AXON with CUDA
CPU vs GPU for Running LLMs Locally
[D] Is a move to SF and SV truly a necessity for working at the cutting edge of ML and related areas?
mapshaper.org
[D] Feeling burnt out after doing machine learning interviews
The genetic architecture of multimodal human brain age
Google will start showing AI-powered search results to users who didn't opt in
[R] what embarrassingly parallel workloads require GPUs?
How to build an API-driven Pokmon Dance Party component in less than 30 lines of HTML Web Component template code (+ Modulo.js)
Security news weekly round-up - 22nd March 2024
Star Sports Debuts AI Commentary in IPL, Steve Smith Praises Kohli in Hindi
[D] I listened to Sam Altman's most recent 2-hour interview at Lex Fridman - here are the key takeaways we all should know
Generative AI News Rundown - Pi-crosoft, Unusual Inflection, Google + Apple, GPT-5, Anthropic, Grok-1, and Much More
Accenture's $1 billion LearnVantage platform tackles the growing AI skills gap
A breach seller dumped a dataset of 73M AT&T customers online, three years after a hacker teased such a leak; AT&T won't say how its users' data was leaked (Zack Whittaker/TechCrunch)
Stability AI CEO resigns because you're 'not going to beat centralized AI with more centralized AI'
Apple iPhone AI to be powered by Baidu in China, maybe
Add Google Analytics to NextJS/React Website
Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce TacticAI: A New Deep Learning System that is Reinventing Football Strategy
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/22/2024
Predictive Indicator app
Microsoft's deal with Inflection is a further sign that the emerging AI economy will probably be dominated by the US tech giants, as the AI talent war heats up (John Thornhill/Financial Times)
Stability AI CEO Emad Mostaque steps down to focus on decentralized AI
I made a free AI tool for texturing 3D geometry on PC. No server, no subscriptions, no hidden costs. We no longer have to depend on large companies.
Setup LiveBook/Elixir to run Nx lib with Torchx (with GPU) on Macbook(Apple Silicon)
Study finds that China produced almost 50% of the world's top AI researchers, compared to ~18% from the US, thanks to China's heavy investment in AI education (New York Times)
Common Corpus: A Large Public Domain Dataset for Training LLMs
Data Distillation Meets Prompt Compression: How Tsinghua University and Microsoft's LLMLingua-2 Is Redefining Efficiency in Large Language Models Using Task-Agnostic Techniques
China Overtakes U.S. in Producing Top AI Talent
Pro Tip: Databutton UI Prototyping   From Sketch to Screen Fast! #fullstacksoftwareengineering
Excel AI: Data Analysis Made Easy With AI!
NVIDIA Shakes Up AI World! (And Other AI News)
AnimateDiff Lightning - Local Install Guide - Stable Video
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (March 22, 2024)
Top AI Innovations You Can't Miss
Stability AI CEO resigns to 'pursue decentralized AI'
UC Berkeley and Microsoft Research Redefine Visual Understanding: How Scaling on Scales Outperforms Larger Models with Efficiency and Elegance
What will AGI 'Look and Feel' Like in the Next Five Years?
New York Times fights back against Microsoft's weird VCR comparisons
[R] DenseFormer: Enhancing Information Flow in Transformers via Depth Weighted Averaging
LLM4Decompile: Open-source Large Language Models for Decompilation with Emphasis on Code Executability and Recompilability
Sam Altman may have Siri and Alexa in his sights after OpenAI filed a 'digital voice assistant' trademark application
AI could detect early risk of psychosis based on brain images
Peer Mentorship and Networking for Experienced Data Scientist
Why it's impossible to review AIs, and why TechCrunch is doing it anyway
[R] Mora: Enabling Generalist Video Generation via A Multi-Agent Framework
AI-generated blues misses a human touch   and a metronome
Microsoft Surface and AI event: 5 biggest announcements you might've missed this week
Google begins public testing of its generative AI search
Layoffs and AI sour annual Game Developers Conference: 'The vibe is rancid'
Accenture's Generative AI Revenue Surpasses All VC-Backed Startups Combined
The Cloud Boom of 2024: Riding the Wave of AI-Driven Transformation
InterSystems IRIS Flask Generative AI application
Cine
How to Programmatically Populate Related Blogs in Django: Boosting User Experience and SEO
Will AI still need human knowledge to improve?
Stanley Cups, AI Nurses, a Bad Interview for Elon and More
[P] DeepRL Agent Completing Street Fighter III with Ken
Customizing RStudio Container with Docker Compose
Como criar gradientes animados em Qt/QML
Suno AI claims its new AI model can generate  radio-quality music
Ibuprofeno.py | #61: Explica este cdigo Python
The A.I. Boom Makes Millions for an Unlikely Industry Player: Anguilla
'Did you feel this AI cared about you?' Startup announces 'nursebots'
String, invertir una cadena
Stability AI Founder Steps Down from CEO and Board Roles
Step by step guide to create customized chatbot by using spaCy (Python NLP library)
Redditors Vent and Complain When People Mock Their  AI Art
Financial Times tests an AI chatbot trained on decades of its own articles
Generative AI could leave users holding the bag for copyright violations
Building C extensions for SQLite with ChatGPT Code Interpreter
Synthetic data-driven climate action: The way to a sustainable tomorrow
DEV Challenge v24.03.20, Glam Up My Markup: Camp Activities
The Morning After: Neuralink's first human patient plays chess with his mind
SAG-AFTRA Members Give Near-Unanimous Approval to New TV Animation Contract
Four Data Engineering Projects That Look Great on your CV
Source: HeyGen, which uses AI to generate avatars and voices for videos, is raising $60M at a $440M pre-investment valuation, amid concerns about its China ties (The Information)
SAG-AFTRA ratifies TV animation contracts that establish AI protections for voice actors
Apple sued, Microsoft's AI ambitions and Nvidia's surprises
time-machine example test for a segfault in Python
[D] Is DPO still the best way to affordably fine-tune a model?
Ultra Ethernet gains momentum as tech giants join for AI and HPC network innovation
Google's VLOGGER AI model can generate video avatars from images - what could go wrong?
Build Simple Real-time Knowledge Server with RAG, LLM, and Knowledge Graphs in Docker
Python Data Engineering: Comprehensive Workflow for Data Modeling, Analytics with DuckDB
[D] Is LLM too hyped up in job postings?
Elite investor Jeffrey Gundlach compares the AI boom in stocks to the dot-com bubble   and warns of economic pain
Researchers from Alibaba and the Renmin University of China Present mPLUG-DocOwl 1.5: Unified Structure Learning for OCR-free Document Understanding
Testing computer vision programs
Google's HeAR Tool Revolutionizes Health Diagnosis with Sound-Based Technology
DoRA: Faster than LoRA for Fine-Tuning LLMs
Stability AI CEO Resigns, Advocates for Decentralized AI
PyTorch Lightning vs Fabric: What's the Difference?
Voice Cloning For Any Language | Fine-Tuning Tortoise-TTS | Part 2
AI Chatbots Earkick and Woebot: Therapy or Self-Help for Gen Z?
Are Bangalore Data Centres the Real Reason for Water Crisis? | Story kya hai | Ep 06 | AIM
Ironman - Made with Midjourney & Stable Video 3D
Little useless-useful R functions   Reverse Hello World
The Foundation of JSX and React
LLM Jargons Explained (KV Cache, PagedAttention, FlashAttention, Multi & Grouped Query Attention, sliding window attention etc)
Tnt-LLM: A Novel Machine Learning Framework that Combines the Interpretability of Manual Approaches with the Scale of Automatic Text Clustering and Topic Modeling
Evolving Chess Puzzles
Strachey love letter algorithm
HuggingFace Introduces Quanto: A Python Quantization Toolkit to Reduce the Computational and Memory Costs of Evaluating Deep Learning Models
Why watermarking won't work
Train & Debug ML Models for Responsible AI - Join the #AISkillsChallenge!
Stability AI founder and CEO Emad Mostaque resigns
3D Ham Sandwich Animation
The metrics you can't afford to ignore: What the best CEOs know
Seeing it All: LLaVA-UHD Perceives High-Resolution Images at Any Aspect Ratio
[D] What makes a good machine learning engineer?
FeatUp: A Machine Learning Algorithm that Upgrades the Resolution of Deep Neural Networks for Improved Performance in Computer Vision Tasks
Paperlib: An Open-Source AI Research Paper Management Tool
shelmet
All the AI photo forensics out there, can you actually tell that these paintings are AI generated? what am i missing here?
Open-source AI models released by Tokyo lab Sakana founded by former Google researchers
Researchers at Texas A&M University Introduces ComFormer: A Novel Machine Learning Approach for Crystal Material Property Prediction
Looking for AI voice like Eleven Labs, but with ability to describe emotion, like  angry:1.4, frustrated:0.2 . Does such a thing exist?
Ruff Emerges as the Fastest-Growing Python Linter Ever
Automotive Update from GTC 2024
Ai ART Jam +Purz  - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
AI News: Evolution Models and Brain Chips - THIS IS WILD!!!
Protip
How many popular models are coming from neural architecture search?
NVIDIA Just Launched FREE Courses in AI
AI video startup HeyGen raises $60 million at $440 million valuation
GNNs - how to run in production?
Cobra for Multimodal Language Learning: Efficient Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLM) with Linear Computational Complexity
OpenAI rival Anthropic seeks new investors
[R] Simplified Diffusion Schrdinger Bridge
[D] Is Aleksa Godric's post on landing a job at DeepMind still relavant today?
Lifelike Facial Image Synthesis with ID Embeddings: Arc2Face Pioneers New Frontiers
Sakana AI Introduces Evolutionary Model Merge: A New Machine Learning Approach Automating Foundation Model Development
Meet Jan: An Open-Source ChatGPT Alternative that Runs Completely Offline on Computer
Meet Pretzel: An AI Dev Startup with an Open-Source, Offline Browser-based Tool and AI-Native Alternative to Jupyter Notebooks
Zigzag Mamba by LMU Munich: Revolutionizing High-Resolution Visual Content Generation with Efficient Diffusion Modeling
Data Machina #246
MIT researchers develop method for lightning-fast image generation based on Stable Diffusion
How to count the numbers of vowels and consonants in a sentence in python
New Microsoft tool can compress AI prompts by up to 80 percent, saving time and money
[D] How can I complete with PhD students for intern positions?
Large Language Models' Emergent Abilities Are a Mirage
Justice Department Risks Picking the Wrong Fight With Apple
Artificial Intelligence in Finance
Prompt Quill a prompt augmentation tool at a never before seen scale
A personalized chatbot is more likely to change your mind than another human, study finds
The AI Toolbox: Everything You Need in One Place
Using LangChain to teach an LLM to write like you
[D] Is VAE still worth it?
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/23/2024
NVIDIA's GTC in Four Headlines
LangChain & OpenAI in Action with Different Data Sources
Folium: Create Interactive Leaflet Maps
OpenAI Showing Off Video-Generating System to Hollywood Directors
CoRover.ai's BharatGPT is Now Part of NVIDIA Inception, Gets Access to GPUs
How to Build a $300 AI Computer for the GPU-Poor
Nvidia could be primed to be the next AWS
OpenAI Voice Engine Speculation:
Cmo integrar Azure Text Analytics en una aplicacin de anlisis de feedback
How does the Segment-Anything Model's (SAM's) decoder work?
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 11/03 to 17/03
Are Language Models Benchmark Savants or Real-World Problem Solvers?
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 11/03 to 17/03
Stable Diffusion CEO Resigns as Company Crumbles
Grokking X.ai's Grok Real Advance or Just Real Troll?
Extract any entity from text with GLiNER
[D] Please recommend ways to make ML Interview better for candidates
5 Useful Visualizations to Enhance Your Analysis
Seeking Advice: Alternatives to A100 GPU for FP64 Precision in Scientific ML Models
GenAI-Powered Digital Threads - AI Security Under the Hood, Part II
Coding solutions with AI
How To Control Your Agent Action and Prompt System: LangGraph
Many Articles Tell You Python Tricks, But Few Tell You Why
Estimation problems from 2D to 3D
What is the Python id function?
New Neural Model Enables AI-to-AI Linguistic Communication
Do you also wrap your data processing functions in classes?
System Design: Bloom Filter
Reviving PyMiniRacer
[P] Treeformer: hard attention + decision trees = causal language modelling
Sorry Devin You Can't Replace our Jobs
[D] Looking for fastest inference way to run a pytorch model on TensorRT
[D] Does anyone know why my test loss is spiking so crazily?
Data imbalance for object detection
Top AI Breakthroughs from NVIDIA GTC 2024
CNCF Incubates Strimzi to Simplify Kafka on Kubernetes
AI execs who urgently need more energy to power their tech revolution are turning to fossil fuels
[D] Current state of Native kernels for Deep Learning on different architectures
LWiAI Podcast #160 - Nvidia's new GPU, Microsoft pays for Inflection AI, Grok-1 open sourced, Jeremie's Action Plan
How to Forecast Air Temperatures with AI + IoT Sensor Data
Researchers at UC Berkeley Present EMMET: A New Machine Learning Framework that Unites Two Popular Model Editing Techniques   ROME and MEMIT Under the Same Objective
contract work for machine learning and data science?
AgentLite by Salesforce AI Research: Transforming LLM Agent Development with an Open-Source, Lightweight, Task-Oriented Library for Enhanced Innovation
[D] how to write a good rebuttal for ML conference?
Sources: Chinese social media startup Xiaohongshu reported its first profit with $500M in net profit on $3.7B revenue in 2023, and reached 312M MAUs, up 20% YoY (Financial Times)
Creating Satellite Image Timelapses
Here is the largest collection of fine-tuning notebooks for Language Language Models (LLMs), which includes additions for both Direct Preference Optimization (DPO) fine-tuning and Knowledge Graph LLMs
Samsung preps inferencing accelerator to take on Nvidia, scores huge sale
Nvidia's AI ambitions in medicine and health care are becoming clear
PJRT Plugin: An Open Interface Plugin for Device Runtime and Compiler that Simplifies Machine Learning Hardware and Framework Integration
How to build an OpenAI-compatible API
Responsive Animated Login Form Using HTML & CSS & JavaScript
Improving Face Keypoint Detection
Companies are about to waste billions on AI   here's how not to become one of them
Meta AI Proposes Reverse Training: A Simple and Effective Artificial Intelligence Training Method to Help Remedy the Reversal Curse in LLMs
CACA Agent: Capability Collaboration based AI Agent
Construction of a Japanese Financial Benchmark for Large Language Models
CHisIEC: An Information Extraction Corpus for Ancient Chinese History
A Survey of Neural Code Intelligence: Paradigms, Advances and Beyond
ESG Classification by Implicit Rule Learning via GPT-4
MasonTigers at SemEval-2024 Task 1: An Ensemble Approach for Semantic Textual Relatedness
Microsoft Copilot app getting installed on Windows devices
InstaSynth: Opportunities and Challenges in Generating Synthetic Instagram Data with ChatGPT for Sponsored Content Detection
A look at The Financial Times' Claude-powered AI chatbot Ask FT, which is trained on FT's articles and available to some subscribers in the FT Professional tier (The Verge)
This algorithm spots workplace accidents before they happen
MasonTigers at SemEval-2024 Task 9: Solving Puzzles with an Ensemble of Chain-of-Thoughts
MemeCraft: Contextual and Stance-Driven Multimodal Meme Generation
Social Intelligence Data Infrastructure: Structuring the Present and Navigating the Future
Born With a Silver Spoon? Investigating Socioeconomic Bias in Large Language Models
Exploring ChatGPT and its Impact on Society
A Collection of Pragmatic-Similarity Judgments over Spoken Dialog Utterances
Comparing Plausibility Estimates in Base and Instruction-Tuned Large Language Models
Multi-Review Fusion-in-Context
Stance Reasoner: Zero-Shot Stance Detection on Social Media with Explicit Reasoning
Specifying Genericity through Inclusiveness and Abstractness Continuous Scales
Imagination Augmented Generation: Learning to Imagine Richer Context for Question Answering over Large Language Models
AutoTAMP: Autoregressive Task and Motion Planning with LLMs as Translators and Checkers
Robustness of the Random Language Model
Meet Thunder: An Open-Sourced Compiler for PyTorch
Inducing High Energy-Latency of Large Vision-Language Models with Verbose Images
Sparse Mean Field Load Balancing in Large Localized Queueing Systems
A Synergistic Approach to Wildfire Prevention and Management Using AI, ML, and 5G Technology in the United States
Event Temporal Relation Extraction based on Retrieval-Augmented on LLMs
Hierarchical Skip Decoding for Efficient Autoregressive Text Generation
Image super-resolution via dynamic network
Not All Attention is Needed: Parameter and Computation Efficient Transfer Learning for Multi-modal Large Language Models
A Picture Is Worth a Graph: Blueprint Debate on Graph for Multimodal Reasoning
MasonTigers at SemEval-2024 Task 8: Performance Analysis of Transformer-based Models on Machine-Generated Text Detection
MacGyver: Are Large Language Models Creative Problem Solvers?
Renmin University's Research Introduces ChainLM: A Cutting-Edge Large Language Model Empowered by the Innovative CoTGenius Framework
Apple Researchers Propose a Multimodal AI Approach to Device-Directed Speech Detection with Large Language Models
Data Masking: Securing Data Safety and Compliance with API7 Enterprise
Self-Guard: Empower the LLM to Safeguard Itself
A clip from the childhood of Scott Wu, the founder of the AI company Devin
Investigating the Performance of Language Models for Completing Code in Functional Programming Languages: a Haskell Case Study
sqlite-schema-diagram.sql
Human behaviour through a LENS: How Linguistic content triggers Emotions and Norms and determines Strategy choices
iSLAM: Imperative SLAM
Fast Nonlinear Two-Time-Scale Stochastic Approximation: Achieving $O(1/k)$ Finite-Sample Complexity
CoLLEGe: Concept Embedding Generation for Large Language Models
Launching 8th Edition of Cypher: Now in USA too
AI to track hedgehog populations in pioneering UK project
Evidence-Driven Retrieval Augmented Response Generation for Online Misinformation
Apple researchers explore dropping  Siri  phrase and listening with AI instead
Concept-Best-Matching: Evaluating Compositionality in Emergent Communication
Knowledge Card: Filling LLMs' Knowledge Gaps with Plug-in Specialized Language Models
LLM2LLM: Boosting LLMs with Novel Iterative Data Enhancement
Risk and Response in Large Language Models: Evaluating Key Threat Categories
AutoRE: Document-Level Relation Extraction with Large Language Models
CO-Fun: A German Dataset on Company Outsourcing in Fund Prospectuses for Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction
On Zero-Shot Counterspeech Generation by LLMs
LLMR: Real-time Prompting of Interactive Worlds using Large Language Models
Attention-Driven Reasoning: Unlocking the Potential of Large Language Models
BadLlama: cheaply removing safety fine-tuning from Llama 2-Chat 13B
DOSA: A Dataset of Social Artifacts from Different Indian Geographical Subcultures
Application of GPT Language Models for Innovation in Activities in University Teaching
Language Models in Dialogue: Conversational Maxims for Human-AI Interactions
Towards Knowledge-Grounded Natural Language Understanding and Generation
TAMS: Translation-Assisted Morphological Segmentation
Fundus: A Simple-to-Use News Scraper Optimized for High Quality Extractions
UniChest: Conquer-and-Divide Pre-training for Multi-Source Chest X-Ray Classification
Building Efficient Universal Classifiers with Natural Language Inference
Argument-Aware Approach To Event Linking
NL2TL: Transforming Natural Languages to Temporal Logics using Large Language Models
Introducing PARAMANU-AYN, India's first Indigenously Developed Legal AI
The Future of AI in India is Not That Bleak!
Meet Devika: An Open-Source AI Software Engineer that Aims to be a Competitive Alternative to Devin by Cognition AI
A Study by Google DeepMind on Evaluating Frontier Machine Learning Models for Dangerous Capabilities
The Genius Behind Salesforce Data Cloud
Open-sourced Data Ecosystem in Autonomous Driving: the Present and Future
Krutrim, Bhavish Aggarwal's AI Unicorn, Partners with Databricks
Redis Gets a Fresh Leadership Makeover
A look at the rise of free-to-use AI chatbots claiming to help with teens' mental health struggles, as experts disagree about whether the chatbots are effective (Matthew Perrone/Associated Press)
Looking at the Future of FinServ IT - with Jason Walker of BigPanda
A Deepfake Nude Generator Reveals a Chilling Look at Its Victims
Stability AI CEO resigns to pursue 'decentralised AI'
How OpenAI's Former Board Inadvertently Created a New Competitor Inside its Patron
California Issues Generative AI Tool Use Guidelines
The Data Disconnect: A Key Challenge for Machine Learning Deployment
The world needs more (and better) open map data
Nvidia Debuts AI-Powered Weather Forecasting Digital Twin
Python learning on Steroids
Ask AI Anything with Walles.AI's Natural Language Processing Magic!
[P] Looking for contributions for a matrix decomposition python library
The tech industry can't agree on what open source AI means. That's a problem.
Stanhope raises 2.3m for AI that teaches machines to 'make human-like decisions'
Google's new Gemini AI model says the company has a 'virtual monopoly' on digital advertising
Say Hello to Precision: How Rerankers and Embeddings Boost Search
Microsoft Researchers Introduce AllHands, An LLM Framework for Large-Scale Feedback Analysis
Zoom Unveils AI-Powered Collaboration Platform Zoom Workplace to Boost Productivity
Most in-demand skills for 2024   hint, genAI is at the top
AI Assistant Extensions: Your Personal Assistant 24/7   Convincing Benefits
Should You Invest In AI Startups In 2024? Sure, But Here's A Piece Of Advice
How do ChatGPT, Gemini, and other LLMs Work?
Where Active AI Investor Felicis Is Placing Its Bets
[D] Your salary is determined mainly by geography, not your skill level (conclusions from the salary model built with 24k samples and 300 questions)
Nvidia's Optical Boogeyman   NVL72, Infiniband Scale Out, 800G & 1.6T Ramp
Nvidia GeForce RTX 3050 6GB Review: Quiet Release, Dodgy Name
Tooltips within Text using HTML and CSS!
This AI Paper from Max Planck, Adobe, and UCSD Proposes Explorative Inbetweening of Time and Space Using Time Reversal Fusion (TRF)
Apple could choose multiple partners for generative AI on iPhone
LlamaFactory: A Unified Machine Learning Framework that Integrates a Suite of Cutting-Edge Efficient Training Methods, Allowing Users to Customize the Fine-Tuning of 100+ LLMs Flexibly
Google's AI can ingest multiple books. What will it do with all that data?
[D] What approach do you guys recommend if I'm stuck on understanding some part of a research paper and cant find any relevant information on Google searching?
Generative AI tech is dreaming up new antibodies
Java News Roundup: JDK 22, GraalVM for JDK 22, Proposed Schedule for JDK 23, JMC 9.0
Step-by-Step Guide to Open-Source Implementation of Generative Fill: Part 2
Creating Synthetic User Research: Using Persona Prompting and Autonomous Agents
What our shopping haul taught us about the promise of AI
Computational Astronomy: Exploring the Cosmos with Wolfram
AI Investment Agent powered by Claude
Guest Post: Zilliz Unveiled Milvus 2.4 at GTC 24, Transforming Vector Databases with GPU Acceleration*
Stability AI CEO Emad Mostaque Resigns Amid Chaos at the AI Image Generator Company
FLaNK AI Weekly 25 March 2025
OpenAI is Meeting Hollywood This Week to Discuss its AI Video Generator Sora
Exclusive: Foundational emerges from stealth with $8 million to tackle data quality and AI readiness challenges
How to fine-tune LLMs for better RAG performance
Micron sells out its entire supply of high-bandwidth HBM3E memory for AI accelerators
AI UK 2024: Camden Council case study
Become a Business Intelligence Analyst in Less Than 6 Months
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/24/2024
Large language models use a surprisingly simple mechanism to retrieve some stored knowledge
MIT's FeatUp enhances computer vision models with high-resolution details.
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of March 22nd
Study tests if AI can help fight cybercrime
Pydantic Tutorial: Data Validation in Python Made Simple
Nvidia GPU Technology Conference In 2024: A Deep-Dive
Electrification could overwhelm energy grids. Startups are betting on AI to make sure that doesn't happen
Crafting Navigation Menus Using HTML Lists: A Beginner's Guide
AI Accounting Startup FundGuard Raises $100 Million in New Funds
Engineering household robots to have a little common sense
Saving hours of work with AI: How ChatGPT became my virtual assistant for a data project
Beyond the Mud: Datasets, Benchmarks, and Methods for Computer Vision in Off-Road Racing
German partnership to bring together quantum and supercomputing
NVIDIA Unleashes Quantum Computing Prowess With a CUDA Q-wist
The Download: defining open source AI, and replacing Siri
Music Monday   What are you listening to? (Suno.AI Edition  )
FundGuard, which offers an AI accounting platform for asset managers, raised a $100M Series C led by Key1 Capital, taking its funding to $150M since 2018 (Marissa Newman/Bloomberg)
Last Week in AI #263: Apple shares details of its multimodal model, Cerebras unveils largest AI chip yet, Microsoft  acquires  Inflection AI, Stability AI CEO steps down, and more!
Dating apps: Lack of regulation, oversight and competition affects quality, and millions stand to lose
Uber Freight Uses AI to Expand Truck Loading Nationwide
AI in HR: Navigating the Opportunities and Challenges
Revealed: a California city is training AI to spot homeless encampments
Building High-Performance Applications in the Era of Accelerated Computing
AI-Powered Accounting Startup FundGuard Locks Up $100M
7 RAG Tools to Make the Most Out of Your LLMs
Survey reveals almost half of all managers aim to replace workers with AI, could use it to lower wages
My search for the mysterious missing secretary who shaped chatbot history
Research finds AI algorithms can help 'mumpreneurs'
Filing: FTX strikes deals worth $884M with buyers, including $500M from a Mubadala affiliate, to sell most of its Anthropic stake; FTX invested $500M in 2021 (Becky Yerak/Wall Street Journal)
PySpark in 2023: A Year in Review
Horror Film 'Late Night with The Devil' Criticized for Using AI Images
UXL Foundation, backed by Google, Intel, and others, plans to build tools to power multiple types of AI accelerator chips and break Nvidia's CUDA dominance (Max A. Cherney/Reuters)
DynamiCrafter: Animating Open-domain Images with Video Diffusion Priors
Sources detail Meta's unconventional moves to attract and keep AI researchers, including Zuckerberg personally writing to DeepMind researchers to recruit them (Kalley Huang/The Information)
GoodData Unveils Major Update to Redefine the Landscape for BI Practitioners
GitHub Copilot AI Boosts App Security with Autofix: 'Found Means Fixed'
The BBC Won't Use AI to Promote Doctor Who Again After Being Yelled at by Fans
Tennessee Enacts ELVIS Act to Protect Artist Voices from AI Misuse
A Full Guide to Fine-Tuning Large Language Models
DataChat Delivers Data Exploration with a Dose of GenAI
What is AI? Everything to know about artificial intelligence
The Promise of Edge AI and Approaches for Effective Adoption
Nvidia's AI chip dominance is being targeted by Google, Intel, and Arm
[P] Introducing Tamil Mistral: Opening Up New Language Possibilities with LLM Pretraining
Mitre Opens Lab to Test US Government's Artificial Intelligence
Startup Raises $80M to Simplify Access to AI Cloud Services
New Architecture: NVIDIA Blackwell
The Unbundling of ChatGPT (Feb 2024 Recap)
AI + Humans automating our web Development tasks
Advances in Data Loggers
06x06: AI Is My Co Pilot with Chris Grundemann
V-JEPA, AI Reasoning from a Non-Generative Architecture with Mido Assran - #677
The End of Schools As We Know Them?
Apple CEO Tim Cook Champions AI for Climate Change at China Forum
LLM Structured Output for Function Calling with Ollama
Nvidia's Project GR00T: Advancing Humanoid Robots with Generative AI
US House Introduces Bill to Regulate AI-Generated Media
Getting 50 people to comment on my shirt at Kubecon
Can you hear me now? AI-coustics to fight noisy audio with generative AI
Conservationists Use AI and Photography to Help Hedgehogs
Tired of AI doomsday tropes, Cohere CEO says his goal is technology that's 'additive to humanity'
Integrating AI with Virtual Care Solutions Improves Patient Care and Clinical Efficiencies
Quoting Seth Rosen
Up to 17% of AI conference reviews now written by AI
Humane shows off AI phone with laser projectors: Cool, but it won't replace your phone
Say Hello to Programming: Writing  Hello, World!  in 50 Different Languages
Profluent, spurred by Salesforce research and backed by Jeff Dean, uses AI to discover medicines
BasedAI: A Distributed Network of Machines that Introduces Decentralized Infrastructure Capable of Integrating FHE with Any LLM Connected to Its Network
[R] Up to 17% of Recent AI Conference Peer Reviews Written by ChatGPT
DOJ and SEC Acknowledge AI Amplifies Harm and Signal Stiffer Sentences
Researchers from Imperial College and GSK AI Introduce RAmBLA: A Machine Learning Framework for Evaluating the Reliability of LLMs as Assistants in the Biomedical Domain
MathVerse: An All-Around Visual Math Benchmark Designed for an Equitable and In-Depth Evaluation of Multi-modal Large Language Models (MLLMs)
Google, Intel, and Qualcomm aim to break Nvidia's AI dominance
Coherent lights the way to massive AI clusters with optical circuit switches
A deep-learning and transfer-learning hybrid aerosol retrieval algorithm for a geostationary meteorological satellite
Devil or Devin : The World's First AI Software Engineer
Researchers discover a surprisingly simple retrieval mechanism in LLMs
How to protect PII information from your AI apps?
[Discussion] On Plagiarism of  Trajectory Consistency Distillation
Watch Neuralink's first human patient play 'Mario Kart' with his mind
Broadcom showcases huge XPU AI accelerator for mystery client
Tiny Corp launches Nvidia-powered AI computer because 'it just works'
Sora: OpenAI reports on the first creative use of its video AI
An In-depth Review and Developer's Opinions on Claude 3 after initial tests
Google's AI Search Caught Pushing Users to Download Malware
Three Takeaways From Forrester's 2024 Evaluation Of AI Infrastructure Solutions
Amazon knows you don't have the AI skills for tomorrow, and has a plan to help
Elon Musk tells staff they must give new customers a demo of Full Self Driving mode before giving them their car
Large language models can help home robots recover from errors without human help
Got rejected from Analytics engineering role because of having marketing experience (which I don't have)
How to Transform ChatGPT Conversations With a Custom Rating System -     (3.5/5)
Eliyan, which is developing chiplet interconnects to increase AI chips' performance, raised a $60M Series B co-led by Samsung Catalyst Fund and Tiger Global (Dean Takahashi/VentureBeat)
[P] Marigold-LCM: fast monocular depth estimation based on Stable Diffusion
AI Takes Disaster Planning From Macro Level to Micro
Where to look for DS jobs?
Why ChatGPT Was Down Today
Where'd my results go? Google Search's chatbot is no longer opt-in
Revolutionizing Healthcare: OpenEvidence Launches Medical AI API for Enhanced Clinical Solutions
Why did you get into data science?
Singapore university sets up AI research facility for 'public good'
DeepMind & UBC's Genie: A Revolutionary Leap in Generative AI for Interactive Virtual Worlds
Weekly Top Picks #68
Name & Shame: Carlyle Group Investment Data Science
The transitory nature of MLOps: Advocating for DevOps/MLOps coalescence
Make your Azure OpenAI apps compliant with RBAC
Benchmarking LLM-based Machine Translation on Cultural Awareness
Encoding of lexical tone in self-supervised models of spoken language
My binary vector search is better than your FP32 vectors
OFA: A Framework of Initializing Unseen Subword Embeddings for Efficient Large-scale Multilingual Continued Pretraining
A California city is training AI to spot homeless encampments
Deepfakes are becoming indistinguishable from reality. This video is the clone version of Lex Fridman cloned with Argil AI model. Everyone should tell their family that a video can no longer be trusted.
MuSR: Testing the Limits of Chain-of-thought with Multistep Soft Reasoning
A comparison of Human, GPT-3.5, and GPT-4 Performance in a University-Level Coding Course
Evaluating Shortest Edit Script Methods for Contextual Lemmatization
Extracting Emotion Phrases from Tweets using BART
Universal NER: A Gold-Standard Multilingual Named Entity Recognition Benchmark
With Greater Text Comes Greater Necessity: Inference-Time Training Helps Long Text Generation
Modelling Commonsense Commonalities with Multi-Facet Concept Embeddings
A Bayesian Multilingual Document Model for Zero-shot Topic Identification and Discovery
Now You Can Full Fine Tune / DreamBooth Stable Diffusion XL (SDXL) with only 10.3 GB VRAM via OneTrainer
BaRDa: A Belief and Reasoning Dataset that Separates Factual Accuracy and Reasoning Ability
Effective Distillation of Table-based Reasoning Ability from LLMs
Dissociating language and thought in large language models
Leveraging Large Language Models for Preliminary Security Risk Analysis: A Mission-Critical Case Study
[D] How to keep studying and up to date after being employed
Large Language Model for Mental Health: A Systematic Review
PILOT: Legal Case Outcome Prediction with Case Law
Microsoft Bing Chief Exiting Role After Suleyman Named AI Leader
When your Cousin has the Right Connections: Unsupervised Bilingual Lexicon Induction for Related Data-Imbalanced Languages
Spacerini: Plug-and-play Search Engines with Pyserini and Hugging Face
This AI Paper Introduces SafeEdit: A New Benchmark to Investigate Detoxifying LLMs via Knowledge Editing
Do Vision and Language Encoders Represent the World Similarly?
WoLF: Large Language Model Framework for CXR Understanding
Transforming High-Dimensional Optimization: The Krylov Subspace Cubic Regularized Newton Method's Dimension-Free Convergence
Beyond Tech Hype: A Practical Guide to Harnessing LLMs for Positive Change
A study on the impact of Self-Supervised Learning on automatic dysarthric speech assessment
Navigating Prompt Complexity for Zero-Shot Classification: A Study of Large Language Models in Computational Social Science
Causal Intersectionality and Dual Form of Gradient Descent for Multimodal Analysis: a Case Study on Hateful Memes
Learning with Silver Standard Data for Zero-shot Relation Extraction
Embrace Divergence for Richer Insights: A Multi-document Summarization Benchmark and a Case Study on Summarizing Diverse Information from News Articles
Dispersed Structured Light for Hyperspectral 3D Imaging
Enhancing User Agency in Generative Language Models: Algorithmic Recourse for Toxicity Filtering
Evaluating Large Language Models with Runtime Behavior of Program Execution
Large Language Models in Biomedical and Health Informatics: A Bibliometric Review
Little Red Riding Hood Goes Around the Globe:Crosslingual Story Planning and Generation with Large Language Models
Towards Algorithmic Fidelity: Mental Health Representation across Demographics in Synthetic vs. Human-generated Data
HealthFC: Verifying Health Claims with Evidence-Based Medical Fact-Checking
New Intent Discovery with Attracting and Dispersing Prototype
PLANNER: Generating Diversified Paragraph via Latent Language Diffusion Model
Beyond Chain-of-Thought, Effective Graph-of-Thought Reasoning in Language Models
AC4: Algebraic Computation Checker for Circuit Constraints in ZKPs
UCM-Net: A Lightweight and Efficient Solution for Skin Lesion Segmentation using MLP and CNN
A unified front-end framework for English text-to-speech synthesis
Mark Zuckerberg is writing personal emails to AI researchers at Google's DeepMind to recruit them: report
On the Relationship between Skill Neurons and Robustness in Prompt Tuning
Garbage AI posts like Shrimp Jesus are destroying Facebook
LLM Agent Operating System
KGQuiz: Evaluating the Generalization of Encoded Knowledge in Large Language Models
A Closer Look at the Self-Verification Abilities of Large Language Models in Logical Reasoning
Situated Natural Language Explanations
Hallucination Detection in Foundation Models for Decision-Making: A Flexible Definition and Review of the State of the Art
UrbanCLIP: Learning Text-enhanced Urban Region Profiling with Contrastive Language-Image Pretraining from the Web
MMA-Diffusion: MultiModal Attack on Diffusion Models
Mind's Mirror: Distilling Self-Evaluation Capability and Comprehensive Thinking from Large Language Models
Large Language Models for Generative Recommendation: A Survey and Visionary Discussions
Towards Measuring and Modeling  Culture  in LLMs: A Survey
Regulating Large Language Models: A Roundtable Report
Examining the Limitations of Computational Rumor Detection Models Trained on Static Datasets
MixRED: A Mix-lingual Relation Extraction Dataset
Between Lines of Code: Unraveling the Distinct Patterns of Machine and Human Programmers
Knowledge-augmented Graph Neural Networks with Concept-aware Attention for Adverse Drug Event Detection
GenAI Startups are as Good as Big Tech Desires
Multi-agent reinforcement learning using echo-state network and its application to pedestrian dynamics
PYTHON BITWISE OPERATORS
Examining Temporalities on Stance Detection towards COVID-19 Vaccination
Bridging the Novice-Expert Gap via Models of Decision-Making: A Case Study on Remediating Math Mistakes
SPACE-IDEAS: A Dataset for Salient Information Detection in Space Innovation
To share or not to share: What risks would laypeople accept to give sensitive data to differentially-private NLP systems?
A Survey of Confidence Estimation and Calibration in Large Language Models
Dial-MAE: ConTextual Masked Auto-Encoder for Retrieval-based Dialogue Systems
LAMPER: LanguAge Model and Prompt EngineeRing for zero-shot time series classification
Now You Can Teleport Scent from Anywhere in the World
Simulated Data, Real Learnings : Power Analysis
Claude 3 Opus beats ChatGPT Pro (GPT-4) in everything except image generation... right?
DenseFormer by EPFL Researchers: Enhancing Transformer Efficiency with Depth-Weighted Averages for Superior Language Modeling Performance and Speed
AI and data infrastructure drives demand for open source startups
[D] My binary vector search is better than your FP32 vectors
Meet Claude-Investor: The First Claude 3 Investment Analyst Agent Repo
shy kids    Air Head . First film made with Sora
GGML GGUF File Format Vulnerabilities
Tesla will reportedly take customers on a test drive to show off its Full Self-Driving tech
Adding temporal resiliency to data science applications
A Practitioners Guide to Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Slang Chrome Extension
AI Background Remover
La fixette franaise sur les fotes d'orthogaffes
De-Nesting Google Analytics Data in BigQuery
OpenAI's Sora Takes About 12 Minutes to Generate 1 Minute Video on NVIDIA H100
[D] What do the responsibilities of a typical  research scientist  in big tech companies look like? And what determines if you are going to be able to continue publishing papers in this role (going in after a PhD)?
Apple Appears to Have Achieved AGI
AI Startup Working on Transporting Smells Across the World
Microsoft AI Proposes CoT-Influx: A Novel Machine Learning Approach that Pushes the Boundary of Few-Shot Chain-of-Thoughts (CoT) Learning to Improve LLM Mathematical Reasoning
Mistral 7B vs. Mixtral 8x7B
Searce, UBIX AI to Revolutionize AI and Analytics on Google Cloud
Gestalt announces PathFlow's AI Algorithm Evaluator
Chat PDFs and the Next Wave of Communication with Walles.Ai
How generative AI can promote inclusive job descriptions
Fieldguide, which plans to use AI to alleviate an accountant shortage, raised a $30M Series B led by Bessemer, and counts 40 of the top 100 CPA firms as clients (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Apollo Intelligence won 2024 Artificial Intelligence Excellence Award
The Broken Big Tech Hiring Process
STFC Hartree Centre signs agreement with Lenovo for state-of-the-art supercomputer
Using AI to Improve Bad Business Writing
What is a Database? Everything You Need to Know
This AI Startup is Trying to Make Fax Machines Work Better for Health Care
Real-time rendering of complex volumetric effects just got easier with Gaussian Frosting
Memo: Microsoft's Bing chief Mikhail Parakhin plans to exit his roles and look for a new position, after Microsoft hired Mustafa Suleyman to run Microsoft AI (Dina Bass/Bloomberg)
Google's AI-powered search feature recommends malicious sites, including scams and malware
Three-Year-Old Startup Bets AI Can Help Fix Accountant Shortage
Future AI Could Share Knowledge Like the Borg in 'Star Trek'
Rakuten Releases Suite of RakutenAI-7B Models
AI is a data problem. Now Cyera is raising up to $300M on a $1.5B valuation, to secure it
The Apple Vision Pro is the most consequential tech of the 21st century
Code Coach
Vertex AI Studio puts the promise in generative AI
AI Will Suck Up 500% More Power in UK in 10 Years, Grid CEO Says
AI-Powered Landscaping Robots Demonstrated in Bay Area
Charm in Conversation: Walles.AI's Natural Language Processing Makes Every Chat PDF Interaction a Delight!
Intel, Google & Arm unite to challenge Nvidia
The BBC has  no plans  to use AI again to promote Doctor Who, after the marketing team used AI  as part of a small trial  to help draft emails and notifications (Max Goldbart/Deadline)
Avant Technologies to build First AI-Focused Data Center in Milwaukee
The Idea of Compiler-Generated Feedback for Large Language Models
How Adobe's bet on non-exploitative AI is paying off
Hancom's strategic investment in Spanish AI biometric company FacePhi
Meet Quivr: An Open Source RAG Framework with 38k+ Github Stars
LLM2LLM: UC Berkeley, ICSI and LBNL Researchers' Innovative Approach to Boosting Large Language Model Performance in Low-Data Regimes with Synthetic Data
Homeland Security Unveils AI Road Map, Pilot Programs
Simplify, Interact, Achieve: Unleashing the Power of Ask Ai with Walles.Ai's Intuitive Features
Edge 380: A New Series About Autonomous Agents
The tech executive who believes AI needs more voice-based learning systems
Internal Tesla memo: Elon Musk tells staff to perform a  short test ride  with customers to demonstrate Full Self-Driving, a  hard requirement  from now on (Edward Ludlow/Bloomberg)
Meet Refik, the Trailblazing AI Art Maestro who Dazzled at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Q&A: Udemy online education exec on tech layoffs and skills needs
DomainLab: A Modular Python Package for Domain Generalization in Deep Learning
What if Nvidia had acquired Arm?
Interview with Amine Barrak: serverless computing and machine learning
Stability AI CEO resigns because of centralized AI
Meet the MIT Technology Review AI team in London
For the first time, I have seen a job post appreciating having Coursera certificates.
Navigating Tomorrow: The AI-Quantum Fusion Era
MongoDB Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
OpenAI releases seven Sora videos from select filmmakers, artists, ad agencies, and musicians; Fairly Trained CEO Ed Newton-Rex calls the move  artistwashing  (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Article: Unpacking How Ads Ranking Works at Pinterest
Learning Path: Introduction to R
Create your OpenAI Assistant in NestJS
Creators are using OpenAI's Sora to make unreal AI videos
#89: A New In-Depth Sam Altman Interview, The  Inflection Point  for Enterprise Generative AI Adoption, and Inflection AI's Big Shakeup
LlamaPack - RAFT: Adapting Language Model to Domain Specific RAG
Stored Procedures in MySQL | Advanced MySQL Series
How AI and a popular card game can help engineers predict catastrophic failure   by finding the absence of a pattern
San Jose's AI Experiment to Identify Homeless Encampments Sparks Debate
US States' Dependence on AI for Work Tasks Varies Widely
Unlocking AI's Potential in Sexual and Reproductive Health
Here's why AI search engines really can't kill Google
769: Generative AI for Medicine   with Prof. Zack Lipton
Manning Introduces: Machine Learning for Drug Discovery
Open Source Extraction Service
How I use Gen AI as a Data Engineer
Microsoft is bringing more Copilot smarts to Teams
AI Is Putting the Silicon Back in Silicon Valley
Tesla is pushing a free one-month trial of its FSD Beta driver-assistance software to US customers
Generative AI Steals the Spotlight at Adobe Summit 2024
R dtplyr: How to Efficiently Process Huge Datasets with a data.table Backend
Adobe's GenStudio brings brand-safe generative AI to marketers
Adobe announces generative AI tools to reinvent ad campaigns
WhatsApp May Soon Be Adding AI-Powered Photo Editing Tools
Feature Engineering With Latitude and Longitude
Practice Better released That Clean Life's AI Health Insights
5 Free Google Courses to Become a Software Engineer
Ways of Improving Your RFM Model in BigQuery
Nvidia software exec Kari Briski on NIM, CUDA, and dogfooding AI
Three-in-Five Canadian Organizations Are Open to Using AI: Report
Scientists turn to AI to make beer taste even better
Microsoft Teams is getting smarter Copilot AI features
AI search engines review: they are worse than Google at navigational queries, mixed on information queries, and offer helpful citations in exploration queries (David Pierce/The Verge)
0G Labs, or Zero Gravity Labs, which is building a modular blockchain to let developers make decentralized AI apps, raised $35M in pre-seed funding (Jacquelyn Melinek/TechCrunch)
This AI newsletter is all you need #92
Nvidia Traders Find Reasons to Worry Beyond Sky-High Stock Price
Filings detail Meta's Project Ghostbusters to get data analytics about Snapchat, YouTube, and Amazon, using Onavo VPN on iOS and Android between 2016 and 2019 (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
The Art of Effective Prompt Engineering with Free Courses and Certifications
A ChatGPT for Music Is Here. Inside Suno, the Startup Changing Everything
YC-backed SigmaOS browser turns to AI-powered features for monetization
Canada plans to toughen foreign investment rules for sectors like AI and quantum computing, as it takes steps to curb China's influence on key industries (Bloomberg)
Peterson Tech Partners announces strategic partnership with Legitt AI
A Data Science Project for Eclipse Watchers
Canada to Toughen Foreign Investment Rules for AI, Space Technology
Day 1   Azure Open AI Challenge
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Text Expansion
Neuralink patient said he asked about reports of botched brain-chip surgeries on monkeys
Vestager on EU taking the lead in regulation and its global impact
AI could make better beer. Here's how.
What Is the Python Underscore and How Is It Used?
Find Any Photo in Lightroom With the AI-Powered Peakto Search Plugin
Creative Professionals Tried Out OpenAI's Sora With Strange Results
How NVIDIA GPU Acceleration Supercharged Milvus Vector Database
AI forecaster can predict the future better than humans
OpenAI Let Directors Make Short Films With Sora and the Results Are Wild
TechCrunch Minute: What Stability AI's CEO departure means for other AI startups
AI is helping fragrance companies unlock the sensational possibilities of smell
What are the software engineering best practices that we should know?
We built an AI tool to help set priorities for conservation in Madagascar: what we found
Hands-On LangChain for LLMs App: ChatBots Memory
Knowledge Series #29: How does the release process work?
AI Won't Steal Your Coding Job (But It Will Change It)
The real reason Tesla may be giving free trials of its Full Self-Driving software
Amazon Pharmacy leverages AI and local distribution to speed up prescription deliveries
Netherlands devises  1B plan to keep ASML in the country
Adobe's new GenStudio platform is an AI factory for advertisers
7 Cool Data Visualizations Using D3 and Vega
Fireworks.ai open source API puts generative AI in reach of any developer
Advania expands into Second atNorth Data Center Site in Iceland
You can now make the Paint app from one single prompt
Microsoft Azure Certificate
Food safety: Two-stage process of extraction and classification to identify ingredients in photos of food
Data, data everywhere and not a stop to think
Finding Love Has Never Been Easier
llm cmd undo last git commit - a new plugin for LLM
Adobe launches GenStudio to let brands create content and measure its performance using generative AI, underpinned by promises of brand safety (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
Sign up now: how human-AI collaboration could innovate businesses' workflow
The Architect's Guide: A Modern Data Lake Reference Architecture
[R] Zero Mean Leaky ReLu
Adobe's Firefly Services makes over 20 new generative and creative APIs available to developers
S&amp;P 500 Rally Gets a Costly Layer of Risk in Rise of Chipmakers
Apple Set to Unveil AI Strategy at June 10 Developers Conference
Kevin Systrom says AI news app Artifact will stay online for now due to taking  a lot less to run it than we had imagined , reversing a February shutdown date (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
BrainBox AI Launches ARIA: The World's First Generative AI-Powered Virtual Building Assistant
Apple's WWDC 2024 is set for June 10th
Delivering the Next Generation of Consumer Experiences: Databricks and Adobe Announce Strategic Partnership
gchq.github.io/CyberChef
Instagram co-founders' AI-powered news app Artifact may not be shutting down after all
Google Pushing Its Unsafe Search AI on Users Who Didn't Opt In
Apple WWDC 2024 set for June 10-14, promises to be 'A(bsolutely) I(ncredible)'
An interview with Adobe executives about training Firefly on content licensed specifically for AI training, the decision not to scrape the internet, and more (Melissa Heikkil&auml;/MIT Technology Review)
Sources: Stability AI was in a  death spiral  prior to Mostaque's resignation, due to talent departures, mismanagement, legal troubles, and dwindling resources (Bloomberg)
Apple schedules WWDC 2024 for June 10 to June 14 as a virtual event with a June 10 keynote, where Apple is expected to unveil its AI Strategy, iOS 18, and more (Juli Clover/MacRumors)
Stability AI CEO Exits Startup 'Hollowed Out' by Departures, Mismanagement
Would you trust big work-life decisions to an AI coach?
BlackMamba: Mixture of Experts for State-Space Models
OpenAI Offers Clue to Voice Assistant Plans
Adobe announces Custom Models, to let businesses customize Firefly models, and Firefly Services, a set of 20+ generative and creative APIs, tools, and services (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
How Do Different Generations View Artificial Intelligence?
Watch the crazy AI short films and videos created by artists with early access to OpenAI's Sora tool
Photoleap Review: The Best AI Photo Editor for Smartphones?
Five Sorting Algorithms That Ran The World
WWDC 2024 starts on June 10 with announcements about iOS 18 and beyond
Activeloop nets $11M to give enterprises a better way to leverage multimodal data for AI
Virtualitics Helps Oncologists Answer Tough Flu Question
Some good lecture videos on modern information retrieval [D]
HTML to PDF renderers: A simple comparison
Windows is under new management after Microsoft AI reshuffle
As the CEO of eBay, I keep employees productive by asking this simple question about our work
Model Evaluations Versus Task Evaluations
Has anyone tried the Gemini 1.5 Pro?
5 Ways to Strengthen the AI Acquisition Process
A look at MatX, which was founded by ex-Google engineers, has raised $25M, and hopes to design chips that are 10x faster than Nvidia's GPUs at training LLMs (Ashlee Vance/Bloomberg)
Job seekers be like
Apple confirms WWDC 2024 for June 10 - will AI steal the show?
Ousted Founder of Stability AI Seen Meeting With Microsoft CEO
$COOKIE, The Cookie3 MarketingFi Ecosystem Token, To Launch On ChainGPT Pad And Polkastarter
How AI is Redefining Education for Good
GitHub Unveils an AI-Powered Tool to Automatically Fix Code Vulnerabilities
ACL 2024 Reviews [Discussion]
5 Best Digital Billboard Advertising Companies
[R] LLM Agent Operating System - Rutgers University 2024 - AIOS
OpenAI has new features in the pipeline for GPT-4 and DALL-E 3
Google's VideoPrism is a versatile AI model for general-purpose video understanding
Did/do you all have great mentors or peers?
Adobe introduces structure reference for Firefly AI and GenStudio for brands
Apple Hints at iOS 18 AI Announcements Coming at WWDC 2024
Artists Take Sora for a Test Drive While OpenAI Courts Hollywood for Text-to-Video
Top 5 learnings from a year with LLMs   in a business environment
MIT researchers develop new method for single-pass AI image generation
NEC Develops Marketing Strategy Planning & Effectiveness Simulation Technology Using Generative AI
Vibrant Planet uses AI for land mapping and improving climate resiliency
EU Warns Election Deepfakes Start to Surface in Member Nations
Eleven minutes a day is enough for an AI breakthrough, Microsoft says
Calgary startups embrace AI technology: 'We've only scratched the surface'
Is AI the Future of NPCs?
AI In Web3 User Acquisition: Exploring Bonus Block And DIA
Can AI Replace Writers? Exploring the Impact of AI Content Tools
This AI Paper from China Proposes a Lightweight Machine Learning Method that Enhances Scalable Structural Inference and Dynamic Prediction Accuracy
Elon Musk says all Premium subscribers on X will gain access to AI chatbot Grok this week
Advanced Prompt Processing in Java : Parallel Processing, Data Conversion and more..
Airtable brings AI summarization to paying users
Mamba Architecture: What Is It and Can It Beat Transformers?
Zuckerberg Emailing Google Employees, Asking Them to Work for Facebook Instead
Microsoft's new era of AI PCs will need a Copilot key, says Intel
How to Disable Copilot in Windows 11?
SoftPatch: A Memory-Based Unsupervised Anomaly Detection AD Method that Efficiently Denoises the Data at the Patch Level
How to improve your RAG system for more efficient question-answering
Testing LLMs for Performance with Service Mocking
Intel chases smaller code shops with expanded AI PC dev program, NUC kit
Supercharge Your Data Science Career: Strategies for Solid Foundation
Constructions Are So Difficult That Even Large Language Models Get Them Right for the Wrong Reasons
Don't Listen To Me: Understanding and Exploring Jailbreak Prompts of Large Language Models
10 Methods for Vertical Alignment Using CSS
Exploring Representational Disparities Between Multilingual and Bilingual Translation Models
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 18/03 to 24/03
From Chatbots to AI Routing: An Essay
FrugalGPT and Reducing LLM Operating Costs
Exploring LLMs as a Source of Targeted Synthetic Textual Data to Minimize High Confidence Misclassifications
Othering and low status framing of immigrant cuisines in US restaurant reviews and large language models
Meet Zep: An AI Research Startup Adding Long-Term Memory to Your AI Assistant
High-order Joint Constituency and Dependency Parsing
Apple Vision Pro is Just an Autonomous Vehicle on Steroids
ArabicaQA: A Comprehensive Dataset for Arabic Question Answering
Apple's WWDC 2024 set for 10 June: Will it feature an AI update?
First Tragedy, then Parse: History Repeats Itself in the New Era of Large Language Models
California looks to Europe to rein in AI
UCxn: Typologically Informed Annotation of Constructions Atop Universal Dependencies
'Psychopathic' Manitoba AI Easter Bunny 'maybe just dealing with a lot,' says creator
Once Upon a 'Sora' in Hollywood
Breakthrough startup could help train AI 100 times faster while cutting energy use
Spanish Resource Grammar version 2023
Graph Language Model (GLM): A new graph-based approach to detect social instabilities
Do large language models resemble humans in language use?
Efficient Document Embeddings via Self-Contrastive Bregman Divergence Learning
Disambiguate Entity Matching through Relation Discovery with Large Language Models
Leverage OpenAI Tool calling: Building a reliable AI Agent from Scratch
High-throughput Biomedical Relation Extraction for Semi-Structured Web Articles Empowered by Large Language Models
Provably Secure Disambiguating Neural Linguistic Steganography
BBC exterminates AI experiments used to promote Doctor Who
Continual Adapter Tuning (CAT): A Parameter-Efficient Machine Learning Framework that Avoids Catastrophic Forgetting and Enables Knowledge Transfer from Learned ASC Tasks to New ASC Tasks
AI music is getting really good  Suno instrumentals go so hard  This is country meets trap featuring harmonica
[D] Rethinking the Importance of Data Quality in Machine Learning
How to Create a Fake OpenAI Server Using llama.cpp: Step-by-Step Guide
MEDPSeg: Hierarchical polymorphic multitask learning for the segmentation of ground-glass opacities, consolidation, and pulmonary structures on computed tomography
Accelerating Graph Neural Networks on Real Processing-In-Memory Systems
Microsoft Shakes Up Leadership Roles as AI Gains Precedence
GPT-4 Is Too Smart To Be Safe: Stealthy Chat with LLMs via Cipher
Large language models could 'revolutionsise the finance sector within two years'
Can multiple-choice questions really be useful in detecting the abilities of LLMs?
[D] Is Synthetic Data a Reliable Option for Training Machine Learning Models?
A look at the international battles to regulate AI, as nations, lobbyists, and tech companies vie for influence over the future of AI policy (Politico)
Exploration of How Large Language Models Navigate Decision Making with Strategic Prompt Engineering and Summarization
The Grok chatbot will soon be enabled for X Premium users, Elon Musk says
Topic Detection and Tracking with Time-Aware Document Embeddings
Training BERT Models to Carry Over a Coding System Developed on One Corpus to Another
Optimal Data Splitting in Distributed Optimization for Machine Learning
Language Models (Mostly) Do Not Consider Emotion Triggers When Predicting Emotion
Visual Grounding Helps Learn Word Meanings in Low-Data Regimes
ChroniclingAmericaQA: A Large-scale Question Answering Dataset based on Historical American Newspaper Pages
Reiji Miyajima, the artist behind the Manga and Anime  Rent a Girlfriend , trained a model using his own art.
Learning-based Axial Video Motion Magnification
AI and Generative AI for Research Discovery and Summarization
Why You Should Never Use Cross-Validation
Data Streaming Architecture
Learning Transfers over Several Programming Languages
Mark Zuckerberg and Jensen Huang just gave us a Meta-Nvidia crossover we never saw coming
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/26/2024
Large Language Model for Multi-objective Evolutionary Optimization
Joint Learning Neuronal Skeleton and Brain Circuit Topology with Permutation Invariant Encoders for Neuron Classification
MediaTek has the Tech to Power Any Devices in the World
Advancing Topic Segmentation and Outline Generation in Chinese Texts: The Paragraph-level Topic Representation, Corpus, and Benchmark
Steampipe dashboards and benchmarks for your data
AI 'apocalypse' could take away almost 8m jobs in UK, says report
TwoStep: Multi-agent Task Planning using Classical Planners and Large Language Models
UK Stands to Lose 8 Million Jobs From AI, Analysis Warns
BAN-PL: a Novel Polish Dataset of Banned Harmful and Offensive Content from Wykop.pl web service
Aligning Large Language Models for Enhancing Psychiatric Interviews through Symptom Delineation and Summarization
Measuring Entrainment in Spontaneous Code-switched Speech
Intel shares Microsoft's  AI PC  requirements, such as including a Copilot key, and expands its AI PC acceleration program to help devs and hardware vendors (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
Unleashing the Emergent Cognitive Synergy in Large Language Models: A Task-Solving Agent through Multi-Persona Self-Collaboration
[R] AIOS: LLM Agent Operating System
Verbing Weirds Language (Models): Evaluation of English Zero-Derivation in Five LLMs
Apple Vision Pro is Just an In-Built Autonomous Vehicle on Steroids
Can Large Language Models Discern Evidence for Scientific Hypotheses? Case Studies in the Social Sciences
AI's Thirst for Power: Can Nuclear Fusion Quench It?
Coimagining the Future of Voice Assistants with Cultural Sensitivity
Understanding Performance of Long-Document Ranking Models through Comprehensive Evaluation and Leaderboarding
PrivateGPT: A Production-Ready AI Project that Allows You to Ask Questions About Your Documents Using the Power of Large Language Models (LLMs) Even without Internet
MineOS unveils AI Asset Discovery
MLOps and DevOps: Collaborating for Vector Database Excellence in Machine Learning Projects
A lot of what you're hearing about AI is pure hype
Meet the 21-Year-Old Creator of Devika, the Indian Open Source Devin Alternative
Meta Says Limits on Sharing AI Technology May Dim US Influence
Nvidia Catapults EM Stock Picker to Top Ranking and Irks Rivals
AI is going to replace programmers - Now what?
Nvidia is about to face its first major threat as rivals target its special sauce
Three AI-Crypto Firms Are Said to Near Deal to Merge Tokens
Neo4j collaborates with Microsoft to Advance GenAI and Data Solutions
IPPR: 8M UK careers at risk of 'job apocalypse' from AI
Elie Hassenfeld Q&A: '$5,000 to Save a Life Is a Bargain'
Astronomer unveils New Capabilities in Astro
Intel-Led Coalition Launches UXL Foundation to Rival Nvidia's AI Dominance
Productivity platform Airtable launches Airtable AI, adding AI summaries, categorization, and translation via GPT-3.5, GPT-4, and Anthropic's Claude (Emilia David/The Verge)
Deepfake Video of Republican Senate Candidate Raises Concerns
The CRAZIEST LLM Fine-Tuning I've seen, And It WORKS!!!
8 Million Jobs in the UK at Risk Due to AI Advancements, Report Warns
SIGNIFICANCE OF PHYTHON VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT
Four things you need to know about China's AI talent pool
How to Evaluate Generative Image Models
AI chatbots are improving at an even faster rate than computer chips
New Research Highlights GenAI as an Increasing Priority for Analytics Community
Will a Google-Apple deal kill Microsoft's AI dominance?
Visa Adds New AI Tools to Help Fight Digital Fraud on Payments
Stability AI Introduces Stable Code: A General Purpose Base Code Language Model
This new AI tool from Adobe gives you more control over image generation
Elon Musk Mandates Test Drives of Tesla's Flawed Driving System
HETAL: New Privacy-Preserving Method for Transfer Learning with Homomorphic Encryption
US companies invest big in AI, but measuring success remains a challenge
Netflix Uses Metaflow to Manage Hundreds of AI/ML Applications at Scale
Xi Slams 'Technological Barriers' During Dutch Premier's Visit
Andrej Karpathy Says the Pathway to AGI is Through a Language Model Operating System
MIT Researchers Use Large Language Models to Give Robots Common Sense
Appen launches solution for enterprises to customize LLMs
The Download: the problem with plug-in hybrids, and China's AI talent
Strategies for Implementing Responsible AI Governance and Risk Management
Salesforce Paid $20 Million for the Face of Its AI Strategy
Vanderbilt University Establishing College of Connected Computing
[N] Introducing DBRX: A New Standard for Open LLM
Utah Passes Legislation Regulating Use of Artificial Intelligence
Chronos: The Latest Time Series Forecasting Foundation Model by Amazon
Claude takes the top spot in AI chatbot ranking   finally knocking GPT-4 down to second place
Google wants to use generative AI to build travel itineraries for your vacations
1.5M UK jobs now at risk from AI, report finds
Samsung Brings Galaxy AI to Older Devices, Free Until 'End of 2025'
Scientists think 'collective AI' will resemble Star Trek's Borg   only nicer (hopefully)
Why the AI Hyperrealists at Databricks Spent $10 Million to Beat Meta's LLM
Q&A: The flip side of safety is an attack on privacy regulating face recognition technology
First Model-Stealing Attack Reveals Secrets of Black-Box Production Language Models
Stability AI founder's jokes about Satya Nadella's influence have a dark truth to them
StyleTTS2: A Quest To Improve Zero-Shot Performance
[P] Insta Face Swap
First Look: Samsung's 4K, 8K QLED and OLED TVs Are Some of the Best TVs for Gamers
Orchard vision system turns farm equipment into AI-powered data collectors
Nvidia's Blackwell GPU Offers FP4, Transformer Engine, Sharp
UPDATE #3: I built an app to make my job search a little more sane, and I thought others might like it too! No ads, no recruiter spam, etc.
AI Is Making Financial Fraud Easier and More Sophisticated, US Treasury Warns
Sources: blockchain AI companies SingularityNET, Fetch.ai, and Ocean Protocol are discussing merging their tokens, creating ASI with a ~$7.5B diluted value (Michelle F Davis/Bloomberg)
NVIDIA H200 Tensor Core GPUs and NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM Set MLPerf LLM Inference Records
Chartpack: Not AI - other new tech trends to inform your product's strategy
At Intel's AI Summit in Taipei, executives say Copilot will soon run locally on PCs and that there will be a 40 TOPS requirement for NPUs on next-gen AI PCs (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
AI and Payments: Is There Room Beyond IDV, Fraud, and KYC?
Cyvl.ai is bringing data-driven solutions to transportation infrastructure
Viam closes $45M Series B funding
'Megalomaniac, difficult to work with': Why Silicon Valley VCs are now avoiding Sam Altman
How to Fix Langchain Hub Pull Error
Sergey Brin personally called a Google employee to convince them to turn down a job at OpenAI: report
Google adds Gemini AI to SMS successor RCS Messaging
Text Embeddings, Classification, and Semantic Search
Create Mixtures of Experts with MergeKit
SEOGenius   Crafted with ChatGPT
SADA achieves 300%+ increase in Generative AI and ML Projects in 2023
At GDC 2024, tech companies offer a glimpse of AI-powered characters
Source: Salesforce paid $20M+ to license Einstein's image in a 2016 deal, hoping to gain an edge in the AI market; proceeds go to Jerusalem's Hebrew University (Brody Ford/Bloomberg)
Datalike: Interview with Mariza Ferro
7 Steps to Mastering Large Language Model Fine-tuning
Financial sector embraces generative AI and expects widespread adoption in two years, study finds
Databricks Creates History with GPT-4-Level Open-Source Model
Century Health, now with $2M, taps AI to give pharma access to good patient data
A comprehensive introduction to GraphQL: for efficient data queries and mutations
Introducing DBRX: A New State-of-the-Art Open LLM
Community products: Reflections & looking ahead
[P] Hybrid-Net: Real-time audio source separation, generate lyrics, chords, beat.
AlgoKit   Python Toolkit for Blockchain
Anthropic's Claude 3 replaces OpenAI's GPT-4 as most popular user-rated LLM
AI Rally Expands Beyond Nvidia as Investors Bid Up Hardware
The DBRX system prompt
Google adds more AI in shopping
How tech companies' search for AI experts, hampered by a shortage of candidates, led to million-dollar-a-year pay packages, poaching entire teams, and more (Katherine Bindley/Wall Street Journal)
You can now use Gemini in Google Messages, if you're among the lucky few
Google adds AI-generated trip itineraries to Search, translation to Circle to Search, and curated recommendations in Maps in 40+ cities across the US and Canada (Jess Weatherbed/The Verge)
Microsoft unveils seven new AI features to level up your meetings
Inside the AI talent-hiring frenzy
DoorDash Poaches AI Startup Talent to Bolster Voice Ordering
A survey of 10,133 US adults: 43% of those aged 18-29 used ChatGPT in February 2024, up from 33% in July 2023, compared to 27% of 30-49 and 23% of all adults (Colleen McClain/Pew Research Center)
Databricks' open-source DBRX LLM beats Llama 2, Mixtral, and Grok
Generative AI Health Care Startup Raises $53M, Brings Valuation to $500M
Navigating artificial intelligence in 2024
Claude 3 Haiku Crash Course
Deploying My First AI AGENT in Production!
DBRX: MOST POWERFUL Open Source LLM - NEW @Databricks
#178 Terry Sejnowski: The Role Of Neural Networks in Advancing AI
How to give up on the job search fast
The Fully Connected AI Conference: April 18th , 2024
How to Identify Deepfake Videos Like a Fact-Checker
Python Selenium Architecture and Selenium Virtual environment significance
Announcing DBRX: A new standard for efficient open source LLMs
Random Walks Are Strange and Beautiful
A.I. Leaders Press Advantage With Congress as China Tensions Rise
The king is dead  Claude 3 surpasses GPT-4 on Chatbot Arena for the first time
Quantum AI Model Improves Early Cyber Threat Detection
The Rise of Diffusion Models   A new Era of Generative Deep Learning
Databricks CEO Says Competition Spurred High-Profile Exit at Snowflake
The Business Guide to Tailoring Language AI
OPZ Launches AI-Powered Wallet On iOS/Android And Raises $200K+ Within Hours
Amazon plans to invest $2.75B in Anthropic, the second tranche of Amazon's planned $4B investment in the AI startup, after a $1.25B tranche in September 2023 (CNBC)
NVIDIA Hopper Leads in Generative AI Inference at MLPerf Results
Day 2   Azure Open AI Challenge: Image Generation
Open-source timepicker components for Tailwind CSS
AI vs Humans: Stay Relevant or Face the Music
UCL spinout bags 10M to make AI 'super brains' for 100x faster LLM training
Amazon Adds $2.75 Billion to its Stake in Anthropic
Chip Startup Celestial AI Lands Massive $175M  Series C
Intel Gaudi 2 Remains Only Benchmarked Alternative to NV H100 for GenAI Performance
Amazon Invests $2.75 Billion in AI Startup Anthropic
Step-by-Step Guide to Time Series Visualization Using Plotnine
[P] Run AI & ML workflows locally from your Mac desktop
OpenAI Kick Starts its GPT Earnings Programme in the US
Real-time Twitch chat sentiment analysis with Apache Flink
Real Product Data Scientist Interview Questions at Lyft - A Compilation from GlassDoor
Intersect Multiple 3D Lines (Closest Point)
Adobe announces custom Firefly models and new prompting features
Vision Foundation Models: When Does Size Matter?
split() and vsplit() in PyTorch
Joe Regensburger, VP of Research, Immuta   Interview Series
Electric, poignant, exquisitely written: inside the inaugural Women's prize for nonfiction shortlist
Forget OpenAI's ChatGPT, Hume AI's Empathetic Voice Interface (EVI) Might Be the Next Big Thing in AI!
This robot predicts when you're going to smile   and smiles back
Canva's Affinity acquisition is a subscription-based weapon against Adobe
Nvidia Tops Llama 2, Stable Diffusion Speed Trials
Fine-Tune and Align LLMs Easily with NVIDIA NeMo Customizer
Is it just me, or have there been a lot of data science job postings lately that require skills in data engineering?
OpenAI's launches program to pay developers based on usage of their GPT models
AI: What is it Good For?
Meet five startups using AI for good
Aligning Beliefs and Profession: Using R in Protecting the Penobscot Nation's Traditional Lifeways
NY-based Hume, which is building a conversational AI that it claims can interpret emotions based on people's voices, raised a $50M Series B at a $219M valuation (Rashi Shrivastava/Forbes)
AI Coding: The Ultimate Guide to Enhancing Your Development Workflow
Can OpenAI go the way of AOL, Yahoo and MySpace? It has been alleged that they have no patents and their market is completely open to competition. What do you reckon? AOL was at 200 billion, dominating the entire internet, OpenAI is now at 86 billion
I Crafted SEOGenius for ChatGPT, Taking the Legwork Out of Search Optimizing
Amazon invests four billion dollars in OpenAI competitor Anthropic
Amazon pours additional $2.75bn into AI startup Anthropic
Databricks unveils DBRX, a general purpose large language model
Scale and Curate High-Quality Datasets for LLM Training with NVIDIA NeMo Curator
Building a Document-Driven Chatbot with LangChain: The Ultimate Guide
Don't tell Gen Z the ChatGPT hype bubble is over
Noetik appoints Dr. Shafique Virani as Chief Business Officer
Intel, Microsoft discuss plans to run Copilot locally on PCs instead of in the cloud
MIT Researchers Combine Robot Motion Data with Language Models to Improve Task Execution
Streamline Evaluation of LLMs for Accuracy with NVIDIA NeMo Evaluator
New Self-Paced Course: Accelerate Data Science Workflows with Zero Code Changes
10 Things AI Chatbots Can Do Besides Yap
I'm letting AI mop my floors now, and I'm not going back
Robotic face makes eye contact, uses AI to anticipate and replicate a person's smile before it occurs
Amazon finishes pumping $4B into AI darling Anthropic
MLCommons announces results from its MLPerf 4.0 inference benchmarks, which added Llama 2 70B and Stable Diffusion XL; systems with Nvidia GPUs came out on top (Samuel K. Moore/IEEE Spectrum)
Microsoft unveils Copilot for Azure SQL Database
Text translation using Azure OpenAI Translator in a NestJS application
Thoughts on Academia and Industry in Machine Learning Research
The new MacBook Air M3 is $100 off for the first time
Develop Custom Enterprise Generative AI with NVIDIA NeMo
GPT-4 loses its position as  best  LLM to Claude-3 in LMSYS benchmark
Researchers at Microsoft Propose AllHands: A Novel Machine Learning Framework Designed for Large-Scale Feedback Analysis Through a Natural Language Interface
The shift from custom NLP models to LLM providers
Apple Users Are Getting Bombarded With 'Reset Password' Requests
AI 'apocalypse' could take away almost 8M jobs in UK, says report
Amazon pours an additional $2.75 billion into AI startup Anthropic
Should I learn NLP with scikit_learn or transformers along with Pytorch?
How I Got 1,000 Paid Subscribers on Substack
Efficient CUDA Debugging: Using NVIDIA Compute Sanitizer with NVIDIA Tools Extension and Creating Custom Tools
DBRX: Databricks' Latest AI Innovation! Game Changer or Just Another Player in Open LLMs?
Anthropic's Claude 3 Opus surpassed OpenAI's GPT-4 for the first time on Chatbot Arena, a crowdsourced leaderboard used by AI researchers for LLM evaluations (Benj Edwards/Ars Technica)
Elon Musk's Neuralink brain implant to ultimately help humans merge with AI is sparking debate over safety and ethics
Amazon doubles down on Anthropic, completing its planned $4B investment
MIT scientists have just figured out how to make the most popular AI image generators 30 times faster
[D] What is the state-of-the-art for 1D signal cleanup?
TOXCL: A Unified Artificial Intelligence Framework for the Detection and Explanation of Implicit Toxic Speech
Maximizing Your Data Migration Investment
Microsoft and Intel nail down what an  AI PC  is, Copilot to run locally soon on PCs
How Remote Patient Monitoring and AI Personalize Care
Learning from interaction with Microsoft Copilot (web)
Oregon signs right to repair into law
Ricoh's New GR III HDF and GR IIIx HDF Cameras Feature a Dreamy Filter
Dumb question but do data scientists make an effort to automate there work?
DBRX: The new best open model and Databricks' ML strategy
MicroStrategy Fleshes Out AI-for-BI Strategy, Bets Big On Bitcoin
Limited data, need help with analysis
Robot, can you say 'cheese'?
Found a company asking for high school certificates for a Data Scientist role.
HWiNFO 8.00 adds a new FPS and system statistics overlay
Python's Collection Module for Specialized Data Structures
Causal inference question
AI Startup Cohere Nears Deal to Raise Funds at $5 Billion Valuation
This AI Paper from Microsoft Present SiMBA: A Simplified Mamba-based Architecture for Vision and Multivariate Time Series
Celestial AI, which develops optical tech for linking together processors and memory modules, raised a $175M Series C led by US Innovative Technology Fund (Maria Deutscher/SiliconANGLE)
Mamba Explained
Researchers at Stanford University Expose Systemic Biases in AI Language Models
Thousands of servers hacked in ongoing attack targeting Ray AI framework
[D] Are data structures and leetcode needed for Machine Learning Researcher/Engineer jobs and interviews?
Improving Attributed Text Generation of Large Language Models via Preference Learning
Evaluation of Semantic Search and its Role in Retrieved-Augmented-Generation (RAG) for Arabic Language
GlotScript: A Resource and Tool for Low Resource Writing System Identification
From Text to Source: Results in Detecting Large Language Model-Generated Content
Mark Zuckerberg says Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang is basically the Taylor Swift of tech
Adapting Knowledge for Few-shot Table-to-Text Generation
AI computer vision startup Robovision raises $42m from Target Global to scale in the US
Towards a World-English Language Model for On-Device Virtual Assistants
Vector Database solutions on AWS
The Invalsi Benchmark: measuring Language Models Mathematical and Language understanding in Italian
Improving Content Recommendation: Knowledge Graph-Based Semantic Contrastive Learning for Diversity and Cold-Start Users
StealthMole raises $7M Series A for its AI-powered dark web intelligence platform
Dual Instruction Tuning with Large Language Models for Mathematical Reasoning
8 things most data science programs don't teach (but you should know)   Part 2
A Few-Shot Learning Focused Survey on Recent Named Entity Recognition and Relation Classification Methods
Robovision raises $42M to accelerate AI-powered industrial automation
MD-PK: Metaphor Detection via Prompt Learning and Knowledge Distillation
A Path Towards Legal Autonomy: An interoperable and explainable approach to extracting, transforming, loading and computing legal information using large language models, expert systems and Bayesian networks
\\'{I}r\\'{o}y\\'{i}nSpeech: A multi-purpose Yor\\'{u}b\\'{a} Speech Corpus
DELTA: Pre-train a Discriminative Encoder for Legal Case Retrieval via Structural Word Alignment
Since the Scientific Literature Is Multilingual, Our Models Should Be Too
Intel: Microsoft AI PCs need a Copilot Key
Comparing Pre-trained Human Language Models: Is it Better with Human Context as Groups, Individual Traits, or Both?
Learning new language in context with chatGPT
Rejection Improves Reliability: Training LLMs to Refuse Unknown Questions Using RL from Knowledge Feedback
Self-Contrast: Better Reflection Through Inconsistent Solving Perspectives
Is Modularity Transferable? A Case Study through the Lens of Knowledge Distillation
AI hallucinates software packages and devs download them   even if potentially poisoned with malware
Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Large Language Models: A Survey
Merge pull request #1757 from simonw/heic-heif
Apple's iPhone Maker Sets Record High Amid AI Mania
CheckEval: Robust Evaluation Framework using Large Language Model via Checklist
Good, but not always Fair: An Evaluation of Gender Bias for three commercial Machine Translation Systems
Chinese Offensive Language Detection:Current Status and Future Directions
Incorporating simulated spatial context information improves the effectiveness of contrastive learning models
Projective Methods for Mitigating Gender Bias in Pre-trained Language Models
SSM Meets Video Diffusion Models: Efficient Video Generation with Structured State Spaces
Compared Effect Of Image Captioning For SDXL Fine-tuning / DreamBooth Training for a Single Person, 10.3 GB VRAM via OneTrainer
Diamond Valley? Silicon semiconductors face a run for their money
MongoDB has Over 3,000 Customers in India and Growing
AcTED: Automatic Acquisition of Typical Event Duration for Semi-supervised Temporal Commonsense QA
Exploring language relations through syntactic distances and geographic proximity
Researchers from Tsinghua University Proposes a Novel Slide Loss Function to Enhance SVM Classification for Robust Machine Learning
Leftover-Lunch: Advantage-based Offline Reinforcement Learning for Language Models
Improved Neural Protoform Reconstruction via Reflex Prediction
CARE: Co-Attention Network for Joint Entity and Relation Extraction
Few-Shot Detection of Machine-Generated Text using Style Representations
IterAlign: Iterative Constitutional Alignment of Large Language Models
Data Science for Sustainability    Simulate a Circular Economy
A survey on learning models of spiking neural membrane systems and spiking neural networks
Fast Dynamic 3D Object Generation from a Single-view Video
CYCLE: Learning to Self-Refine the Code Generation
Exploring the Deceptive Power of LLM-Generated Fake News: A Study of Real-World Detection Challenges
[D] Machine Learning On The Edge
Nintex introduces AI-Powered Automation Capabilities
Sentiment Analysis in Finance: From Transformers Back to eXplainable Lexicons (XLex)
Compositional Inductive Invariant Based Verification of Neural Network Controlled Systems
BlendX: Complex Multi-Intent Detection with Blended Patterns
RankMamba, Benchmarking Mamba's Document Ranking Performance in the Era of Transformers
Similarweb: GPTs created by subscribers on OpenAI's GPT Store accounted for just 1.5% of desktop visits to ChatGPT's site in February, suggesting limited appeal (Clara Murray/Financial Times)
BioMedLM: A 2.7B Parameter Language Model Trained On Biomedical Text
BLADE: Enhancing Black-box Large Language Models with Small Domain-Specific Models
Vulnerability Detection with Code Language Models: How Far Are We?
SDSAT: Accelerating LLM Inference through Speculative Decoding with Semantic Adaptive Tokens
TriviaHG: A Dataset for Automatic Hint Generation from Factoid Questions
Can LLMs Converse Formally? Automatically Assessing LLMs in Translating and Interpreting Formal Specifications
China AI Talent Rivals US
Scaling Laws For Dense Retrieval
Generative AI   Is A Gamechanger For Doctor-AI-Patient Relationships
Bain Eyes New Backers for Multibillion-Dollar China Data-Center Firm Chindata
Debiasing Sentence Embedders through Contrastive Word Pairs
Security Concerns Slow GenAI Adoption Among World's Largest Companies
PEMA: An Offsite-Tunable Plug-in External Memory Adaptation for Language Models
The Role of Symmetry Breaking in Machine Learning: A Study on Equivariant Functions and E-MLPs
InfoCTM: A Mutual Information Maximization Perspective of Cross-Lingual Topic Modeling
India's AI community has a Big reason to celebrate! #yotta
North Dakota State Officials Discuss Pros and Cons of AI Implementation
Agricultural AI Sensors: Orchard Robotics Raises $3.2M
How Large Language Models Are Revolutionizing Finance
How to Build a RAG Application for Multi-Speaker Audio Data
Databricks claims its open source foundational LLM outsmarts GPT-3.5
Meet Open Interpreter: An Open-Source Project that Lets GPT-4 Execute Python Code Locally
EIC Scaling Club announces its first 48 European deeptech scaleups
A profile of Anduril founder Palmer Luckey, as the AI surveillance and defense tech startup, which sells drones to the US, expects $1B in annual revenue by 2026 (Tabby Kinder/Financial Times)
Evaluating LLM Compression: Balancing Efficiency, Trustworthiness, and Ethics in AI-Language Model Development
[P] deit3-jax: A codebase for training ViTs on TPUs
Top Artificial Intelligence Books to Read in 2024
Language is the OS of the Future
AWS Teams Up with Minfy for Cloud and AI Boost through Global Expansion
Recall to Imagine (R2I): A New Machine Learning Approach that Enhances Long-Term Memory by Incorporating State Space Models into Model-based Reinforcement Learning (MBRL)
Making generative AI free and accessible for open source developers
Hume AI announces $50 Mn Fundraise and Empathic Voice Interface
MyShell Raises $11 Million For Its Decentralized AI Consumer Layer
The White House Puts New Guardrails on Government Use of AI
The White House lays out extensive AI guidelines for the federal government
Amazon strengthens Anthropic ties with $2.75bn investment
Every US federal agency must hire a chief AI officer
Coro, building cybersecurity for SMBs, locks down $100M at a $750M valuation
The US OMB releases new guidance on AI, requiring all federal agencies to have a senior leader overseeing all AI systems they use and submit an annual AI report (Emilia David/The Verge)
New York City welcomes robotaxis   but only with safety drivers
Meta's Ray-Ban Smart Glasses Use AI to See, Hear and Speak. What Are They Like?
Geekplus and Hy-Tek Intralogistics partner on large e-commerce project
What's next for generative video
Enterprise Search and Retrieval Demystified: A Guide for RAG Users
Scale AI's Remotasks platform is dropping whole countries without explanation
Amazon Bets $150 Billion on Data Centers Required for AI Boom
Researchers at Rutgers University Propose AIOS: An LLM Agent Operating System that Embeds Large Language Model into Operating Systems (OS) as the Brain of the OS
Some of Silicon Valley's biggest names are wading into the battle for AI expertise
xAI Opens Grok as an Open-Source Model
How to Optimize GPU Usage During Model Training With neptune.ai
Hugging Face Introduces Cosmopedia To Create Large-Scale Synthetic Data For Pre-Training
Heard on the Street   3/28/2024
At a DC event on May 1, over 100 tech CEOs and investors plan to lobby against AI regulation, ask to relax immigration rules, and drum up hawkishness on China (Cecilia Kang/New York Times)
Boutique startup studio super{set} gets another $90 million to co-found data and AI companies
AI/ML - Langchain4j - Chat Memory
Top Cities in the US for Data Scientists in terms of Salary vs Cost of Living
[Discussion] My boss asked me to give a presentation about - AI for data-science
Neuralink would Need up to a Million Electrodes to Make Humans Immortal
Literary Theory for Robots by Dennis Yi Tenen review   the deep roots of AI
LatentView Analytics Acquires Decision Point Analytics for Generative AI Solutions
New deepfake demos show we can no longer trust online video
Qorvis names Al Black as Partner, Technology and Public Sector
Edge 381: Google DeepMind's PrompBreeder Self-Improves Prompts
Mastering Python for Data Science: Beyond the Basics
Amazon invests $2.75 billion more in Open AI-rival Anthropic
This year's top 8 use cases for AI, and what tech professionals need to support them
How to Detect and Clean up Data Contamination in LLMs
Uh oh &mdash; it looks like ChatGPT's AI model got lazy again
Data Science Hiring Process at Confluent
New Opensource LLM beats Mixtral and Llama-2
US federal agencies must have a chief AI officer under new order
Afraid of outgrowing AWS Rekognition? Try YOLO in Lambda.
Ray-Ban Meta glasses hands-on: AI features coming in April, triggered by  Hey, Meta , are sometimes impressive and helpful, but the AI often gets things wrong (New York Times)
Accenture makes strategic investment in Sanctuary AI
Interview with Francesca Rossi   talking sustainable development goals, AI regulation, and AI ethics
US federal agencies must appoint chief AI officers, according to new guidelines
Roadmap from AI Startup to Long-Term Success
The Intersection of LLMs, Knowledge Graphs, and Query Generation
Anatomy of a Software 3.0 Company // Sarah Guo // AI in Production Keynote
Building the Next Generation of Reliable AI // Shreya Rajpal // AI in Production Keynote
We can make India world's first data AI-driven economy - Databricks India Head Anil Bhasin | AIM
First emotionally intelligent AI | Meet Hume's Empathic Voice Interface | Human-like conversations
Amritha Arun Babu and Abhik Choudhury MLOps Podcast
White House sets policies for federal AI use
Sloan's Inbox: How do you ask for help?
The Download: the future of AI moviemaking, and what to know about plug-in hybrids
Cant land a job in Data Science
Microsoft rolls out Azure AI Studio tools to stop users from making AI chatbots behave in unintended ways, including  prompt shields  and warning alerts (Jackie Davalos/Bloomberg)
AI revolution in cybersecurity: Palo Alto's vision unveiled
AI Frontiers: Rethinking intelligence with Ashley Llorens and Ida Momennejad
Best Supplementary Texts for Casella and Berger are  Introduction to Probability  (first half) and  The Simple and Infinite Joy of Mathematical Statistics  (second half)
What Google's New AI Fruit Fly Can Teach Us about Real Behavior
Coding with LLMs, Learning Math, Data Science Freelancing, and Other March Must-Reads
How three filmmakers created Sora's latest stunning videos
Microsoft Copilot AI will soon run locally on PCs
Microsoft Creates Tools to Stop People From Tricking Chatbots
Second round of seed grants awarded to MIT scholars studying the impact and applications of generative AI
Real-Time Irish Transit Analytics
Meta is adding AI to its Ray-Ban smart glasses next month
Report Warns AI Could Cause  Jobs Apocalypse
YouTube is Testing AI Feature That Skips to 'Best Parts' of Videos
The 7 Best AI Tools for Data Science Workflow
Surprise! Google will let the Pixel 8 run on-device AI after all
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #18
Amazon Kindle Lock Screens Are Showing Ads for AI-Generated Books
AI in material science: the modern alchemy
Google will soon roll out on-device AI-powered features on Pixel 8
Vanta launched support for the ISO 42001 standard
It's Not Your Imagination   A.I. Chatbots Lean to the Left. This Quiz Reveals Why.
Google.org launches $20M generative AI accelerator program
Unlocking the Secrets of AI Mind Reading
Thinking of dipping out of DS for an MBA. Legit looking for advice.
New Causal ML book (free! online!)
Retrieval-Augmented Generation, aka RAG   How does it work?
Spotify courses, Airtable AI, Zoom Workplace
On Unsupervised Deep Learning
Customers complain that Copilot isn't as good as ChatGPT, Microsoft blames misunderstanding and misuse
AI21 Labs' new AI model can handle more context than most
Using AI for Work: New Open Source Gateway Promises Better Control
Another Get-Rich-Quick Scheme Using LLMs, RAG, Semantic Routing & Prompts Driven Feedback
Building Blocks of Transformers: Attention
Nvidia competes against itself in MLPerf benchmarks
DBRX: New open language model outperforms Elon Musk's Grok-1
Flirting with the Future:
The Six Golden Rules of AI for Analysts.
Announcing the State Reader API: The New  Statestore  Data Source
Microsoft is now offering FREE certification courses
Invest NI launches new 16.3m AI centre in Northern Ireland
Clarifai Leads in Computer Vision Tools Report by The Forrester Wave
Claude 3 overtakes GPT-4 in the duel of the AI bots. Here's how to get in on the action
An Afternoon with SVGs | Frontend Challenge Entry
What is a Lead Junior Data Analyst?
Cohere Embeddings Now Available Through Elastic's Inference API
Revolutionary biomimetic olfactory chips to enable advanced gas sensing and odor detection
Justin Trudeau deepfake ad promoting 'robot trader' pulled off YouTube
The end of hallucination (for those who can afford it)? [R]
Adobe shares sneak peeks of what its future generative AI products could look like
Google's charitable wing Google.org launches a generative AI accelerator, to be funded by $20M in grants and include 21 nonprofits to start, including Quill.org (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Open AI Challenge, Day 3: Mastering Code Generation
How is AI Shaping the Future of Social Media?
Amazon launches iOS and Android apps for Amazon One, which let users sign up for the palm-scanning service by using generative AI to analyze palm vein structure (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Accelerating Large Language Model Inference: Techniques for Efficient Deployment
Databricks claims DBRX sets 'a new standard' for open-source LLMs
TacticAI: Leveraging AI to Elevate Football Coaching and Strategy
NVIDIA Wants More Programming Languages to Support CUDA
In an ocean of white data, this founder is trying to make AI less biased. Just don't call it 'BlackGPT.'
LangFriend: a Journal with Long-Term Memory
How a Windows shake-up could position Microsoft to capitalize on AI PCs
Amazon Invests Another $2.75 Billion Into Anthropic
[D] A Little guide to building Large Language Models in 2024   75min lecture
Unveiling Sam Altman's Insights from Lex Fridman Interview
'Mamma Mia' Star Replaced by AI in BBC Project
KubeCon EU: Backstage, Crossplane and Others Preparing for CNCF Graduation
Nature is healing
Amping up Forecasts Time Series: Signature Transformation Method in Python. Part 1
Artificial intelligence boosts super-resolution microscopy
Is AI's next big leap understanding emotion? $50M for Hume says yes
Google.org launches $20 million funding program for generative AI projects
Lightning AI launches next-gen AI compiler 'Thunder' to accelerate model training
How to comply with evolving AI regulations
RAG Tools to Improve LLMs, Deep Learning for Time Series Analysis, and Implementing Responsible AI.
Google reverses course and brings its Gemini AI to the regular Pixel 8
Meta continues to advocate for open source AI
The Internet Can't Figure Out If This Woman is Real or AI-Generated
The Fusion of Robotics, AI, and AR/VR: A 2024 Revolution in Manufacturing
Embracing Composable Cloud is Key to Operationalizing AI
Palmer Luckey says Anduril is working on AI weapons that 'give us the ability to swiftly win any war'
Dutch Invest  2.5 Billion in Eindhoven to Keep ASML at Home
Why AI Can't Protect You from AI-Generated Attacks
Troubleshooting Large Language Models with Amber Roberts
Where Do EU Horizon H2020 Fundings Go?
Microsoft wants to stop you from using AI chatbots for evil
Learning to Rank   Contextual Item Recommendations for User Pairs
Responsible AI: Three tools to help businesses
Biden orders every US agency to appoint a chief AI officer
New report highlights global strategies for accelerating AI in science and research
[D] Stanford's BioMedLM Paper reported accuracy vs Evaluated accuracy: Doesn't make sense
VC Slams Sam Altman as  Megalomaniac
Gemini Nano is coming to the Pixel 8 after all, along with two new AI features
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 18/03 to 24/03
White House: Government Must Ensure AI Doesn't Affect People's Rights
The White House plans to regulate the government's use of AI
Australian report maps sovereign capability to build 'foundational' AI tech
What are Content Credentials? Here's why Adobe's new AI keeps this metadata front and center
Skyflow raises $30M more as AI spikes demand for its privacy business
Kubernetes and AI: Are They a Fit?
Challenges of Evaluating and Understanding Foundation models
Adaptive RAG: A retrieval technique to reduce LLM token cost for top-k Vector Index retrieval [R]
AI-Powered  Family Guy  Stream Devolves Into Endless Screaming
With GenAI adoption growing, more than 1500 journalism jobs have been cut so far in 2024
Building energy efficiency: Enhancing HVAC fault detection with transformer and transfer learning
AI PhDs are flocking to Big Tech   that could be bad news for open innovation
AI21 Labs juices up gen AI transformers with Jamba
Large Language Model Observability: The Breakdown
Top 6 Best GPTs for AI Productivity in 2024
Microsoft's Copilot AI set to operate locally on future PCs, says Intel
The Evolution of Language Models
Snowflake's Data Clean Room promises to ease analysis of PII data
AI21 Labs launches Jamba, an AI model that integrates two architectures: transformer and Mamba, which is based on the Structured State Space model (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Amazon Invests Billions in Anthropic as Claude 3 Outperforms GPT-4
NYC will test AI gun detectors on the subway
OpenAI Enhances Language Models with Fill-in-the-Middle Training: A Path to Advanced Infilling Capabilities
Scammers are using sample videos of influencers with modest social media presence to create AI deepfake ads that often push offensive products and ideas (Washington Post)
Data-Attributes Magic with Tailwind CSS & Stimulus
Comcast, Roblox Put Generative AI to Work, but Other Orgs Struggle
Uber Eats courier's fight against AI bias shows justice under UK law is hard won
Can we pit ai against each other in regular games of civilisation 6?
Generative AI develops potential new drugs for antibiotic-resistant bacteria
Do LLM Agents Have Regret? This Machine Learning Research from MIT and the University of Maryland Presents a Case Study on Online Learning and Games
'This Is a Sputnik Moment': NYC Is Adding AI Metal Detectors to the Subway
Q&A: How to train AI when you don't have enough data
MineOS aims to illuminate the AI 'black box' for enterprise
ROI4Presenter Becomes Pitch Avatar: From Online Presentations to an AI-Based Platform
Disillusioned Businesses Discovering That AI Kind of Sucks
Machine Learning Was Hard Until I Learned These 5 Secrets!
Microsoft's new safety system can catch hallucinations in its customers' AI apps
AutoBNN: Probabilistic time series forecasting with compositional bayesian neural networks
AI21 Labs Breaks New Ground with 'Jamba': The Pioneering Hybrid SSM-Transformer Large Language Model
New 'Machine Unlearning' Method Aims to Deal With Problematic AI Data
From paper to prod! A guide to improving your semantic search with HyDE
Stop out-of-control AI and focus on people, new book urges
US Government to Implement AI Safeguards for Federal Agencies
NYPD Purchases Expensive AI Metal Detectors That May or May Not Actually Work
Will AI Help or Hurt Humanity? Tech Employees Turn to Art for Answers
FuryGPU is an open source hardware GPU built from scratch
AI, but at what cost? The energy-inefficient AI era is already here
Unleashing generative AI's power: Secure the future of your enterprise at the Atlanta AI Impact Tour (April 10th)
[D] What's the purpose of the transpose in official LoRA implementation code?
This AI Paper Explores the Impact of Model Compression on Subgroup Robustness in BERT Language Models
A Real-World Case Study on Unleashing AI's Potential: AI in Supply Chain
The Things We Make
Snapchat's latest paid perk is an AI Bitmoji of your pet
Hillary Clinton: 2024 will be 'ground zero' for AI election manipulation
Introducing DeepMLeet: A New Challenge-Based Platform for Machine Learning & Deep Learning
Sources detail Grindr's push to monetize, including plans for an AI chatbot that can engage users in sexual conversations and may be trained on opt-in user data (Zo&euml; Schiffer/Platformer)
Researchers at the University of Maryland Propose a Unified Machine Learning Framework for Continual Learning (CL)
NYC is partnering with Evolv, a weapons detection company that has faced scrutiny over its machines' accuracy, to test AI-based gun detectors on the subway (Gaby Del Valle/The Verge)
Keys on Designing Machine Learning Models
MILL: Mutual Verification with Large Language Models for Zero-Shot Query Expansion
DoseDiff: Distance-aware Diffusion Model for Dose Prediction in Radiotherapy
When ML student struggle:
A Corpus for Sentence-level Subjectivity Detection on English News Articles
SambaNova Systems Sets New Artificial Intelligence AI Efficiency Record with Samba-CoE v0.2 and Upcoming Samba-CoE v0.3: Beating Databricks DBRX
Elon Musk's xAI still lags behind OpenAI and Anthropic with new Grok 1.5
A Comprehensive Study of Knowledge Editing for Large Language Models
Asymmetric and trial-dependent modeling: the contribution of LIA to SdSV Challenge Task 2
An inside look at Windows and Surface leadership changes that could help Microsoft capitalize on AI PCs and transition Surface devices to Arm chips (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Researchers from the University of York and Universit Paris-Saclay Introduce DeepKnowledge for Generalisation-Driven Deep Learning Testing
Risk prediction of pathological gambling on social media
The Role of Syntactic Span Preferences in Post-Hoc Explanation Disagreement
Efficiency Breakthroughs in LLMs: Combining Quantization, LoRA, and Pruning for Scaled-down Inference and Pre-training
Prompt Space Optimizing Few-shot Reasoning Success with Large Language Models
Promptly Predicting Structures: The Return of Inference
Sam Bankman-Fried's Sentencing and Amazon's AI Investment | Bloomberg Technology
Understanding Archives: Towards New Research Interfaces Relying on the Semantic Annotation of Documents
Microsoft unveils safety and security tools for generative AI
[D] How would you answer this interview question?
Would people be interested in a discord server/blog that aggregates papers posted here? [D]
LLMRefine: Pinpointing and Refining Large Language Models via Fine-Grained Actionable Feedback
Self-Prompting Large Language Models for Zero-Shot Open-Domain QA
Dataverse: Open-Source ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Pipeline for Large Language Models
BP4ER: Bootstrap Prompting for Explicit Reasoning in Medical Dialogue Generation
Mixed Preference Optimization: Reinforcement Learning with Data Selection and Better Reference Model
[P] Jamba: the first production-grade Mamba-based model delivering best-in-class quality and performance.
Track Your ML Experiments
A Benchmark and Taxonomy of Categorical Encoders
JDocQA: Japanese Document Question Answering Dataset for Generative Language Models
X.ai Announces Grok 1.5: A Look at the Improved Reasoning and Long Context Capabilities
Echo-chambers and Idea Labs: Communication Styles on Twitter
AI with an internal monologue is Scary!
Ungrammatical-syntax-based In-context Example Selection for Grammatical Error Correction
A Study on the Calibration of In-context Learning
RT-SRTS: Angle-Agnostic Real-Time Simultaneous 3D Reconstruction and Tumor Segmentation from Single X-Ray Projection
The Math Behind Neural Networks
KazSAnDRA: Kazakh Sentiment Analysis Dataset of Reviews and Attitudes
MATEval: A Multi-Agent Discussion Framework for Advancing Open-Ended Text Evaluation
AIpom at SemEval-2024 Task 8: Detecting AI-produced Outputs in M4
Improving Adversarial Data Collection by Supporting Annotators: Lessons from GAHD, a German Hate Speech Dataset
Phonetic Segmentation of the UCLA Phonetics Lab Archive
EthioMT: Parallel Corpus for Low-resource Ethiopian Languages
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/28/2024
Checkpoint Merging via Bayesian Optimization in LLM Pretraining
sDPO: Don't Use Your Data All at Once
X's Grok chatbot will soon get an upgraded model, Grok-1.5
Ai Regex
Evaluating Step-by-Step Reasoning through Symbolic Verification
AiGenda
Going Beyond Word Matching: Syntax Improves In-context Example Selection for Machine Translation
A diverse Multilingual News Headlines Dataset from around the World
Do Similar Entities have Similar Embeddings?
Incremental Processing in the Age of Non-Incremental Encoders: An Empirical Assessment of Bidirectional Models for Incremental NLU
Count Visitors With Free API
Improving Clinical NLP Performance through Language Model-Generated Synthetic Clinical Data
KazParC: Kazakh Parallel Corpus for Machine Translation
Gaining the Sparse Rewards by Exploring Lottery Tickets in Spiking Neural Network
Knowledge Boundary and Persona Dynamic Shape A Better Social Media Agent
A.I.'s Messy Moment + Listeners Respond to Jonathan Haidt + Shrimp Jesus
Elon Musk's xAI Unveils Grok-1.5 with Improved Reasoning Capabilities, 128K Context Window
Understanding Vectors in Rust: A Comprehensive Guide
Leveraging Code to Improve In-context Learning for Semantic Parsing
What Do You Remember about the Early Days of webdev and HTML?
Uncovering Misattributed Suicide Causes through Annotation Inconsistency Detection in Death Investigation Notes
TableLLM: Enabling Tabular Data Manipulation by LLMs in Real Office Usage Scenarios
Chat with your SQL database using Claude 3
New York-based The Brandtech Group, which provides generative AI-based tools for advertising and marketing campaigns, raised a $115M Series C at a $4B valuation (Daniel Thomas/Financial Times)
Large Language Models Are Unconscious of Unreasonability in Math Problems
WaterJudge: Quality-Detection Trade-off when Watermarking Large Language Models
South Korean national statistics data: chip output grew 65.3% YoY in February 2024, the most since late 2009, with demand for AI-related memory driving growth (Sam Kim/Bloomberg)
My own list of 33 topics to cover machine learning
Investigating the Emergent Audio Classification Ability of ASR Foundation Models
How do you guys do CI/CD?
PrOnto: Language Model Evaluations for 859 Languages
Beyond Borders: Investigating Cross-Jurisdiction Transfer in Legal Case Summarization
Microsoft's Copilot AI Service Boosted by Local PC Integration and Enhanced Features
AI Revolutionizes Eye Exams, Saving Time and Costs
Meta's new tech update transforms Ray-Ban glasses into A.I.-powered smart spectacles
Leveraging Location Intelligence Software for Data-Driven Decisions: A Guide
How to Precisely Predict Your AI Model's Performance Before Training Begins? This AI Paper from China Proposes Data Mixing Laws
8 Must-Read Machine Learning Books for All (level) Learners!
Meet OpenFoundry: An AI Research Startup Building a Developer Infrastructure for Open Source AI
Mora: A New Multi-Agent Framework that Incorporates Several Advanced Visual AI Agents to Replicate Generalist Video Generation Demonstrated by Sora
Could you guys provide some suggestions on ways to inspect the model I'm working on?
Vectara Releases the Factual Consistency Score (FCS): An AI Tool for Automated Hallucination Detection in Each Response It Generates
What are 1x1 convolutions? A 5-minute visual guide.
Day 4   Azure Open AI: Setup Azure AI Search Solution
xAI announces Grok-1.5
Top Ten Artificial Intelligence (AI) Trends to Watch in 2024
'It's very easy to steal someone's voice': how AI is affecting video game actors
The Synergy of AI and Cloud Transformation in the Payment Sector: Advancing Security, Scalability, and Innovation
AI is on a fast track, but hype and immaturity could derail it
Zapata AI and Andretti Acquisition Corp. close business combination
AI fact-checking is more accurate and 20 times cheaper than human effort, study finds
Oracle NetSuite expands generative AI capabilities across the suite
5 Interesting Startup Deals You May Have Missed In March: Robot Recyclers, Better Pregnancy And AI For Teeth
Biden administration unveils new rules for federal government's use of AI
Sources: Accel is in talks to lead a round in Scale AI at a $13B valuation, up from $7.3B in 2021; Scale AI generated $675M+ in revenue in 2023, up ~150% YoY (The Information)
Playing Simon Says with Gemma-2b and MediaPipe
Mark Zuckerberg meets with Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, calls him the  Taylor Swift of Tech
Function Calling LLMs: Combining SLIMs and DRAGON for Better RAG Performance
Honest advice. For those of us who are not PhDs, how do we stand out?
Why AI bias is a systemic rather than a technological problem
Natural Language Processing (NLP) in Web Development: Enhancing Communication with Users
EduLLM
OpenAI shows off Sora AI video generator to Hollywood execs
ARIA: Revolutionizing building management with AI
Elon Musk's updated Grok AI claims to be better at coding and math
How a tiny 4-person startup, Supaglue, caught Stripe's eye
AI-assisted coding, Sleeping on a Volcano
DeepMind develops SAFE, an AI-based app that can fact-check LLMs
[D] The Tech Behind The Magic : How OpenAI SORA Works
3 Thoughts for AI Deployment in Your Supply Chain Organization
Hume AI's Empathic Voice Interface brings the charming AI from  Her  closer to reality
Jamba: The LLM with Mamba Mentality
[D] Precision-recall to evaluate imbalanced datasets?
Databricks' GPT rival and who's investing in  underdog  founders
SolidRun unveils Hailo-15H System-on-Module (SOM)
[D] Is a single channel enough for Positional Encoding in Transformers?
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of March 29th
Managed Sportlogiq to Databricks Data Ingestion Pipelines for NHL Teams: A Game-Changing Alliance
10 GitHub Repositories to Master MLOps
Here's Proof the AI Boom Is Real: More People Are Tapping ChatGPT at Work
NYC to trial weapon detectors from controversial AI company
It's easy to tamper with watermarks from AI-generated text
SEP Dataset: Should it be Separated or Processed?
Presenting the AI Engineer World's Fair   with Sam Schillace, Deputy CTO of Microsoft
The Emerging Data Engineering Trends You Should Check Out In 2024
FiftyOne Computer Vision Tips and Tricks - March 29, 2024
Zero-Shot Learning and Human Analogical Reasoning!
Myomo appoints Heather Getz to its Board of Directors
Text translation using langchain.js and Gemini in a NestJS application
Will Liquid Circuits Enable Brain-Imitating Computers?
How to Build a RAG-Powered LLM Chat App with ChromaDB and Python
How the semiconductor industry can reach 1T transistor GPUs, which will be needed within a decade if the AI revolution continues at its current pace (IEEE Spectrum)
Boost your business efficiency by leveraging GenAI to automate processes
Grindr Working on Chatbot You Can Sext With
We Tested AI Censorship: Here's What Chatbots Won't Tell You
Mastering Uncertainty with CatBoost
Unlock Hyper-Personalization with AI-Driven Adaptive Apps
Insta360 Ace Pro Review: An Impressive Action Cam with Added AI
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: Celestial AI Tops List Of Large Raises
Optimizing Multi-task Learning Models in Practice
Causal inference lecture notes
Map Styling for Web Developers   Quick Editing
Stability AI CEO Disappeared in His Pajamas in Bizarre Incident
Insights from a Computer Science conference: DATE 2024
How AI discriminates and what that means for your Google habit
Apple Researchers Detail Method to Combine Different LLMs to Achieve State-of-the-Art Performance
1D Polynomial Curve fitting in Numpy and Matplotlib
Should You Become A Data Scientist, Data Analyst Or Data Engineer?
Developing Credit Scoring Models for Banking and Beyond
A conversation with OpenAI's first artist in residence
Grasping With Common Sense
Named Entity Recognition Unmasked   The Essential Guide
Boost Your Code Quality with Pytest & Tox
Pitch Deck Teardown: Plantee Innovations' $1.4M seed deck
How I Use Custom GPT Builder For My Data Storytelling Workshops
The Noonification: Nvidia Throws Gamers Under the Bus (3/29/2024)
Understanding Strings - Python
The AI world needs more data transparency and web3 startup Space and Time says it can help
University Leadership Suggest Using AI to Replace Striking Grad Students
OpenAI debuts Voice Engine, which lets users generate synthetic copy of a voice from a 15-second sample, available to around 100 partners, including HeyGen (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Linux Foundation Backs 'Valkey' Open-Source Fork of Redis
OpenAI Previews New Audio Tool That Can Read Text, Mimic Voices
Top 4 GCC Summits of 2024 Transforming India's Global Capability Centers
Next-generation AI semiconductor devices mimic the human brain
Sources: Microsoft and OpenAl are planing a $100B data center project with a US-based supercomputer dubbed  Stargate  to power OpenAl's products (The Information)
Enhancing defect detection performance in smart factories
Researchers create  The Consensus Game  to elevate AI's text comprehension and generation skills
Getting started with AI Prompts
OpenAI Unveils Audio Tool That Recreates Human Voices
[D] Is it possible to create a video game room based on the NeRF data?
Vernor Vinge obituary
OpenAI built a voice cloning tool, but you can't use it. yet
RAFT   A Fine-Tuning and RAG Approach to Domain-Specific Question Answering
A first-ever complete map for elastic strain engineering
Building A HealthBot Using Chainlit And OpenAI
OpenAI takes next step towards ChatGPT-powered LLM search product
Rangers Redux: Can Texas Repeat with Data, Analytics, and AI?
CD Projekt Red starts The Witcher 4 in earnest, shifting two-thirds of its resources to preproduction
Designing Responsible AI Solutions
Gartner Data & Analytics Summit So Paulo: Mercado Livre's AI and Data Democratization in Brazil
Microsoft and OpenAI reportedly plan to build a $100 billion AI supercomputer called  Stargate
[D] Pytorch FSDP is pipeline parallelism right?
Building a Medical Assistant using Lyzr SDK
Brain-inspired chaotic spiking backpropagation
Generative AI to quantify uncertainty in weather forecasting
How Visual AI Can Assist Businesses In Efficiently Managing Large Volumes Of Images
IT's credo for the AI age: Always be modernizing
Google says running AI models on phones is a huge RAM hog
Complete Guide to Build Your First CNN Machine Learning Model in Python
Best Free AI SQL Large Model of 2024
Google DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis gets UK knighthood for 'services to artificial intelligence'
Explainer: What Is Sentiment Analysis?
OpenAI's Voice Engine Can Recreate Human Voices with Emotions
OpenAI says it can clone a voice from just 15 seconds of audio
OpenAI holds back wide release of voice-cloning tech due to misuse concerns
Startups Weekly: Big shake-ups at the AI heavyweights
The hot new government job is AI specialist
INT FLOAT COMPLEX - PYTHON
Demis Hassabis annointed as first AI knight
A profile of DeepMind's Demis Hassabis, who was just knighted, as some wonder if he can navigate Google's bureaucracy and turn AI research into great products (Alex Kantrowitz/Big Technology)
Medicine with AI
OpenAI Clearly Nervous About Its New Voice Cloning Tool Being Used for Scams
Navigating the New Era of AI with Pinecone CEO Edo Liberty
Finally, AI News You Can Use!
When is Your LLM Good Enough?
Robust Text-to-SQL With LangChain: Claude 3  vs GPT-4
Founder's Mysterious Disappearance Raises Concerns Among Stability AI's Employees and Investors
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (March 29, 2024)
Explore the Total Solar Eclipse of 2024 with Wolfram Language
AI Tool VA-ResNet-50 Predicts Risk of Lethal Heart Rhythm
JAMBA MoE: Open Source MAMBA w/ Transformer: CODE
Designing ML Infra for ML & LLM Use Cases // Amritha Arun Babu & Abhik Choudhury // Podcast #221
Visa Unveils Cutting-Edge AI Solutions to Combat Fraud in 2024
NYC's government chatbot is lying about city laws and regulations
Helping You Build Machine Learning Products: CodeNewbie Podcast
Filings from 2023 list Jacob Vespers as OpenAI Startup Fund's manager; OpenAI says  Vespers does not exist  and the docs are  fabricated , without elaborating (Darius Rafieyan/Business Insider)
Elon Musk's Tesla robots could be innovative for AI and automation, but Optimus still has a long way to go
OpenAI knows you're worried about its new AI model that can copy your voice
Microsoft Reportedly Building 'Stargate' to Transport OpenAI Into the Future
CEO of Firm Tapped for AI Metal Detectors in NYC Subways Says Subways Are Not a 'Good Use-Case'
Report: Scale cuts off subsidiary's remote workers in several countries
Microsoft and OpenAI Plot $100 Billion Stargate AI Supercomputer
How to Draft a Low-Cost AGI-Proof Plan
NVIDIA H200 GPUs Crush MLPerf's LLM Inferencing Benchmark
Grading Cards with AI | AI Unlocked
This AI Research from Apple Combines Regional Variants of English to Build a 'World English' Neural Network Language Model for On-Device Virtual Assistants
The Dawn of Indistinguishable Voices: Inside OpenAI's Voice Engine
Generative AI: Novice Guide to Transformers
Alibaba Releases Qwen1.5-MoE-A2.7B: A Small MoE Model with only 2.7B Activated Parameters yet Matching the Performance of State-of-the-Art 7B models like Mistral 7B
Announcing the General Availability of Databricks Notebooks on SQL Warehouses
New York City's official AI chatbot is hallucinating incorrect legal advice
[D] Liquid Nets, Neural ODEs/PDEs, and Text-based Diffusion
[P] Educational Deep Learning in JavaScript
Interacting with the Open Source Model LLaVA 1.5 on Paperspace Gradient
AI  tastes  beer   then tells brewers how to make it better
YOLO-World:  A Paperspace Demo to Real-Time, Zero-Shot Object Detection
ChatGPT is finally revealing its sources - but there's a catch
Hands On Monotonic Time Series Forecasting with XGBoost, using Python
grounding dino is 60% sure a handshower is a chair. how to solve this
[D] Best way to deploy embedding models?
OpenAI's voice cloning AI model only needs a 15-second sample to work
5 new ways Google can help you plan a better summer vacation
Sepsis blood test combined with AI could offer early detection tool
New York City to test AI-enabled gun scanners in subway system
This Paper Reveals Insights from Reproducing OpenAI's RLHF (Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback) Work: Implementation and Scaling Explored
Building an Effective and User-Friendly Medical Chatbot with OpenAI and CometLLM: A Step-by-Step Guide
Robotic Marvels: Conquering San Francisco's Streets Through Next Token Prediction
Sources: Amazon's AGI team is aiming to outperform Anthropic's latest Claude models by the middle of 2024 using the company's forthcoming LLM, codenamed Olympus (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Microsoft and OpenAI plan to build a $100 billion supercomputer to power artificial intelligence: report
Transformers: How Do They Transform Your Data?
NYC's Microsoft-powered MyCity chatbot, launched as a pilot program last October, often gives inaccurate info, including telling businesses to break the law (Colin Lecher/The City)
Maybe we're using too much data to train models
Question about DDIM paper [D]
Google takes the top two spots in this week's ZDNET Innovation Index
Researchers from Google DeepMind and Stanford Introduce Search-Augmented Factuality Evaluator (SAFE): Enhancing Factuality Evaluation in Large Language Models
Instrumental Variable validity
Gradient Descent: Optimizer Behind Machine Learning
Inside LAION-5B, an AI training dataset of 5B+ images that has been unavailable for download after researchers found 3,000+ instances of CSAM in December 2023 (Knowing Machines)
THE HISTORY OF AI 2022-24
Generative AI is changing the legal profession. Future lawyers need to know how to use it
Pollen-Vision: An Artificial Intelligence Library Empowering Robots with the Autonomy to Grasp Unknown Objects
Quantum AI  Introduction - A better future?
100+ AI Side-Hustle Ideas
Several legal experts say Section 230 will not protect firms from lawsuits over the outputs of generative AI, echoing SCOTUS Justice Gorsuch's 2023 statement (Christopher Mims/Wall Street Journal)
What's your tooling look like?
Transactional Serverless Computing: PostgreSQL Creator Announces DBOS Cloud
SVD Did Not converge in Linear Least Squares Error
[N] How Stability AI's Founder Tanked His Billion-Dollar Startup
Day 5  Azure Open AI Challenge: Document Intelligence
Zoho's ManageEngine Invests $10 Mn in NVIDIA, Intel, and AMD GPUs
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/29/2024
Meet Dragoneye: An AI Startup Revolutionizing Computer Vision for Developers
[P] Using ML to Annotate Dental Xrays
RakutenAI-7B: A Suite of Japanese-Oriented Large Language Models that Achieve the Great Performance on the Japanese Language Model
Google AI Introduces AutoBNN: A New Open-Source Machine Learning Framework for Building Sophisticated Time Series Prediction Models
Instruction-Data Separation in LLMs: A Study on Safeguarding AI from Manipulation with the SEP (Should it be Executed or Processed?) Dataset Introduction and Evaluation
AI Rivals Broadband in High Upfront Cost What About the Return?
Video Highlights: The Best AI Startup Opportunities   with Venture Capitalist Rudina Seseri
Automate Your Workflow With AI
Many of Amazon's Kindles are displaying ads for blatantly AI-generated books on the lock screen, with some appearing to be flagrant copies of existing works (Frank Landymore/Futurism)
Microsoft Copilot has reportedly been blocked on all Congress-owned devices
Navigating the Challenges and Opportunities of Synthetic Voices
pip Trends newsletter - 30-Mar-2024
Microsoft study shows AI copilot development can be overwhelming
What was your onboarding like and what should a proper onboarding look like?
[D] Why don't diffusion models overfit?
Databrix Announces DBRX, a New Open-Source LLM Standard
This AI Paper from Intel Presents a SYCL Implementation of Fully Fused Multi-Layer Perceptrons (MLPs) on Intel Data Center GPU Max
This AI Paper from Durham University Evaluates GPT-3.5 and GPT-4's Performance Against Student Coders in Physics
The DNC made a weird AI-generated parody of a Lara Trump song
Experts Concerned by Signs of AI Bubble
OpenAI unveils voice-cloning tool
Amazon's AI team faces pressure to outperform Anthropic's Claude models by mid-year
Dockerizing a Flask application
AgentStudio: An Open Toolkit for Developing General-Purpose Agents Capable of Operating in Digital Worlds
Official NYC Chatbot Encouraging Small Businesses to Break the Law
Just because AI recommends a cliff doesn't mean you have to jump
Dev News: Deno Supports Open Source Repository JSR and an Offline AI
OpenAI Voice Engine - Realistic Voice Cloning
Why Medical LLMs Face Headwinds
AIOS: LLM Agent Operating System! Create Software, Automate Tasks, and More!
When Exactly Will the Eclipse Happen? A Multimillennium Tale of Computation
Mastering the Versatility and Depth of Python's Rich Plot Collection(with Code)
Meet Empathic Voice Interface (EVI): The First AI with Emotional Intelligence, Launching Its API for Developers in April 2024
This Week in AI: Let us not forget the humble data annotator
Unleashing Data Visualization with Python Matplotlib
Microsoft and OpenAI are planning a massive $100 billion AI supercomputer dubbed  Stargate
How did a small developer of graphics cards for gamers suddenly become the third most valuable firm on the planet? | John Naughton
[P] DIAMBRA Arena Environments used to make OpenAI & MistralAI LLMs fight one against the other in Street Fighter III at MistralAI Hackathon in San Francisco by two YC startups
Running OCR against PDFs and images directly in your browser
Which Master's program to choose
OpenAI Can Re-Create Human Voices but Won't Release the Tech Yet
AI ramping up risk of promotional ploys on April Fools' Day, experts warn
Statistics on an empty phrase show possible impact of ChatGPT on science
Study cautions against use of AI text detection tools in higher education
An optimization-based method to enhance autonomous parking
Where are the Junior Level Data Scientist Jobs?
A 15-second voice sample is all OpenAI's Voice Engine needs to clone your voice
Marlin: Nearly Ideal Inference Speed for 4-bit Large Language Models
SuperHeroes, but in Ghibli Style!
The Person Who Was in Charge of OpenAI's $175 Million Fund Appears to Be Fake
On the necessity of a sin
[R] TexTile: A Differentiable Metric for Texture Tileability
The Many Pillars of Getting the Most Value From Your Organization's Data
How to Resist the Temptation of AI When Writing
Google says running AI locally on phones requires tons of RAM
Groundbreaking Biomimetic Olfactory Chips Use AI to Enable Robots to Smell
What are some common blockades/problems you face when working in ML? [D]
Microsoft and OpenAI Reportedly Building $100 Billion Secret Supercomputer to Train Advanced AI
Women in AI: Kate Devlin of King's College is researching AI and intimacy
Do not over-think about 'outliers', use a student-t distribution instead
Causal Machine Learning: What Can We Accomplish with a Single Theorem?
What to spend company's 1500 annual training budget on?
How do I know when to stop hyper parameter tuning and try something else?
textract-cli
Meet Ratchet: A Web-First, Cross-Platform Machine Learning Developer Toolkit
How to Use Prompt Engineering in ChatGPT? Key Insights and Tips
Does AI need a  body  to become truly intelligent? Meta researchers think so.
[P] I compared the different open source whisper packages for long-form transcription
NYC's business chatbot is reportedly doling out 'dangerously inaccurate' information
RouterBench: A Novel Machine Learning Framework Designed to Systematically Assess the Efficacy of LLM Routing Systems
Generative AI 'FOMO' is driving tech heavyweights to invest billions in startups
This AI Paper Introduces InternLM2: An Open-Source Large Language Model LLM that Demonstrates Exceptional Performance in both Subjective and Objective Evaluations
[D] Visualizing how & what Convolutional Neural Networks really learn!
[D] facct 24 result out?
[D] EE and ML but How?
Are there any DA/DS-adjacent roles (other than dev roles requiring a lot of Leetcode) that are in-demand, preferably low-code ones?
7 GPTs That Are Game-Changing For Entrepreneurs
Researchers from the University of Washington and Meta AI Present a Simple Context-Aware Decoding (CAD) Method to Encourage the Language Model to Attend to Its Context During Generation
Understanding Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Reinforcement Learning's Real-World Power
How to Redesign Organizations for the AI Era
Mora: BEST Sora Alternative - Text-To-Video AI Model!
Adaptive-RAG: Enhancing Large Language Models by Question-Answering Systems with Dynamic Strategy Selection for Query Complexity
WSJ: The AI industry spent 17x more on Nvidia chips than it brought in in revenue [N]
Things I wish I knew before I started.
Murmur identification and outcome prediction in phonocardiograms using deep features based on Stockwell transform
Databricks Claims a Performance Lead with a New Open LLM
Mini-Gemini: A Simple and Effective Artificial Intelligence Framework Enhancing multi-modality Vision Language Models (VLMs)
[P] char-mamba: Simple Mamba-based Character-level Language Modeling
Reddit Migrates Media Metadata From S3 and Other Systems into AWS Aurora Postgres
Top Ten Python Libraries for Machine Learning and Deep Learning in 2024
Exploring the Fusion: How AI is Powering the Data Science Boom
[P] Mamba Explained
[D] Intuition behind polyhedral-based IR in DL compilers
All about MLOps: why, what, when & how
Top Data Science Books to Read in 2024
corresponding pixels on the epipolar line
Why Microsoft's Copilot will only kinda run locally on AI PCs for now
US House of Representatives bans Microsoft's AI assistant Copilot for congressional staffers
Tips for LLM Pretraining and Evaluating Reward Models
Open-source LLM Jamba focuses on performance and efficiency with unique hybrid architecture
Four New Major Open Source Foundation Models in a Week
Stable Diffusion creator Stability AI fights for survival amid financial turmoil
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/30/2024
How Databricks Came to Ola Krutrim's Rescue
ChatGPT vs Perplexity AI: AI App Comparison
What to Expect at the 'Absolutely Incredible' Apple WWDC 2024
Creating CLI Commands using Argparse in Python
Wearable AI: will it put our smartphones out of fashion?
Microsoft has a clever way of showing you AI is normal (especially if you're alone)
Don't choose computer vision if...
DrugGPT: new AI tool could help doctors prescribe medicine in England
[D] What's your go-to simple MoE training code project?
Mistral AI Releases Mistral 7B v0.2: A Groundbreaking Open-Source Language Model
Data Machina #247
NVIDIA AI Research Proposes Language Instructed Temporal-Localization Assistant (LITA), which Enables Accurate Temporal Localization Using Video LLMs
An AI voice notes app that really works
Building A Multilingual NER App with HuggingFace
Samsung's chip division wants the top spot back: What's happening?
9 AI hacks that Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai, Jensen Huang, and other business leaders use
Differentiating between 2 cats
Midjourney gets personalized models, v7 before summer, video by end of year
Increasingly sophisticated AI systems can perform empathy, but their use in mental health care raises ethical questions
Crazed CEOs Adding AI to Home Appliances
Can generative AI help address the cybersecurity resource gap?
Deep Learning in Agriculture: Leaf Classification Project Overview
I trained an LSTM on a function such that it predicts the next data point after being fed the previous 50! Every frame is another epoch of training!
Women in AI: Brandie Nonnecke of UC Berkeley says investors should insist on responsible AI practices
Game of Thrones, but in Ghibli Style!
Sources: Dell, HP, and other US tech firms have asked their Taiwanese suppliers to boost production of AI-related hardware in Mexico to reduce reliance on China (Wall Street Journal)
Bots Invaded My Newsletter. Here's How I Fought Back with ML
Unlocking Insights: Random Forests for PCA and Feature Importance
llm-nomic-api-embed
AI and Video Game Development (with the DataScienceAtHome podcast!)
New Battlemage leaks suggest Intel hasn't abandoned plans for a high-powered Arc GPU
Profit from video games that were turned into movies doubled in 2023. Hollywood wants more.
Demis Hassabis says the AI hype caused by a surge of money is clouding research; CB Insights: VCs invested $42.5B in 2,500 AI startup equity rounds in 2023 (John Thornhill/Financial Times)
[D] What's more impressive in a ML portfolio: implementing a paper or creating a good project?
FOMO may be one of the things driving the super rich to invest tens of billions in AI
[P] Tips for LLM Pretraining and Evaluating Reward Models -- Discussing Research Papers in March 2024
Computational Thinking is What You Need
Basic modelling question
NER Finetuning
How to Build a Local Open-Source LLM Chatbot With RAG
Glam up my markup challenge - Camp activities, how good could I possibly make it using just plain HTML, CSS, JS???
You May Know This Design Pattern In Python, But When To Use It?
Camp Activities Glamed Up!
Pandas: From Messy To Beautiful
The Era of AI Wearable Devices
Optimizing SQLite for servers
How to Scrape PDF Text and Summarize It with OpenAI LLMs (in R)
10 years of NLP history explained in 50 concepts | From Word2Vec, RNNs to GPT
Quoting Rumman Chowdhury
[D] Anyone using bluesky or mastodon? Who are some big name ML people I should follow?
From 12th Final Project to an ATM Management System: Leveraging ChatGPT 4 for PDF Analysis
Layerwise Importance Sampled AdamW (LISA): A Machine Learning Optimization Algorithm that Randomly Freezes Layers of LLM Based on a Given Probability
LWiAI Podcast #161- Claude 3 beats GPT-4, Stability CEO resigns, DBRX, TacticAI, UN resolution on AI
AI Craze Drives Record Quarterly Foreign Flows to Korean Stocks
Your AI Product Needs Evals
OA-CNNs: A Family of Networks that Integrates a Lightweight Module to Greatly Enhance the Adaptivity of Sparse Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs at Minimal Computational Cost
Implementing SSO in React with GitHub OAuth2
Meet Deep-Seek: An Open Source Research Agent Designed as an Internet Scale Retrieval Engine
[D][R] Trying to Understand AutoBNN
Modular Open-Sources Mojo: The Programming Language that Turns Python into a Beast
First job out of undergrad is really boring
3D AI ART Jam - Happy Easter  - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
OpenAI Sora: Beauty And Horror!
Nigel Edmead: enumanation
Collaboration Between R&D is Important to Avoid a Failure Mode in a Company
Adding Anomaly Detection And Observability To Your dbt Projects Is Elementary
NEW Challenge for LLM: CONSISTENCY ALIGNMENT
The FIRST Production-grade Mamba-based LLM!!!
AI Engineer Beginner Project 1: Agentic Behavior (Full Code)
LlamaIndex Upgrade to 0.10.x Experience
RestAI: AI as a Service! Create Software, Rag, SQL, and Vision Apps!
Customizing Large Language Models
Elon Musk says there could be a 20% chance AI destroys humanity &mdash; but we should do it anyway
Multiscale Vision Transformer for Video Recognition
SK Hynix Tops $100 Billion in Market Value on AI-Powered Rally
KCL Leverages Topos Theory to Decode Transformer Architectures
AI Stocks Become Unlikely Dividend Play for Jupiter's Asia Fund
Teaching SOLAR to Shine: How Upstage AI's sDPO Aligns Language Models with Human Values
Researchers at Stanford and Databricks Open-Sourced BioMedLM: A 2.7 Billion Parameter GPT-Style AI Model Trained on PubMed Text
GD^2-NeRF: Generative Detail Compensation via GAN and Diffusion for One-shot Generalizable Neural Radiance Fields
GAvatar: Animatable 3D Gaussian Avatars with Implicit Mesh Learning
Measuring Taiwanese Mandarin Language Understanding
LUQ: Long-text Uncertainty Quantification for LLMs
Target Span Detection for Implicit Harmful Content
Emotion-Anchored Contrastive Learning Framework for Emotion Recognition in Conversation
Advancing the Arabic WordNet: Elevating Content Quality
Are LLMs Effective Backbones for Fine-tuning? An Experimental Investigation of Supervised LLMs on Chinese Short Text Matching
Automatic Alignment of Discourse Relations of Different Discourse Annotation Frameworks
LifelongMemory: Leveraging LLMs for Answering Queries in Long-form Egocentric Videos
Shallow Cross-Encoders for Low-Latency Retrieval
Large Language Model based Situational Dialogues for Second Language Learning
Can LLMs Learn from Previous Mistakes? Investigating LLMs' Errors to Boost for Reasoning
DXAI: Explaining Classification by Image Decomposition
GOLD: Generalized Knowledge Distillation via Out-of-Distribution-Guided Language Data Generation
HGT: Leveraging Heterogeneous Graph-enhanced Large Language Models for Few-shot Complex Table Understanding
SLFNet: Generating Semantic Logic Forms from Natural Language Using Semantic Probability Graphs
Development of Compositionality and Generalization through Interactive Learning of Language and Action of Robots
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/31/2024
DialogBench: Evaluating LLMs as Human-like Dialogue Systems
Multi-Stage Multi-Modal Pre-Training for Automatic Speech Recognition
CLOVA: A Closed-Loop Visual Assistant with Tool Usage and Update
New Semantic Task for the French Spoken Language Understanding MEDIA Benchmark
A Systematic Analysis of Subwords and Cross-Lingual Transfer in Multilingual Translation
Reasoning or Reciting? Exploring the Capabilities and Limitations of Language Models Through Counterfactual Tasks
User Modeling Challenges in Interactive AI Assistant Systems
Wasserstein Distortion: Unifying Fidelity and Realism
Developing Healthcare Language Model Embedding Spaces
Towards a Framework for Evaluating Explanations in Automated Fact Verification
GOTCHA: Real-Time Video Deepfake Detection via Challenge-Response
Natural Language, AI, and Quantum Computing in 2024: Research Ingredients and Directions in QNLP
A Benchmark Evaluation of Clinical Named Entity Recognition in French
Natural Language Processing for Dialects of a Language: A Survey
Transformer-Lite: High-efficiency Deployment of Large Language Models on Mobile Phone GPUs
How to Train a Custom LLM Embedding Model
Conversational Question Answering with Reformulations over Knowledge Graph
Cross-Lingual Transfer Robustness to Lower-Resource Languages on Adversarial Datasets
DyBluRF: Dynamic Deblurring Neural Radiance Fields for Blurry Monocular Video
OpenAI to Open New Office in Tokyo as Part of Global Expansion
Fine-tuning Large Language Models for Automated Diagnostic Screening Summaries
Enhance Reasoning for Large Language Models in the Game Werewolf
SineNet by Texas A&M University and the University of Pittsburgh Innovates PDE Solutions: Addressing Temporal Misalignment in Fluid Dynamics Through Deep Learning
PLGSLAM: Progressive Neural Scene Represenation with Local to Global Bundle Adjustment
Natural Language Embedded Programs for Hybrid Language Symbolic Reasoning
Language Models Learn Rare Phenomena from Less Rare Phenomena: The Case of the Missing AANNs
NLP for Counterspeech against Hate: A Survey and How-To Guide
What's Your Favorite Productivity Tool?
ChainNet: Structured Metaphor and Metonymy in WordNet
IndiBias: A Benchmark Dataset to Measure Social Biases in Language Models for Indian Context
DragVideo: Interactive Drag-style Video Editing
Hume AI's Chatbot is A Chatty Stranger Who Never Shuts Up!
S\\={a}mayik: A Benchmark and Dataset for English-Sanskrit Translation
New Azure AI tools to help operationalize Responsible AI for generative AI apps!
ChatGPT v.s. Media Bias: A Comparative Study of GPT-3.5 and Fine-tuned Language Models
Can LLMs Correct Physicians, Yet? Investigating Effective Interaction Methods in the Medical Domain
PURPLE: Making a Large Language Model a Better SQL Writer
Adverb Is the Key: Simple Text Data Augmentation with Adverb Deletion
An Efficient Approach for Studying Cross-Lingual Transfer in Multilingual Language Models
Huge AI funding leads to hype and 'grifting', warns DeepMind's Demis Hassabis
[D] Creating your own language model (i.e., text encoder) for a specific domain. When is it worth it and what should you be aware of?
IPA Transcription of Bengali Texts
I'm double majoring in mathematics and computer science, considering doing a minor in the business field. Which would be the best for data science jobs?
Gecko: Versatile Text Embeddings Distilled from Large Language Models
Cross-modal tumor segmentation using generative blending augmentation and self training
Expansion to Japan: OpenAI opens Tokyo office
Alibaba Researchers Propose Reward Learning on Policy (RLP): An Unsupervised AI Framework that Refines a Reward Model Using Policy Samples to Keep it on-Distribution
Google's DeepMind CEO says the massive funds flowing into AI bring with it loads of hype and a fair share of grifting
10 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Applications/Platforms In Healthcare
Topic Modelling with BERTtopic in Python
AI Powered Video Creation: Video Making Made Easier
Java News Roundup: Jakarta Data and Jakarta NoSQL Milestones, Class-File API Targeted for JDK 23
Gizmodo Monday Puzzle: Can You Outsmart These April Fools' Pranks?
Inside the Race to Protect Artists from Artificial Intelligence
Meet Sharon Zhou, the AI founder doing just fine without Nvidia's chips
Collaborative Note-Taking with AI: Tools that Facilitate Teamwork and Knowledge Sharing
Sources: OpenAI discussed training GPT-5 on public YouTube video transcripts; AI industry's need for high-quality text data may outstrip supply within two years (Deepa Seetharaman/Wall Street Journal)
AI Chatbot that maps Human Emotions
What is Cosine Similarity?
Why Developers Hate Jira
OpenAI LLM Chat with Multiple PDFs with Accurate Results
NAVER AI Lab Introduces Model Stock: A Groundbreaking Fine-Tuning Method for Machine Learning Model Efficiency
OpenAI is Opening its New Tokyo Office This Month
Spotlight on Ask On Data
Weekly Roundup 046 (Mar 25):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
How an iPhone Powered by Google's Gemini AI Might Work
What Are Python Lambda Functions and How Do You Use Them?
3 Manifestations of GenAI in Software Development
[N] Open Source 1.3B Multi-Capabilities Model and Library: SQL Generation, Code Parsing, Documentation, and Function Calling with Instruction Passing
Salesforce Chief Ethicist Deems Doomsday AI Discussions a 'Waste of Time'
GPU stuck at 100 during PyTorch training loop.
Meet Guide Labs: An AI Research Startup Building Interpretable Foundation Models that can Reliably Explain their Reasoning
Top ChatGPT Books to Read in 2024
AI chatbots beat humans at persuading their opponents in debates
When Algorithms Wander: The Impact of AI Model Drift on Customer Experience
Cloud Migration Alone Won't Solve Data Quality. Here's Why CDOs Need a More Holistic Approach
Deepmind chief doesn't see AI reaching its limits anytime soon - but still warns against hype
Tencent Propose AniPortrait: An Audio-Driven Synthesis of Photorealistic Portrait Animation
LUMOS: An Open-Source Generalizable Language Agent Training Framework
The Psychology of Data Visualization: How to Present Data that Persuades
Meet OpenDevin: An Open-Source Alternative to Devin (an Autonomous AI Software Engineer)
Open-source voice cloning model  Voice Craft  steamrolls over OpenAI's ethical concerns
[D] Hardware advice for ML rig
Looking to photograph a solar eclipse with your smartphone? Try these features and think about creative angles
BrainBox AI Unveils ARIA: an AI-Powered Virtual Building Assistant For a Greener Future
How ASML took over the chipmaking chessboard
Exploring the Landscape of Machine Learning: Techniques, Applications, and Insights
Transformer was Once called CargoNet
OpenAI Has Eyes For Hollywood Thanks to Sora
Compress GPT-4 and Claude prompts with LLMLingua-2
Hugging Face's Cosmopedia Hopes To Reshape Pre-Training Data
Vector Search: What You Need to Know Before Getting Started
[D] UAI 2024 Reviews Waiting Place
New AI Tool Thunder Hopes to Accelerate AI Development
Amazon Announces Completion of a $4 Billion Investment in Anthropic
A Scalable Google Drive Alternative for ML   Launching DagsHub Storage Buckets with Colab Integration
Am I not getting interviews because I dont have a data science portfolio?
Worried about a bump on your date's penis? There's an app for that   but not everyone is convinced
StabilityAI chief resigns, raising doubts about AI start-up's future
Feature Selection with Hierarchical Clustering for Interpretable Models
Create an Agent with OpenAI Function Calling Capabilities
Spring Boot 3 application on AWS Lambda - Part 2 Introduction to AWS Serverless Java Container
5 Software Development Skills AI Will Render Obsolete
Labor ministers warned over expanded use of AI in immigration and biosecurity decisions
Japan Has Said Goodbye to Its Life-Sized Gundam
Day 1/366
Scaling customer experiences with data and AI
Chatbots Struggle to Answer Medical Questions in Widely Spoken Languages
06x07: Evolving Connectivity for AI Applications with Ultra Ethernet with J Metz
CrewAI - Building a Custom Crew
I interview the man behind AI Virtual Try-On
WE MUST ADD STRUCTURE TO DEEP LEARNING BECAUSE...
Data is code
NVIDIA's lack of an AI PC - Good for Investors?
Making an April fool of AI and Tory leaders | Brief letters
3 AI Tools to Finish Hours of Work in Minutes!
There is no distinction between data and code! #tech
Women in AI: Urvashi Aneja is researching the social impact of AI in India
Your Cloud Strategy Is Now Your AI Strategy, Too
How to Tell What GPU You Have Inside Your PC or Laptop
Filing: Sam Altman no longer controls the OpenAI Startup Fund, which has a $325M+ gross asset value; Ian Hathaway, who has helped manage the fund, is in charge (Dan Primack/Axios)
Deep Learning in Javascript
Navigating the Challenges of LLMs in Big Data Analytics with Google Cloud
New York City to Test Controversial AI Gun Detection in Subway Stations
A Humanitarian Crises Situation Report AI Assistant: Exploring LLMOps with Prompt Flow
Taking the Azure Open AI Challenge, Day 5: Azure Document Intelligence
TechCrunch Minute: Amazon bets $4B on Anthropic's success
Gatsby vs Next.js vs Remix: Which to Choose?
OpenTelemetry Is Too Complicated, VictoriaMetrics Says
I made 14 LLMs fight each other in 314 Street Fighter III matches, then created a Chess-inspired Elo rating system to rank their performance
'Yell at your robot' technique teaches robots household chores
[P] Scalable and ML-Oriented Google Drive alternative for Google Colab
AI search engine Perplexity, which touts on its site that search should be  free from the influence of advertising-driven models , says it will sell ads (Trishla Ostwal/Adweek)
How One Tech Skeptic Decided AI Might Benefit the Middle Class
Why Vector Size Matters
5 AI Courses From Google to Advance Your Career
[D] Python code to remove background from image better than rembg
Fire Extinguishing Ball Manufacturer Says Safety Agency Doesn't Understand How Its Product Works
The biggest challenge with increased cybersecurity attacks, according to analysts
Brian Tolkin, Head of Product, at Opendoor   Interview Series
5 Learning Platforms That Every Techie Should Sign Up To
Using Claude 3 to Transform a Video Tutorial Into a Blog Post
How (Not) to Cheat with Data Visualizations
You no longer need to register to use ChatGPT, but there are some limitations
AI companies are courting Hollywood: Do they come in peace?
How will AI reshape the data center?
MoE-LLaVA: Mixture of Experts for Large Vision-Language Models
The Coming Copyright Reckoning for Generative AI
Fine-tuning VADER Classifier with Domain-specific Lexicons
Now you can use ChatGPT without an account
OpenAI's Voice Engine can clone a voice from a 15-second clip. Listen for yourself
CEO of Google DeepMind Says AI Industry Full of Hype and Grifters
OpenAI claims its software can clone your voice from 15 seconds of you talking
Sora AI: Unraveling Sora's Architecture and Working Intuitively!
OpenAI no longer requires users to have an account to use ChatGPT, with some limitations like a different content policy, beginning today in a few markets (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
Andretti's AI SPAC Deal Brings Little Cash as Shares Tumble 54%
Inside DBRX: Databricks' Impressive Open Source LLM
Extending #SemanticKernel using OllamaSharp for chat and text completion
[D] Can't escape OpenAI in my workplace, anyone else?
To highlight an attack vector, a researcher made a package with a name hallucinated by ChatGPT; it had 30K+ downloads in three months and appeared in many repos (Lasso Security)
Generative AI becoming a concern for supply chain managers
FLaNK AI - 01 April 2024
ChatGPT no longer requires an account   but there's a catch
Global Survey Reveals Unifying Data Across Various Platforms is Crucial For Effective AI
List Data Structure in 5 mins - Python
Ex-Stability AI leader says being a CEO sucks: 'Elon was right'
You can now use ChatGPT without an account
Chat app Telegram challenges Meta with the launch of new 'Business' features and revenue-sharing
How does one get into  training a model ? What are requisite skills for such a task?
Google's AI Still Giving Idiotic Answers Nearly a Year After Launch
OpenAI: Start using ChatGPT instantly
Apple researchers detail an AI system that can resolve ambiguous references to on-screen entities, in some cases better than GPT-4 can, and can run  on-device  (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Understanding LLMs: Mixture of Experts
[P] Stale Diffusion: Hyper-Realistic 5D Movie Generation Using Old-School Methods
Villains, but in Ghibli style
Banks in Singapore begin sharing data to combat financial crime
Beyond HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: What's Next in Your Web Development Journey?
NVIDIA's High Margins Eyed by a Coalition of Competitors and Customers
Sam Altman gives up control of OpenAI Startup Fund, resolving unusual corporate venture structure
Nvidia's Xbox takeover and Cyberpunk's retro twist highlight April Fools' Day fun
Telegram now lets Premium users turn their account into a business account, with options like a custom start page, greeting and away messages, and chatbots (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Big Data Career Notes: March 2024 Edition
A Journey Through Time Series, RNNs, LSTMs to the Pinnacle of Attention Mechanisms
Microsoft, OpenAI may be dreaming of $100B 5GW AI 'Stargate' supercomputer
Addressing challenges in automated driving: A safe motion planning and control framework
Virtual Threads em Java - O Java que voa!
Weekly Top Picks #69
OpenAI's stock investing GPTs fail this basic question about stock investing
Study finds 'digital humans' as effective as real ones in ergonomics training
Beyond Generative AI: Building a Comprehensive and Scalable Digital Infrastructure
Use your own neural net to generate images
Simplify Database Migrations using Python with Alembic
Google AI Introduces SEEDS: A Generative AI Model that Advances Medium-Range Weather Forecasting
ChatGPT no longer requires a login, but you might want one anyway. Here's why
I built an open-source tool that helps add usage-based billing for your LLM projects
Evolution of RAGs: Naive RAG, Advanced RAG, and Modular RAG Architectures
[D] Feature engineering in deep learning when the data is limited
An AI model with emotional intelligence? I cried, and Hume's EVI told me it cared
Apple researchers develop AI that can 'see' and understand screen context
Using Artificial Intelligence to Detect a Brain Tumor
AI Companies Running Out of Training Data After Burning Through Entire Internet
US House of Reps tells staff: No Microsoft Copilot for you!
PromptTools Project: Open-Source Toolkit for Prompt Testing and Experimentation with Support for both LLMs and Vector Databases
MultiOn Releases Agent API in Public Beta: A Leap Forward in Automated Web Tasks
The US and UK sign an agreement on how to test and assess risks from emerging AI models, marking the first bilateral arrangement on AI safety in the world (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
White House Unveils Guidelines for Safe, Secure, Responsible AI Use
Beyonc's new album 'Cowboy Carter' is a statement against AI music
Last Week in AI #264:    MIT's AI generates images 30x faster,   NYC welcomes robotaxis with safety drivers,    OpenAI's voice cloning tool, and more!
Samsung says Bixby's still not dead
OpenAI drops login requirements for ChatGPT's free version
Diving Deeper into AI Package Hallucinations
PEP 738   Adding Android as a supported platform
Building Autonomous AI Agent in Java with Action Scripts
Step Towards Sci-Fi: AI and BCI Insights From SXSW
Upstage AI Introduces Dataverse for Addressing Challenges in Data Processing for Large Language Models
From Data Science to Production: Streamlining Model Deployment in Cloud Environment
Quick tip: Using Apache Spark Structured Streaming with SingleStore Notebooks
adhan package: retreiving and aligning the prayer times in R
DevOps with Guruu | Chapter 18 : Build and Deploy DevSecOps Chatbot Use generative AI [ Full ]
India's First Fully Autonous AI Scooter
Q&A with Intuit Mailchimp CEO Rania Succar on the core business of email, acquiring Mailchimp in 2021, generative AI, shutting down TinyLetter, and more (Nilay Patel/The Verge)
Slip Robotics wins Best New Innovation in Supply Chain at MODEX 2024
ChatGPT no longer requires an account to use, but there are some limitations
The Dark Side of AI/AGI
Finding Best Training Hyper Parameters / Configuration Is Neither Cheap Nor Easy
A Complete Developer Guide to Vector Embeddings!
10 Free AI Courses by NVIDIA
Hailo Raises $120 Million to Design More Efficient AI Chips
Why it's already too late to stop the AI apocalypse
ChatGPT will soon be accessible without an account
10 Companies Powering FinTech with Artificial Intelligence (AI)
AIhub monthly digest: March 2024   human-robot interaction, serverless computing, and deep reinforcement learning for communication networks
We Finally Have A Hugging Chat for Indic LLMs
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/1/2024
Transforming Multi-Dimensional Data Processing with MambaMixer: A Leap Towards Efficient and Scalable Machine Learning Models
[D] What was the best math book/course you had for deep learning?
[D] LLMs causing more harm than good for the field?
But what is a GPT?  Visual intro to Transformers | Deep learning, chapter 5
Clario announces acquisition of AI-powered software company ArtiQ
From Theory to Robotics: Applying Sums-of-Squares Optimization for Better Control
Google Unveils Gecko, a Versatile Text Embedding Model Distilled from Large Language Models
Anand Mahindra Praises Swaayatt Robots' Level 5 Autonomy Efforts
How stressed are you all?
Top Artificial Intelligence (AI) Tools for Image Creation
Farm to Table: The Workflow of a Classification Model
How to Evaluate the Best Data Observability Tools
Meet Dawn AI: An AI Analytics Start-Up Transforming User Requests and Model Outputs into Metrics
Google to delete billions of Incognito mode browsing records as part of lawsuit settlement
data mining vs. machine learning
An interview with outgoing ASML CTO Martin van den Brink on the company's rise, Moore's Law, competition from Chinese companies, hyper-NA technology, and more (MIT Technology Review)
We are Entering an Era of 'LLM Pollution'
Avoiding the dangers of AI-generated code
Article: Adding a Natural Language Interface to Your Application
The US and UK are teaming up to test the safety of AI models
How to make a clock using html , JavaScript and CSS and deploy it using firebase
UK and US sign pact to develop AI safety tests
This AI Paper from Arizona State University Discusses Whether Large Language Models (LLMs) Can Reason And Plan?
Reliance's Tamil Nadu Campus may Mark Meta's first India Data Centre Entry
Data science manager conundrum
US and UK to join forces in AI safety testing
9 Top AI Search Engines for Developers in 2024:
Edge 383: The Key Capabilities of Autonomous Agens
This Indian Logistics Company Developed an LLM to Enhance Last-Mile Delivery
AIM Loves Perplexity AI
Are long context windows the end of RAG?
How Generative AI in Finance Cuts Costs and Improves Customer Experience
Counteracting Financial Crimes with Generative Models
Six AI powerhouses and digital services companies launch AI/R
Custom LLM for personal information
Build a Serverless S3 Explorer with Dash
Indeed announces AI-powered work experience writer and support for multiple resumes
Here's How Generative AI Depicts Queer People
How NVIDIA is Turning Data Centers into AI Factories for Generative AI
Tired of writing HTML by hand? Meet OpenUI Project: An AI Tool that Lets You Describe UI Using Your Imagination and then See it Rendered Live
OpenAI Unveils ChatGPT for All: No Account, No Problem
How tech can help the Latin American textile industry compete with Chinese fast fashion
Top Python Programming Books to Read in 2024
[D] SOTA BERT-like model?
Haye
Hailo lands $120 million to keep battling Nvidia as most AI chip startups struggle
AI Protections Secured for Animation Voice Actors
Don't Get Canceled: How To Overcome GenAI Consumer Backlash
Bumper corporate profits helped prevent mass layoffs and a recession, says leading economist
Modal raises $25M to train corporate workers on data and AI
GPT-4 in a Cancer Center: Challenges and Lessons from Dana-Farber's Deployment
UK, US strike landmark deal on AI safety testing
I'm a software engineer for Nvidia. Here's how I landed the job &mdash; and how much I'm making.
Researcher from Upwork Releases Nandi, Gemma-based Telugu Model
Latest Steam survey: Nvidia's mid-range GPUs top the charts, a bad month for AMD
Jon Stewart Confirms Apple Wouldn't Let Him Do Show on AI With FTC Chair
HHS Technology Group introduces ConstellationAI
The Only Interview Prep Course You Need for Deep Learning
The Download: inside chipmaking giant ASML, and why Taiwan loves Threads
Deep Dive into Sora's Diffusion Transformer (DiT) by Hand
Yahoo bought AI-powered news app Artifact from Instagram's co-founders
Meta Unveils 24k GPU AI Infrastructure Design
Yahoo is acquiring Instagram co-founders' AI-powered news startup Artifact
Data Science Hiring Process at Epsilon
TechCrunch Early Stage 2024 Women's Breakfast: Exploring AI's impact on founders
Microsoft is working on an Xbox AI chatbot
OpenAI's DALL-E 3 gets a text-based image editor right inside ChatGPT
I MADE AN AI MOVIE
Generative AI on the Cheap
Building your own Object Detector from Scratch with Tensorflow
Sources: Microsoft is testing a new AI-powered Xbox chatbot that can automate support tasks via an  embodied AI character , as part of larger Xbox AI efforts (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Butterfly-inspired AI technology takes flight
Form and Function: How I Lost My Submit Button & Got It Back
Introducing Mantelo - The Best Keycloak Admin Client for Python
Yahoo is buying Artifact, the AI news app from the Instagram co-founders
Hailo Debuts Edge GenAI Chip, Raises $120 Million
A profile of MIT labor economist David Autor, an unlikely AI optimist who says AI may help restore  the middle-skill, middle-class heart of the US labor market  (Steve Lohr/New York Times)
Israel-based AI chipmaker Hailo raised a $120M Series C extension from Israeli firms and family offices at a $1.2B valuation, taking its total funding to $340M (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Configuring Pytest to Run Doctest
Detecting objects with YOLOv5, OpenCV, Python and C++
AI21 and Databricks show open source can radically slim down AI
Microsoft's $100 Billion Scientific Gamble
Can Large Language Models (LLMs) label data?
A Data Analysis Project   Coffee Shop Sales Analysis.
A Beginner's Guide to the Top 10 Machine Learning Algorithms
CG Infinity, Truyo's partnership changes Landscape of AI Governance
[P] SWE-agent: an open source coding agent that achieves 12.29% on SWE-bench
Purpose-built AI builds better customer experiences
US, UK ink AI pact modeled on intel sharing agreements
Researchers find LLMs struggle with exploration, a key capability for useful AI agents
Sam Altman has handed over control of OpenAI startup fund
What is a Data Visualization Grammar?
Detecting Hallucinations in Large Language Models with Text Similarity Metrics
Quantum-Powered Machine Learning Spots Pneumonia in Chest X-Rays
CosmicMan is a new AI image model optimized for generating images of people
Confessions of a Kubernetes Convert: From Chaos to Calm with Container Orchestration
A simple ChatGPT prompt turns a classic story like Sherlock Holmes into a game
Fujitsu Uses AI, Underwater Drones for Ocean Digital Twin
AI Valuations May Be Coming Down to Earth; A Glimpse of OpenAI's Search Engine
This AI newsletter is all you need #93
[D] RAGFlow: Customizable, Credible, Explainable RAG engine based on document structure recognition models
Food fraud is a growing economic and health issue   but AI and blockchain technology can help combat it
Bringing Python to Workers using Pyodide and WebAssembly
Google Gemini Free API
Read AI expands its AI-powered summaries from meetings to messages and emails
Digital Realty to host NVIDIA-Powered AI Supercomputer in Denmark
Hailo Raises $120M In Latest Sign Of Chip Investing Frenzy
An A.I. Researcher Takes On Election Deepfakes
AI Code Generation: 6 FAQs for Developers
Read AI, which uses generative AI to summarize meetings, emails, and other messages, raised a $21M Series A led by Goodwater Capital (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Billie Eilish, Katy Perry, and 200+ others sign a letter to AI developers and tech companies decrying  predatory  AI that steals voices, replaces artists, more (Sara Fischer/Axios)
Women in AI: Kristine Gloria of the Aspen Institute tells women to enter the field and 'follow your curiosity'
Luminance, which offers generative AI tools for lawyers, raised a $40M Series B led by March Capital and says 600 organizations in 70 countries use its tools (Lucy Adams/Tech.eu)
5 Common Python Gotchas (And How To Avoid Them)
Empowering AI: SuperAnnotate's revolution in data annotation
Apple claims its on-device AI system ReaLM 'substantially outperforms' GPT-4
Yahoo digs up defunct news app Artifact
Startup Extropic plans to revolutionize AI hardware by embracing the power of randomness
Microsoft is testing an AI chatbot to handle Xbox customer support: Here's how it works
Apple's second-gen AirPods are available at a rare discount
Perplexity bets on brand-sponsored questions to fund its AI search ambitions
US and UK announce formal partnership on artificial intelligence safety
US, UK Form Historic Alliance on AI Safety, Testing
Jon Stewart on AI: 'It's replacing us in the workforce   not in the future, but now'
Beyond Git: A New Collaboration Model for AI/ML Development
OctoAI wants to makes private AI model deployments easier with OctoStack
Computer Vision Enabled Basketball Analytics
Clone the Abilities of Powerful LLMs into Small Local Models Using Knowledge Distillation
Quoting Alex Komoroske
LangSmith: Production Monitoring & Automations
Clearwater picks up Wilshire Advisors' risk analytics platforms for $40 million
Accenture Invests in AI-Powered Humanoid Robot Company
Tune and Deploy LoRA LLMs with NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM
Building a Deep Face Detection Model with Python and TensorFlow (Part 3)
Miranda Lambert, Billie Eilish, Nicki Minaj submit letter to AI developers to honor artists' rights
Congrats to our Frontend Challenge Winners!
From Static Slides to Smart Speeches: The Rise of AI-Powered Presentations
Hailo Revolutionizes Edge AI with Launch of Powerful Hailo-10 Accelerator and Secures $120 Million Funding
Billie Eilish and Katy Perry among 200 artists protesting AI's  assault on human creativity
Study: AI writing, illustration emits hundreds of times less carbon than humans
Ex-Yahoo CEO Launches Shine, an AI-Powered Group Photo Sharing App
Read AI raises $21M to bring connected intelligence to meetings, email, and messaging
Hailo takes on Nvidia with energy-efficient gen AI accelerator for edge devices and $120M in funding
UK and US to jointly develop AI test suites to tackle risks
What fringe computer vision technologies would be in high demand in the coming years?
Nicki Minaj, Billie Eilish, Katy Perry and other musicians sign letter against irresponsible AI
AI in workplace settings: A hands-on experience
Did you see this coming?
AI can take over key management roles in scientific research, shows study
Setting A Dockerized Python Environment   The Elegant Way
Down the Toxicity Rabbit Hole: A Novel Framework to Bias Audit Large Language Models
A Proof of the Central Limit Theorem
End-to-End Beam Retrieval for Multi-Hop Question Answering
Low-code LLM: Graphical User Interface over Large Language Models
Wristband uses echoes and AI to track hand positions for VR and more
Billie Eilish, Pearl Jam, 200 artists say AI poses existential threat to their livelihoods
Fair Abstractive Summarization of Diverse Perspectives
Stress index strategy enhanced with financial news sentiment analysis for the equity markets
Flames: Benchmarking Value Alignment of Chinese Large Language Models
Anthropic researchers wear down AI ethics with repeated questions
LLMs and Finetuning: Benchmarking cross-domain performance for hate speech detection
Enhancing Content-based Recommendation via Large Language Model
Citation: A Key to Building Responsible and Accountable Large Language Models
SemGauss-SLAM: Dense Semantic Gaussian Splatting SLAM
Fake Alignment: Are LLMs Really Aligned Well?
Psittacines of Innovation? Assessing the True Novelty of AI Creations
Tuning Language Models by Proxy
Space, life, and feelings I cannot explain
Health Text Simplification: An Annotated Corpus for Digestive Cancer Education and Novel Strategies for Reinforcement Learning
DiagGPT: An LLM-based Chatbot with Automatic Topic Management for Task-Oriented Dialogue
ARES: An Automated Evaluation Framework for Retrieval-Augmented Generation Systems
SMILE: Multimodal Dataset for Understanding Laughter in Video with Language Models
DeepEdit: Knowledge Editing as Decoding with Constraints
MCTS: A Multi-Reference Chinese Text Simplification Dataset
Are Multilingual LLMs Culturally-Diverse Reasoners? An Investigation into Multicultural Proverbs and Sayings
UAV-Borne Mapping Algorithms for Low-Altitude and High-Speed Drone Applications
Self-Checker: Plug-and-Play Modules for Fact-Checking with Large Language Models
CM-TTS: Enhancing Real Time Text-to-Speech Synthesis Efficiency through Weighted Samplers and Consistency Models
Exploring the Factual Consistency in Dialogue Comprehension of Large Language Models
BootAug: Boosting Text Augmentation via Hybrid Instance Filtering Framework
TelME: Teacher-leading Multimodal Fusion Network for Emotion Recognition in Conversation
Evaluation of large language models for discovery of gene set function
Transformer models: an introduction and catalog
QUAR-VLA: Vision-Language-Action Model for Quadruped Robots
Length Extrapolation of Transformers: A Survey from the Perspective of Position Encoding
A Survey of using Large Language Models for Generating Infrastructure as Code
LLM-as-a-Coauthor: Can Mixed Human-Written and Machine-Generated Text Be Detected?
CuSINeS: Curriculum-driven Structure Induced Negative Sampling for Statutory Article Retrieval
OVM, Outcome-supervised Value Models for Planning in Mathematical Reasoning
Topologies of Reasoning: Demystifying Chains, Trees, and Graphs of Thoughts
Identifying Linear Relational Concepts in Large Language Models
CodeBenchGen: Creating Scalable Execution-based Code Generation Benchmarks
Towards LogiGLUE: A Brief Survey and A Benchmark for Analyzing Logical Reasoning Capabilities of Language Models
Scaling Properties of Speech Language Models
LSA: Modeling Aspect Sentiment Coherency via Local Sentiment Aggregation
XSTest: A Test Suite for Identifying Exaggerated Safety Behaviours in Large Language Models
AI in Content Creation: Ethics and Authenticity
AbsPyramid: Benchmarking the Abstraction Ability of Language Models with a Unified Entailment Graph
AI Act and Large Language Models (LLMs): When critical issues and privacy impact require human and ethical oversight
AI Energy Crisis Boosts Interest in Chips That Do It All
Amazon Abandons Grocery Stores Where You Just Walk Out With Stuff After It Turns Out Its  AI  Was Powered by 1,000 Human Contractors
R-Spin: Efficient Speaker and Noise-invariant Representation Learning with Acoustic Pieces
The Best Defense is Attack: Repairing Semantics in Textual Adversarial Examples
A novel interface for adversarial trivia question-writing
SQL-PaLM: Improved Large Language Model Adaptation for Text-to-SQL (extended)
Teaching Language Models to Self-Improve through Interactive Demonstrations
Open source foundations unite on common standards for EU's Cybersecurity Resilience Act
LUT-GEMM: Quantized Matrix Multiplication based on LUTs for Efficient Inference in Large-Scale Generative Language Models
Assessing and Enhancing the Robustness of Large Language Models with Task Structure Variations for Logical Reasoning
Decentralized AI Discussion: Emad Mostaque Interview Days After Stepping Down as Stability CEO
When Does Monolingual Data Help Multilingual Translation: The Role of Domain and Model Scale
NAIST-SIC-Aligned: an Aligned English-Japanese Simultaneous Interpretation Corpus
Why A Bad LLM Is Worse Than No LLM At All
Large Language Models are Capable of Offering Cognitive Reappraisal, if Guided
Red Teaming Game: A Game-Theoretic Framework for Red Teaming Language Models
How to Create Powerful AI Representations by Combining Multimodal Information
Named Entity Recognition Under Domain Shift via Metric Learning for Life Sciences
IsoBench: Benchmarking Multimodal Foundation Models on Isomorphic Representations
Knowledgeable In-Context Tuning: Exploring and Exploiting Factual Knowledge for In-Context Learning
Towards Safety and Helpfulness Balanced Responses via Controllable Large Language Models
Apple Researchers Make AI that Can Read Between the Pixels
ETH Zurich Researchers Unveil New Insights into AI's Compositional Learning Through Modular Hypernetworks
AI to Boost Australian Bank Stocks Like CBA, Perpetual Says
Amazon to lure upstarts with $500K in AWS AI credits each
Food and Sun: Wolfram Language Recipe Graphs for the Solar Eclipse
3 UK Cyber Security Trends to Watch in 2024
A hybrid data-driven framework considering feature extraction for battery state of health estimation and life prediction
NYC's AI gun detectors hardly work
Billie Eilish, Nicki Minaj, Stevie Wonder and more musicians demand protection against AI
What's Your Favorite Tech Stack and Why?
US and UK will work together to test AI models for safety threats
X's Grok AI is great   if you want to know how to hot wire a car, make drugs, or worse
25+ AI Companies from Y Combinator that have Trained their Own AI Models Instead of Using Someone Else's Closed Model Through an API like a Black Box
Copilot in Microsoft 365 adds new AI perks and here's how to get them
Revolutionizing Startups: Unveiling the Best AI Tools
Sync the Kafka Cluster CA Certificate into your namespace
This AI Paper from China Proposes MineLand: A Multi-Agent Minecraft Simulator that Bridges the Gap in Multi-Agent Simulations with Real-World Complexity
George Carlin's Estate Reaches Settlement After A.I. Podcast
Replit launches Code Repair, an AI agent to automatically fix coding errors, and Teams, which allows developers to collaborate in real time on software projects (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
[D] For those who consider buying AMD GPUs
Are there any benefits of using two Nvidia RTX 4090 in a single computer?
[D] GPT-3.5-Turbo is most likely the same size as Mixtral-8x7B!
TripoSR: Rapid 3D Object Synthesis from Single Images
HTTP Endpoints with Large Action Model - Complete AI Integration
Anthropic researchers detail  many-shot jailbreaking , which can evade LLMs' safety guardrails by including a large number of faux dialogues in a single prompt (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
DRAGIN: A Novel Machine Learning Framework for Dynamic Retrieval Augmentation in Large Language Models and Outperforming Conventional Methods
AI21 Labs Debuts an Open-Source Model With High Token Throughput
Researchers at Google DeepMind Present Gecko: A Compact and Versatile Embedding Model Powered by the Vast World Knowledge of LLMs
SQL Mastery: Advanced Techniques for Data Professionals
Yahoo leaps toward AI-powered news with Artifact acquisition
flatten() and unbind() in PyTorch
Modal, which offers employees personalized technical and AI skills training, raised a $25M Series A co-led by Left Lane Capital and Ensemble VC (Andrew Mendez/Silicon Valley ...)
Now there's an AI gas station with robot fry cooks
Showing AI just 1000 extra images reduced AI-generated stereotypes
Stability AI reportedly ran out of cash to pay its bills for rented cloudy GPUs
DALL-E adds a new way to adjust AI-generated images. Learn how to use it
Exploring Python's Asyncio for Asynchronous Programming
Anthropic Explores Many-Shot Jailbreaking: Exposing AI's Newest Weak Spot
Top Open Source Large Language Models (LLMs) Available For Commercial Use
Analyzing 40 Million Hacker News Items: User Behavior, Story Scoring, and Content Trends
Salesforce AI Introduces Moira: A Cutting-Edge Time Series Foundation Model Offering Universal Forecasting Capabilities
MusiLingo: Bridging Music and Text with Pre-trained Language Models for Music Captioning and Query Response
Identifying Self-Disclosures of Use, Misuse and Addiction in Community-based Social Media Posts
Towards Generalizable and Faithful Logic Reasoning over Natural Language via Resolution Refutation
More Samples or More Prompts? Exploring Effective In-Context Sampling for LLM Few-Shot Prompt Engineering
An Empirical Study of Catastrophic Forgetting in Large Language Models During Continual Fine-tuning
AI Claude started intensely hallucinating words while I was asking it for feedback on a science writing project. I was asking it to give me feedback in the voice of Jad Abumrad from RadioLab. Anybody else see this with Claude?
On Retrieval Augmentation and the Limitations of Language Model Training
Value Kaleidoscope: Engaging AI with Pluralistic Human Values, Rights, and Duties
LastResort at SemEval-2024 Task 3: Exploring Multimodal Emotion Cause Pair Extraction as Sequence Labelling Task
SLIDE: Reference-free Evaluation for Machine Translation using a Sliding Document Window
CASA: Causality-driven Argument Sufficiency Assessment
Do Localization Methods Actually Localize Memorized Data in LLMs? A Tale of Two Benchmarks
Exploring Automated Distractor Generation for Math Multiple-choice Questions via Large Language Models
I created an AI Chatbot
HD raises $5.6M to build a Sierra AI for healthcare in Southeast Asia
Efficient End-to-End Visual Document Understanding with Rationale Distillation
Rematch: Robust and Efficient Matching of Local Knowledge Graphs to Improve Structural and Semantic Similarity
Improving Retrieval Augmented Open-Domain Question-Answering with Vectorized Contexts
Deconstructing In-Context Learning: Understanding Prompts via Corruption
AceGPT, Localizing Large Language Models in Arabic
Long-context LLMs Struggle with Long In-context Learning
ExpertQA: Expert-Curated Questions and Attributed Answers
Navigating your data platform's growing pains: a path from data mess to data mesh
Open Source Libraries are Going Through Trust Issues
An interview with Oren Etzioni, the former CEO of Allen Institute for AI, on his nonprofit TrueMedia.org, which offers free tools for identifying deepfakes (New York Times)
Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is: Evaluating Strategic Planning and Execution of LLM Agents in an Auction Arena
Ukrainian Texts Classification: Exploration of Cross-lingual Knowledge Transfer Approaches
Transfer Learning from Whisper for Microscopic Intelligibility Prediction
LLM-Rec: Personalized Recommendation via Prompting Large Language Models
Large Language Models Help Humans Verify Truthfulness -- Except When They Are Convincingly Wrong
The Butterfly Effect of Altering Prompts: How Small Changes and Jailbreaks Affect Large Language Model Performance
TeleChat Technical Report
The taste of IPA: Towards open-vocabulary keyword spotting and forced alignment in any language
You don't need a personality test to know these models are unreliable: Assessing the Reliability of Large Language Models on Psychometric Instruments
PANDA: Prompt Transfer Meets Knowledge Distillation for Efficient Model Adaptation
Instruction-following Evaluation through Verbalizer Manipulation
MultiParaDetox: Extending Text Detoxification with Parallel Data to New Languages
Principles from Clinical Research for NLP Model Generalization
LatticeGen: A Cooperative Framework which Hides Generated Text in a Lattice for Privacy-Aware Generation on Cloud
Semantically-Prompted Language Models Improve Visual Descriptions
What if you said that differently?: How Explanation Formats Affect Human Feedback Efficacy and User Perception
TopicGPT: A Prompt-based Topic Modeling Framework
Apple's new AI aims to take on GPT-4 with its ability to understand context clues
Make professional videos for free with Synthesia
Semi-Structured Chain-of-Thought: Integrating Multiple Sources of Knowledge for Improved Language Model Reasoning
How Trustworthy are Open-Source LLMs? An Assessment under Malicious Demonstrations Shows their Vulnerabilities
Quantifying Self-diagnostic Atomic Knowledge in Chinese Medical Foundation Model: A Computational Analysis
Lewis's Signaling Game as beta-VAE For Natural Word Lengths and Segments
HALO: An Ontology for Representing and Categorizing Hallucinations in Large Language Models
Contextual Label Projection for Cross-Lingual Structure Extraction
Sentiment Analysis of Citations in Scientific Articles Using ChatGPT: Identifying Potential Biases and Conflicts of Interest
Innovations in Neural Data-to-text Generation: A Survey
YAYI-UIE: A Chat-Enhanced Instruction Tuning Framework for Universal Information Extraction
Using Interpretation Methods for Model Enhancement
Using Large Language Models for (De-)Formalization and Natural Argumentation Exercises for Beginner's Students
From Data Scientist to ML / AI Product Manager
Improving the Diproche CNL through Autoformalization via Large Language Models
Generate AI Songs for Free - Gemini API
MM-Interleaved: Interleaved Image-Text Generative Modeling via Multi-modal Feature Synchronizer
Event Causality Is Key to Computational Story Understanding
CLAPNQ: Cohesive Long-form Answers from Passages in Natural Questions for RAG systems
BERTopic-Driven Stock Market Predictions: Unraveling Sentiment Insights
Constructing Cross-lingual Consumer Health Vocabulary with Word-Embedding from Comparable User Generated Content
CSS Rounded Corners Examples
How to convert XML files to CSV format using Boomi in Docker
George Carlin's estate settles lawsuit against podcasters' AI comedy special
Building Machine Learning Projects: Tips for Developers to Learn Effectively
Cloudflare Powers One-Click-Simple Global Deployment for AI Applications with Hugging Face
Are We on the Right Way for Evaluating Large Vision-Language Models? This AI Paper from China Introduces MMStar: An Elite Vision-Dependent Multi-Modal Benchmark
Akooda launches its AI-powered Search Platform
Ontra welcomes John Lofy as SVP of Customer Success
Turns out AI chatbots are way more persuasive than humans
Billie Eilish and hundreds of artists call out 'predatory' AI
1.Describe Selenium Architecture in detail?2.What is the significance of the Python Virtual Environment? Give some examples?
HCLTech Launches Strategic Initiative with Google Cloud to Scale Gemini
DE&I in Tech 2024   India
Opera allows users to download and use LLMs locally
Student wanting to maximise last year of study
How Solving the Big Data Problem Can Fix B2B Ecommerce
CenterSquare Investment Management invests in Aligned Data Centers
Gradient AI announces Alan Sherman as Vice President of Marketing
AI Enthusiasm Hides Little VC Investor Excitement for US Startups
Industrial systems integrating digitalisation
Introducing GAS Prettier - A Chrome Extension to Beautify Your Google Apps Script Code
GitHub is Bringing Enterprise-level Security to GitHub Hosted Runners
Amazon Invests $4B to Advance Generative AI Tech to Customers
[Discussion] RELU and MaxPooling in input data -1 -> +1
Early warning system to track Asian hornets unveiled by UK researchers
AI George Carlin case settled as performers demand better protection
Want to Code Using GPT-4? Meet Cursor: An AI-Powered Code Editor/IDE Built Designed to Help Developers Build Software Faster
DiJiang: A Groundbreaking Frequency Domain Kernelization Method Designed to Address the Computational Inefficiencies Inherent in Traditional Transformer Models
Google: Open-source AI is a spectrum, not a binary choice with clear-cut risks
The Rise of Mixture of Experts (MoE) Models
Google Researchers Prove that Bigger Models are Not Always Better
How this open source LLM chatbot runner hit the gas on x86, Arm CPUs
AI Image Generators Can't Make a Simple White Background
A new AI-powered tool could revolutionize how lawmakers are held accountable for insider trading
AI and Tourism Industry
Meet Taylor AI: A YC-Funded Startup that Uses its API for Large-Scale Text Classification and is Cheaper than an LLM
40% of Companies Will Use AI to 'Interview' Job Applicants, Report
Apple's 3B LLM Outperforms GPT-4
a very tool for developing quantitative strategy model
21 AI Tools that are changing the World
Opera is now the first leading browser with built-in local LLMs
Is Your Older Ryzen CPU Fast Enough for the RTX 4080?
To Unveil the AI Black Box: Researchers at Imperial College London Proposes a Machine Learning Framework for Making AI Explain Itself
This AI early warning system could limit Asian hornet invasions
Jon Stewart takes aim at Sam, Satya and Sundar for 'false promises' on AI and jobs
Carpooling rebounds as BlaBlaCar raises  100M and reaches profitability
What is Apache Spark? The big data platform that crushed Hadoop
AI-Agency AI toolstack Project,
John Snow Labs announces First-Ever Generative AI Lab
Microsoft 365's Copilot gets a GPT-4 Turbo upgrade and improved image generation
Daily practice websites/platforms for Stats
Navigating the new era of commerce: Exploring the relationship between anthropomorphism in voice assistants and user safety perception
Fracttal One
Opera now lets Opera One users download and run 150 LLMs from 50+ families locally, including Llama and Google's Gemma, via the Ollama open source framework (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
Securiti's compliance management to help comply with new regulations
AI-Generated Spoofs of 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Are Flooding Instagram and TikTok
Research team develops reconfigurable photonic computing architecture for lifelong learning
Stability AI's new audio model creates even longer songs - here's how to try it for free
[D] Is RAG just glorified prompt Engineering?
OpenAI's DALL-E 3 gets a text-based image editor inside ChatGPT
OpenAI says that paid users can now edit DALL-E images in ChatGPT across web, iOS, and Android, using a selection tool and additional text prompts (Ina Fried/Axios)
TSMC  still assessing  chipmaking facilities after 7.4-magnitude quake hits Taiwan
A draft US-EU statement outlines plans to use AI to search for replacements for so-called forever chemicals that are prevalent in chip manufacturing (Alberto Nardelli/Bloomberg)
Explore all ways to implement RLS Rules
How Gen AI is changing the way we work
AWS and Mistral AI expand collaboration
RAG for Beginners
[Need advice]I Want to Leave MAANG a Month After Being Hired
How to Create Pie Chart in Python with Pandas
The world's biggest chipmaker just got hit by an earthquake. That could mean production delays for customers like Apple and Nvidia.
Hollywood celebs are scared of deepfakes: This talent agency will use AI to fight them
Announcing the Keynote and Featured Speakers for ODSC East 2024
9 AI jobs you can get without being an expert coder, from product designer to sales engineer
Anthropic study reveals how malicious examples can bypass LLM safety measures at scale
George Carlin estate forces  AI Carlin  off the Internet for good
Google Cracks Bengaluru's Traffic
Adding generative AI to your Cloud Flows with AI Prompts
Stability AI Launches Stable Audio 2.0: Empowering Artists with Next-Gen Audio Tools
7 Pandas Hacks That Every AI Expert Should Know
Computer scientists show the way: AI models need not be so power hungry
AI-Powered Health Assistant Unveiled by World Health Organization
Research Focus: Week of April 1, 2024
Stability AI's audio generator can now crank out 3 minute 'songs'
ByteTrade Lab and UC Berkeley Partner to Explore the Next Generation of Decentralized AI
Women in AI: Kathi Vidal at the USPTO has been working on AI since the early 1990s
GPU Data Centers Strain Power Grids: Balancing AI Innovation and Energy Consumption
Machine learning approach sheds new light on hotel customer satisfaction
AGI is Just 'A Guy in India'
TechCrunch Minute: Yahoo buys Artifact news app from Instagram's co-founders
Breaking the Big Tech Grip: An AI Playing Field for Everyone's Benefit
Food fraud is a growing economic and health issue, but AI and blockchain technology can help combat it
Meta's AI image generator can't imagine an Asian man with a white woman
Amazon's Just Walk Out technology relies on hundreds of workers in India watching you shop
Stability AI releases Stable Audio 2.0, letting users create three minute sound clips from copyright-free audio samples, available for free via its website (Emilia David/The Verge)
Top AI Researchers Keep Leaving Facebook
Developers with AI assistants need to follow the pair programming model
Opera browser dev branch rolls out support for running LLMs locally
5 Ways to Make the Most Out of Your Conference Experience
Google Cloud/Cloud Security Alliance Report: IT and Security Pros Are 'Cautiously Optimistic' About AI
Three Ways AI Overcomes Customs Delays
OnePlus' First AI Tool Aims to Take On Google's Magic Eraser
Google Launches Program to Aid Nonprofits in Adopting Generative AI
EU and US set to announce joint working on AI safety, standards & R&D
Mistral AI, Europe's OpenAI rival, adds top LLM to Amazon Bedrock
New Lab: Generative AI Inference with NVIDIA NIM
Join us for the Cloudflare AI Challenge: $3,000 in Prizes!
Welcome to the AI gadget era
Tech policy is only frustrating 90% of the time
Kavikkal Balakrishnan, Co-Founder & CEO of Autonom8   Interview Series
Hyundai's Ioniq 5 N eN1 Cup car brings extreme EV performance to the track
[P] Making KNN more efficient with pre-elimination
OnePlus rolls out its own version of Google's Magic Eraser
The Math Behind Fine-Tuning Deep Neural Networks
US, EU to Use AI to Seek Alternate Chemicals for Making Chips
AI-generated songs are getting longer, not necessarily better
Former Snap AI chief launches Higgsfield to take on OpenAI's Sora video generator
Create And Revamp Your Own Offline ChatGPT On Local PC With GPT4All LLM In Java
OnePlus went ahead and built its own version of Google Magic Eraser
Brave is launching its AI assistant on iPhone and iPad
Open-source AI agent SWE-agent nips at the heels of Cognition AI's $21 million Devin
Apple's ReALM Challenges OpenAI's GPT-4
#19: Latest Edition of One More Thing in AI Newsletter
The Art of Prompting GPT-4: Python CSV Cleaning and Data Visual Code
How to selectively modify a Midjourney image to create an artistic statement
How to safeguard your business from AI-generated deepfakes
Enforcing conventions in Django projects with introspection
Stability AI Unveils Stable Audio 2.0: Empowering Creators with Advanced AI-Generated Audio
Stability AI unveils Stable Audio 2 for AI-generated music and audio effects
Prepare for more red pill memes: a fifth Matrix movie is happening
SK Hynix Plans to Spend $4 Billion on First US Chip Plant
What is Python? It's History, Applications and Future
AI hype invades Taco Bell and Pizza Hut
Why stock prediction papers aren't put to production? [D] [R]
Will Robotaxis and Optimus AI Save Tesla or Will it Go Bust?
Apple reportedly exploring AI-powered home robots - including these two products
The State of Generative AI, 2024
George Carlin AI-Enabled Fake Comedy Taken Down
I had no idea artificial intelligence could detect fraud. How does it do it?
OpenAI-backed Ghost Autonomy shuts down
All You Need to Know about Sensitive Data Handling Using Large Language Models
Face Off: Practical Face-Swapping with Machine Learning
DALL-E now lets you edit images in ChatGPT
Jon Stewart Skewers AI Industry for Salivating Over Replacing Jobs
Apple has been secretly building home robots that could end up as a new product line, report says
Israeli Military Using AI to Select Targets in Gaza With 'Rubber Stamp' From Human Operator: Report
Beware businesses claiming to use trailblazing technology. They might just be 'AI washing' to snare investors
These AI startups stood out the most in Y Combinator's Winter 2024 batch
The Legend of Fartin' Lou
The Double Pendulum and Beyond: Investigating Chaos With Multi-Armed Pendulums
Apple Researchers Present ReALM: An AI that Can 'See' and Understand Screen Context
.NET: Brincando com ref structs
How many ad-hoc data requests do you all get a week?
Sources: Google considers adding certain AI-powered search features to its premium subscription services, which already offer access to Gemini in Gmail and Docs (Financial Times)
High-speed railway track components inspection framework leverages latest advancements in AI
George Carlin's estate settles lawsuit over comedian's AI doppelganger
Google Considers Charging for AI-Fueled Search Features, FT Says
YC's Winter 2024 Demo Day confirms that we are indeed in an AI bubble
Australian writers have been envisioning AI for a century. Here are 5 stories to read as we grapple with rapid change
What do top companies test Data Analysts on (versus Data Science)?
Self-driving software startup Ghost Autonomy, formerly Ghost Locomotion, shuts down, after raising ~$220M and just five months after partnering with OpenAI (Kirsten Korosec/TechCrunch)
I have a group chat with three AI friends, thanks to Nomi AI. They're getting too smart.
What's Holding Up the ROI for GenAI?
AWS Bedrock, Claude 3, Serverless RAG, Rust
7 Frameworks, One SAML Jackson - Your Open Source Single Sign-On Solution
The Vital Role Data Annotation Plays in the Logistics Industry
Google might make users pay for AI features in search results
DALL E Images Now Editable Directly in ChatGPT on Web and Mobile Platforms
Data science project management tools
From Microsoft Teams to Democratizing AI for Small Businesses: The Journey Of Vinod Kumar
[D] Does RLHF really work? why do you use it?
Sources: Israel's bombing campaign in Gaza used Lavender, an AI system that identified 37,000 potential human targets based on their apparent links to Hamas (The Guardian)
An example of how Linear Programming has helped you on the job
Optimizing Memory and Retrieval for Graph Neural Networks with WholeGraph, Part 2
Batect in a nutshell
Researchers at the University of Glasgow Propose Shallow Cross-Encoders as an AI-based Solution for Low-Latency Information Retrieval
Elon Musk Says He's Boosting Tesla Pay to Stop OpenAI From Poaching
Meta's AI image generator struggles to create images of couples of different races
NASA Picks 3 Companies to Help Astronauts Drive Around the Moon
PCIe 7.0 first official draft lands, doubling bandwidth yet again
Steve Cohen says his firm can already save $25M by using AI
Meet Mini-Jamba: A 69M Parameter Scaled-Down Version of Jamba for Testing and Has the Simplest Python Code Generation Capabilities
A look at some exciting startups from day one of YC's Winter 2024 Demo Day, including those using AI for creating music and helping lawyers review documents (TechCrunch)
Interactive Conversations with PDFs on Paperspace Using Langchain
Core Web Vitals: UX alm da interface
Chinese mourners turn to AI to remember and 'revive' loved ones
Uber Eats rolls out delivery services with Waymo's self-driving cars in the Phoenix area, Uber's seventh site with autonomous deliveries and first with Waymo (Alex Koller/CNBC)
Stanford CS 25 Transformers Course (Open to Everybody | Starts Tomorrow)
Microsoft Has Quantum Computing Breakthrough With the Most Usable Qubits Improving Error Rates by 800x
30% of Young Americans Have Used ChatGPT at Work
AI Mimics Human Voices with Impressive Accuracy
Live CEOing Ep 781: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [% Modernization]
Differential Diffusion - Inpainting on Steroids!
Triggers and Events in MySQL | Advanced MySQL Series
History of Science and Technology Q&A (April 3, 2024)
SWE-Agent: The New Open Source Software Engineering Agent Takes on DEVIN
PS2 Filter Tutorial
Samsung revolutionizes Bixby with generative AI upgrade
US and UK Team Up for Groundbreaking AI Safety Partnership
Overcoming Cultural and Technological Hurdles for AI Integration in Life Sciences - with Daniel Ferrante of Deloitte
KubeCon EU Keynotes: A Call to Action to Innovate Responsibly With Generative AI
Hitchhiker's Guide to MLOps for Time Series Forecasting with Sklearn
You tell me : A Dataset of GPT-4-Based Behaviour Change Support Conversations
Non-AI Open Source Projects that are
Empirical Ventures raises 8.25M for deep science
UniLLMRec: An End-to-End LLM-Centered Recommendation Framework to Execute Multi-Stage Recommendation Tasks Through Chain-of-Recommendations
MaLA-500: Massive Language Adaptation of Large Language Models
Meet Candle: A Minimalist Machine Learning Framework for Rust that Focuses on Performance (Including GPU Support) and Ease of Use
Sloan's Inbox: Any advice for calming an opinionated contributor?
Top R Programming Books to Read in 2024
I created a v0.dev clone with Next.js, GPT4 & CopilotKit
Chip Startup Raises $70 Million to Quicken AI on Cars and Robots
AssemblyAI Unveils Universal-1: Surpassing Whisper-3 with Groundbreaking Accuracy and Speed in Speech Recognition
Hallucination Benchmark in Medical Visual Question Answering
SWE-agent achieves accuracy similar to that of Devin (a recently viral AI agent) on the SWE-bench benchmark, with a 12% fix rate for GitHub issues
Embedding AI in the Enterprise With IBM's Watson X
DCR: Divide-and-Conquer Reasoning for Multi-choice Question Answering with LLMs
Can Benign Data Undermine AI Safety? This Paper from Princeton University Explores the Paradox of Machine Learning Fine-Tuning
Google's AI search tool doesn't seem to have mastered math yet
Elon Musk says  Tesla is increasing comp ... of our AI engineering team , after OpenAI has been  aggressively recruiting Tesla engineers  with  massive  offers (Bloomberg)
In-memory computing, which seeks to reduce power consumption by processing data where it's stored, is seeing a boost in interest fueled by the AI energy crisis (Jane Lanhee Lee/Bloomberg)
How to Use OpenAI ChatGPT API. In SQL
India, grappling with election misinfo, weighs up labels and its own AI safety coalition
Edge 384: Inside Genie: Google DeepMind's Astonishing Model that can Build 2D Games from Text and Images
Heard on the Street   4/4/2024
Apple AirPods 2024: Everything We Know So Far
Instructional Fingerprinting of Large Language Models
Eye On AI: Microsoft Remains Infatuated With AI Startups, And It's Not Just Inflection And OpenAI
Non programmers, what AI have you linked together?
Elon Musk says he's raising Tesla engineer salaries because OpenAI has been aggressively poaching them with massive paydays
Using Neo4J's graph database for AI in Azure
This AI Paper Introduces a Novel and Significant Challenge for Vision Language Models (VLMs) Termed Unsolvable Problem Detection (UPD)
Improving Medical Reasoning through Retrieval and Self-Reflection with Retrieval-Augmented Large Language Models
Automation start-up Ghost closes up shop despite OpenAI deal
OctoAI Introduces OctoStack: Redefining Efficiency and Privacy in AI Applications
You Can Now Edit Images on DALL-E in ChatGPT, Here's How
[D] Visual Autoregressive Modeling: Scalable Image Generation via Next-Scale Prediction
Gemini: A Family of Highly Capable Multimodal Models
Silo AI launches Nordic LLM family to protect Europe's linguistic diversity
Biggest update to AI Speech Recognition
Understanding Video Transformers via Universal Concept Discovery
MambaByte: Token-free Selective State Space Model
Whispers of Doubt Amidst Echoes of Triumph in NLP Robustness
Google's AI-Powered Search Will Most Likely Be Behind a Paywall.So, Perplexity?
Some Tesla engineers are reportedly jumping ship to Elon Musk's AI startup
Don't Believe Everything You Read: Enhancing Summarization Interpretability through Automatic Identification of Hallucinations in Large Language Models
OpenAI says users can now edit images on Dall-E through ChatGPT
Google Cloud/Cloud Security Alliance survey of 2,486 IT and security professionals: 63% of security professionals believe AI could help in threat detection (Mike Wheatley/SiliconANGLE)
Restaking, Layer3, and AI: Top 4 Trends Set To Takeover DeFi In 2024
Big tech companies form new consortium to allay fears of AI job takeovers
Meet Plandex: An Open-Source Terminal-based AI Coding Engine for Complex Tasks
SCTc-TE: A Comprehensive Formulation and Benchmark for Temporal Event Forecasting
eWand: A calibration framework for wide baseline frame-based and event-based camera systems
Meta Finds People Are Ready for Chatbots &mdash; if They Have a Weekend to Spare
A Washington state judge barred the use of AI-enhanced video as trial evidence in a ruling that experts say may be the first-of-its-kind in a US criminal court (Tim Stelloh/NBC News)
An AI technology manufacturing shift from China to Mexico is being led by Foxconn
[P] Automating hyperparameter selection
How Useful are Computational Models to Traders in Their Decision Making?
How some MBA programs in the US are reorienting their courses around AI by adding AI-related classwork, encouraging using AI to solve lab assignments, and more (Lindsay Ellis/Wall Street Journal)
Aerospike raises $100M for its real-time database platform to capitalize on the AI boom
The AI Odyssey: A Journey Through its History and Philosophical Implications
Agent-OM: Leveraging LLM Agents for Ontology Matching
Why I wrote an AI transparency statement for my book, and think other authors should too | Kester Brewin
Ethernet advances will end Nvidia's InfiniBand lead in AI networks: Gartner
Fabric Madness
[D] LLMs are harming AI research
7 Best Python Visualization Libraries for 2024
NYC's AI chatbot was caught telling businesses to break the law. The city isn't taking it down
OpenAI's GPT Store Is Triggering Copyright Complaints
R Highcharts: How to Make Animated and Interactive Data Visualizations in R
Generative AI in the Industrial Sphere
Live CEOing Ep 780: Design Review of LLMFunctions features
Gradient Boosting 101
YouTube Says OpenAI Training Sora With Its Videos Would Break Rules
OpenAI Sees 'Tremendous Growth' in Corporate Version of ChatGPT
AI Lottery Website Taken Down After It Allegedly Put a User's Image Into Porn
YC's latest Demo Day shows fascinating wagers on healthcare, chip design, AI and more
Medical Schools Train the Next Generation of Clinicians to Better Understand AI
Column Transformation in Machine Learning
ABB Robotics, AUAR Launch AI-Enabled Home-Building Microfactories
How to duplicate a Sanity Dataset for FREE
KitOps: Bridging the Gap Between AI/ML and DevOps with Standardized Packaging
Google Books is indexing low quality, AI-generated books, which may impact Google Ngram viewer, an important tool used by researchers to track language use (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
[D] A visualization of the FMOps Infrastructure Stack. Your thoughts?
Game theory research shows AI can evolve into more selfish or cooperative personalities
Analiza nastrojw za pomoc funkcji PubNub i HuggingFace
Can Neural Networks Formulate Shock Wave?
Tech titans assemble to decide which jobs AI should cut first
Cohere releases Command R+, a new business-focused model the startup says performs competitively against OpenAI and others on  business-critical  tasks (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
llm-command-r
YouTube CEO's warning to OpenAI over Sora training data could backfire spectacularly
Meta's AI Refuses to Show Asian Men With White Women
Design Memorable Logos with Lyzr's Logo Generator
Report: Israel used AI to identify bombing targets in Gaza
If costs force Google to charge for AI, competitors will cheer
Beyond Personal Training: From Humans to AI
Sentiment Analysis with PubNub Functions and HuggingFace
Cloudflare Announces Major Updates for R2 Including Event Notifications and GCS Support
After AI-generated porn report, Washington Lottery pulls down interactive web app
atNorth in TechRound's Sustainability60; Shortlisted for Industry Awards
Tech companies want to build artificial general intelligence. But who decides when AGI is attained?
OpenAI expands its custom model training program
[R] Deepmind - Mixture-of-Depths: Dynamically allocating compute in transformer-based language models
Inventec unveils P8000IG6 for AI and HPC Workloads
Venturi's partner secures NASA Contract to Develop Artemis LTV
[Discussion] Accepted a salary drop for a ML position in research, is it usually a good move ?
Google Uses AI to Detect Floods a Week in Advance
Sentiment-Analyse mit PubNub-Funktionen und HuggingFace
AI-generated fake nude photos of students circulating: London, Ont. high school
Analyse des sentiments avec les fonctions PubNub et HuggingFace
OpenAI expands fine-tuning offering and believes in custom AI models for businesses
This game drawn by Dall-E has a ChatGPT host chatting with you.
SK Hynix confirms plans to bring HBM manufacturing to the US
Oracle and Palantir announced a new partnership
Simulated Data, Real Learnings: Scenario Analysis
JetBrains IDEs add AI-powered code autocompletion
AutoHyDE: Making HyDE Better for Advanced LLM RAG
AI Generates 3D City Maps From Single Radar Images
Feels like I'm in a grey area education wise.
AI Deepfakes Rising as Risk for APAC Organisations
The new Google search powered by next-gen AI may be subscription-only
AI startup Cognition Labs, founded in November, seeks $2B valuation
From Pixels to Places: Harnessing Geospatial Data with Machine Learning.
YouTube's CEO says that OpenAI training Sora with YouTube videos would violate YouTube's ToS, and Google adheres to YouTube's creator contracts to train Gemini (Bloomberg)
How to close attack vectors for exposed secrets in Docker
Getting Started with OpenAI : The Lingua Franca of AI
Google Considering Making Users Pay for AI Search Results
Full Line Code Completion by JetBrains: A Game-Changer for Secure, AI-Assisted Coding
Meet the startup pitch finalists at TC Early Stage 2024: ChargeBay, GovGPT, Tiker
AI-enabled Robot Learns to Respond to Human Facial Expressions
A publisher says he has been targeted by a backlink SEO scam in which a  law firm  with AI-generated photos of  lawyers  sent copyright infringement notices (Jason Koebler/404 Media)
Informatica and Carahsoft Forge Partnership to Bring Advanced Cloud Data Management to the Public Sector
How to Actually Make Viral AI Cat Shorts|$100,000/month
Meta's AI Image Generator Is Horrible at Generating Mixed-Race Couples
AI Demand for Data Centers Vastly Underestimated, CoreWeave Says
Barry Diller warns that time is running out to get AI under control
OpenStack improves support for AI workloads
Tequity welcomes Ben McCarthy as a Strategic Advisor
Fake AI law firms are sending fake DMCA threats to generate fake SEO gains
Anthropic's Claude 3 beats OpenAI's GPT-4 at text summarization
Extending PAC Learning to a Strategic Classification Setting
Coder crafts smooth 3D graphics engine from scratch, runs it on DIY GPU
The RAG Triad: Guide to Evaluating and Optimizing RAG Systems
[R] Introducing world's largest high-quality synthetic open-source Text-to-SQL dataset for AI training
Gretel AI Releases Largest Open Source Text-to-SQL Dataset to Accelerate Artificial Intelligence AI Model Training
Tech giants hatch a plan for AI job losses: Reskill 95 million in 10 years
OpenAI makes it easier for developers to fine-tune and build AI models
Cannot understand Mamba, what did I do wrong?
OpenAI's Enterprise Adoption and Apple's Robot Ambitions | Bloomberg Technology
The Energy-Inefficient AI Era Is Already Here: The Cost of AI
AI and B2B: Setting Up New Marketing With the Help of GenAI
[R] Language Models as Compilers: Simulating Pseudocode Execution Improves Algorithmic Reasoning in Language Models - Yonsei University 2024 - 10 to 20 percentage points better than CoT and PoT in seven algorithmic reasoning tasks!
Text 2 Image Generation with Analog & Cloudflare Worker AI
AI-generated Asians were briefly unavailable on Instagram
Aerospike Nabs $109M to Grow Data Biz Turbocharged by AI
This Machine Learning Research Presents a Review on Advancing Differential Privacy in High-Dimensional Linear Models: Balancing Accuracy with Data Confidentiality
AIs vs. the AI detectors
Vimeo names Philip Moyer, an ex-VP of applied AI engineering and business development at Google Cloud, as CEO and board member, replacing interim CEO Adam Gross (Todd Spangler/Variety)
Turning down a job but offering to work as a consultant instead?
TWIN-GPT: A Large Language Model-based Digital Twin Creation Approach for Clinical Trials
Denis Villeneuve is doing Dune 3
Evolution of AI in Software Development: Shifting from Co-pilot to an Autopilot
How to Programmatically Cancel MRP Records in Odoo
Videoleap Review: The Best AI Video Editor for Smartphones?
Google survey: 63% of IT and security pros believe AI will improve corporate cybersecurity
Humane's Founders Are Ready to Win Over Skeptics of Their $699 AI Pin
OpenAI's 'year of the enterprise' includes new tools for increasing AI accuracy
Nvidia DLSS 3.7 might improve performance and image quality for some games
Quoting Jaana Dogan
Does anyone recommend a clustering algorithm that can also update existing clusters?
Beyond Human Limits: AI as a Catalyst for Change
Codel: Autonomous AI Coding Agent Framework!
Powering the New Era of Computing | NVIDIA GTC 2024 | Official Keynote Outro
Most Read This Week: White House Issues Responsible AI Use Guidelines
Apple's ReALM: Making Virtual Assistants More Intuitive and Helpful in Everyday Life
CognitiveLab Releases Indic LLM Leaderboard
Reaching and surpassing the limits of JavaScript BigData with WebAssembly
The Rise of Chief AI Officer
Belgian computer vision startup Robovision eyes U.S. expansion to address labor shortages
OpenAI COO says ChatGPT Enterprise has 600K+ paying customers, up from ~150K in January, and 2024 is going to be the  year of adoption for AI in the enterprise  (Jackie Davalos/Bloomberg)
Reply introduces LoopMind
YouTube CEO warns OpenAI that training models on its videos is against the rules
RELIC: Investigating Large Language Model Responses using Self-Consistency
[D] Alternatives to Tensorboard / Weights and Biases
What's more important? AI or the election.
The best VR headsets for 2024
Google Faces Significant Challenges and Competition as It Considers Charging for AI Search
SceneFake: An Initial Dataset and Benchmarks for Scene Fake Audio Detection
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of April 5th
Vertiv unveils End-to-End AI Power and Cooling Solutions
Can Large Language Models Beat Wall Street? Unveiling the Potential of AI in Stock Selection
AI audio expert accuses music startup Suno of training models on copyrighted works
A framework to improve air-ground robot navigation in complex occlusion-prone environments
Tough luck, bosses, AI is coming for your job, too
Cohere AI Releases C4AI Command R+: An Open Weights Research Release of a 104B Parameter Model with Highly Advanced Capabilities Including Tools like RAG
SciChart.js Performance Demo: 1 Million Datapoints in under 15ms
Configure DVC with Amazon S3 Bucket
Midjourney Explorations   Fancy Framing with Style Reference Images
Publisher: OpenAI's GPT Store bots are illegally scraping our textbooks
[Research] Jailbreaking Leading Safety-Aligned LLMs with Simple Adaptive Attacks
SOLAR 10.7B: Scaling Large Language Models with Simple yet Effective Depth Up-Scaling
Meta to Label More AI-Generated Posts Instead of Removing Them
Why there is nope for Data Science Juniors
Microsoft's Azure AI Search updated with increased storage, vector index size
Top 7 Model Deployment and Serving Tools
Israel is using AI to identify bombing targets in Gaza, report says
Archetype, which is building AI models to help humans understand the data from sensors monitoring the physical world, launches with a $13M seed led by Venrock (Steven Levy/Wired)
AI to Impact 1.1 Bn Roles for People Across Culture, Genders and Abilities
Meta loses top AI figures as Silicon Valley's talent battle continues
Using English SDK in PySpark
CoreWeave co-founder warns of an impending data center crunch fueled by AI
The EU and the US issue a joint statement affirming a desire to increase cooperation over AI, including AI safety and governance, as well as broader tech issues (Natasha Lomas/TechCrunch)
AI Chatbot with Cloudflare Worker AI Model and Vercel AI SDK
Weighted structure tensor total variation for image denoising
Opera starts offering local access to LLMs and AI chatbots
Five Ways That Generative AI Brings Superpowers To Portfolio Marketers
LaMPilot: An Open Benchmark Dataset for Autonomous Driving with Language Model Programs
Briefing: Snapchat planets, Jira Views, Figma prototypes
US and EU commit to links aimed at boosting AI safety and risk research
5 Key Takeaways from Microsoft AI Summit (March 2024)
Rubrik's IPO filing reveals an AI governance committee. Get used to it.
[R] FMA's complement - a custom binary number system (like 2's complement) designed for lookup-table based matrix multiplications
Top Israeli spy chief exposes his true identity in online security lapse
How I would Learn JavaScript If I was Starting Over
This AI Startup Wants You to Talk to Houses, Cars, and Factories
transpose(), adjoint(), mT, mH, view(), reshape() in PyTorch
So I made a game entirely with Claude 3 Opus
Squint your eyes to reveal the message
De-biasing Treatment Effects with Double Machine Learning
Python Web Scraping: Best Libraries and Practices
Encapsulation in Rust and Python
ViTamin: Designing Scalable Vision Models in the Vision-Language Era
Myshell AI and MIT Researchers Propose JetMoE-8B:  A Super-Efficient LLM Model that Achieves LLaMA2-Level Training with Just US $0.1M
DeepIPCv2: LiDAR-powered Robust Environmental Perception and Navigational Control for Autonomous Vehicle
This AI Paper from China Proposes a Novel Architecture Named-ViTAR (Vision Transformer with Any Resolution)
AI a 'game changer' but company execs not ready: survey
Survey reveals 41% of executives expect AI will shrink workforce sizes
Chronos: The Rise of Foundation Models for Time Series Forecasting
The Best Parts of the Samsung Galaxy S24 Series Have Nothing to Do With Galaxy AI
For Tech's Sake returns for a third season, starting with AI
Microsoft: China plans to disrupt elections with AI-generated disinformation
AI Crafts a Beautiful Poem in Honor of Kiran Bedi at Rising 2024
Airtable announced the launch of Airtable AI
AI Consciousness is Inevitable: A Theoretical Computer Science Perspective
Guest Post: The EU AI Act   A Guide for Developers*
RoleCraft-GLM: Advancing Personalized Role-Playing in Large Language Models
Deep Learning At Scale: Parallel Model Training
AI's Role in the Factory of the Future
OpenAI's Custom GPT-4 for your Enterprise
Microsoft warns that China plans to disrupt elections in the US, South Korea, and India this year with AI-generated content after making a dry run in Taiwan (Dan Milmo/The Guardian)
Rethinking Our Documentation
Nvidia to Build $200M AI Center in Indonesia, Boost Presence in Region
Qeleo's New AI Environments for the Developer and Enterprise Markets
Meta plans to more broadly label AI-generated content
Some investors say YC's winter 2024 batch was stronger than previous years, noting consumer AI as a key trend; YC says ~50% of this batch is working with AI (Allie Garfinkle/Fortune)
OpenAI Teases New Voice Engine, Stops Short of Full Release
Microsoft warns China will use AI to try to influence US elections
AI Chatbots Will Never Stop Hallucinating
Let's detect flowers! (with SageMaker and DeepLens)
Advanced Data Structures: Sets, Tuples, and Comprehensions
Want to Prevent Data Emergencies? Clean as You Go
A look at tech giants' AI training data deals; Defined.ai: some are ready to pay $1-$2 per image, $2-$4 per short video, and $100-$300 per hour of long video (Reuters)
[R] Reconstructing 3D point clouds in an encoder-decoder manner (with equivariant encoders)
India's IT minister says the country is looking to frame a  balanced  AI law that will protect news publishers and content creators while minimizing user harm (The Economic Times)
Google Books reportedly indexing bad AI-written works
Microsoft issues warning on China's use of generative AI to disrupt US elections
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 25/03 to 31/03
Microsoft boosts Azure AI Search with more storage and support for big RAG apps
Meta will require labels on more AI-generated content
NLP Market size is set to grow by USD 53.50 bn from 2023-2027
TechCrunch Minute: YC's Demo Day highlights our AI startup bubble
Apple focusing on home robots over AI would be a 'horror show' for the company, Wedbush's Dan Ives says
The Noonification: The Energy-Inefficient AI Era Is Already Here: The Cost of AI (4/5/2024)
Meta's AI image generator can't seem to grasp the idea that interracial couples exist
Intel XeSS 1.3 improves performance with new presets, intros DLAA alternative
Meta to start labeling AI-generated content in May
Archetype AI introduces foundation model to pioneer physical AI
Manual transcription still beats AI: A comparative study on transcription services
Knowledge Graphs and LLMs Across Academia and Industry - Anahita Pakiman
This new model is transforming Speech AI: Accurate, Fast, Cost-Effective
Meta broadens its policies to label more deepfakes and add context to 'high risk' manipulated media
5 Key Soft Skills to Elevate Your Data Science Game
Can AI Audit Smart Contracts Better than Human Auditors?
AI taking on more work doesn't mean it replaces you. Here are 12 reasons to worry less
Beyond the Blind Zone
Artificial Intelligence: Cheat Sheet
Want to Invest in SpaceX or Stripe? There's a Fund for That.
Meta promises to better label AI-generated videos, images, and audio
[D] How do you get enough patience to train-debug-train models?
DataStax Acquires Langflow to Accelerate GenAI App Development
OpenAI has 600,000 individual users for ChatGPT Enterprise
Quantum computing startup Infleqtion names Matthew Kinsella as CEO
Meta relaxes  incoherent  policy requiring removal of AI videos
China plans to disrupt US elections using AI-generated content, Microsoft claims
How Reliable Are Your Time Series Forecasts, Really?
Anthropic's Claude 3 can now reliably select the right tool for the job from hundreds of options
Researchers unveil time series deep learning technique for optimal performance in AI models
Washington Lottery pulls a promotional AI web app after it accidentally produces a nude
Ivanti CEO pledges to  fundamentally transform  its hard-hit security model
Japanese Optics Company Hoya Suffers Debilitating Cyberattack
Ruby on Rails Is Not Dead and May Even Be AI Panacea for Devs
Jobs Data and Apple Layoffs | Bloomberg Technology
Data Types in Python
Made with AI  labels: Meta launches broader labeling of AI content
Sources say Sundar Pichai is now making day-to-day decisions about adding generative AI to Google products even as some worry about his low-key leadership style (Financial Times)
Implementing semantic image search with Amazon Titan and Supabase Vector
Simplifying Chatbot Development for the Information Age
The Tech Needed to Survive This Decade's 'Seismic' APAC B2B Trends
Nvidia Announces Robotics-Oriented AI Foundation Model
Q&A with Marissa Mayer about her app development startup Sunshine, its new photo-sharing app Shine, the AI landscape, internet business models, and more (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
upskilling for ex-academic with skill gaps
AI business is booming: ChatGPT Enterprise now boasts 600,000+ users
Sundar Pichai on the challenge of innovating in a huge company and what he's excited about this year
Introducing the New GitHub Action for using Kit CLI on MLOps pipelines
Explainer: What Is Retrieval-Augmented Generation?
Google Books and Scholar users beware: AI-generated nonsense is flooding search results
How to Deploy Models Larger than 100MB on Streamlit
Need for Speed: cuDF Pandas vs. Pandas
Improving Generalization in Survival Models
Gretel releases world's largest open source text-to-SQL dataset, empowering businesses to unlock AI's potential
Observations on MLOps   A Fragmented Mosaic of Mismatched Expectations
What a year building AI has taught Stack Overflow
Data Quality Getting Worse, Report Says
Hon Hai Sales Fall Short of Estimates After iPhone Slump
U.K. and U.S. Agree to Collaborate on the Development of Safety Tests for AI Models
Microsoft warns that China is using AI to stir the pot ahead of US election
Elon Musk Is Poaching Tesla Engineers for xAI. Wait, What?
Anyscale addresses critical vulnerability on Ray framework   but thousands were still exposed
I Must Split in Two
Is AI 'Copilot' a Generic Term or a Brand Name?
The GPU Bottleneck: Navigating Supply and Demand in AI Development
Elon Musk says Tesla will reveal its robotaxi on August 8th
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/4/2024
Race to the gen AI edge heats up as Dell invests in SiMa.ai
How to Not Boil the Oceans with AI
Researchers from NYU and the University of Maryland Unveil an Artificial Intelligence Framework for Understanding and Extracting Style Descriptors from Images
Google set to charge for internet searches with AI, reports say
Facebook and Instagram to label digitally altered content 'made with AI'
Build Audio LLM Apps with AssemblyAI
GitLab: A Python Script Calculating DORA Metrics
Massive Week for AI News You Can Actually Use
Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 143]
Keith Galli Live Stream
LangFlow: Create AI Agents/Apps With a Drag-and-Drop UI - Opensource!
Toward Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computing
There Was A TON of AI News This Week!
The Main Breakthrough in AdaBoost
Artificial intelligence roots out sloppy recyclers in Central Okanagan
Self-driving cars and AI voice and image generation lead ZDNET's Innovation Index
Source: Jony Ive and Sam Altman's AI device startup is in funding talks with Emerson Collective and Thrive Capital; Ive wants to raise up to $1B in funding (The Information)
sum() and mean() in PyTorch
Poro 34B: A 34B Parameter AI Model Trained for 1T Tokens of Finnish, English, and Programming languages, Including 8B Tokens of Finnish-English Translation Pairs
AI Chatbots Sucked Up Troves of Data. Now Copyright Holders Want a Cut
A virtual podcaster
Generative AI News Rundown - Debunking Myths, Plus Anthropic, X.ai, Databricks, OpenAI, and Much More
Everything I Know About the XZ Backdoor
Weco AI Unveils 'AIDE': An AI Agent that can Automatically Solve Data Science Tasks at a Human Level
Enhancing Video AI with Smart Caption-Based Rewards
OpenAI's CTO said she wasn't sure if Sora was trained on YouTube videos. YouTube's CEO says that would be a problem.
Is HR ready for generative AI? New data says there's a lot of work to do
Disneyland guests can start interacting with roaming Star Wars droids on April 5
Google, Yahoo, Perplexity, and other search companies are working on understanding user intent to decide whether to show generative AI answers or just links (Alex Kantrowitz/Big Technology)
Recommend good books/ courses
min(), max(), argmin() and argmax() in PyTorch
[R] Some papers and approaches in the last few months which reduces pretraining and/or fintuning and/or inference costs generally or for specific use cases.
Researchers detail how hackers use hijacked Facebook pages to push ads promoting fake AI services to spread malware; a fake Midjourney page had 1.2M followers (Bill Toulas/BleepingComputer)
God Mode: introducing my fully autonomous Ai development environment. (GitHub Code-spaces & VS Code)
5 Open-Source Next.js Projects Rocking 2024 (Learn the Patterns!)
This AI Paper from King's College London Introduces a Theoretical Analysis of Neural Network Architectures Through Topos Theory
Do Copyright Infringement Cases Have the Potential To Impede AI?
AI And Blockchain In Computer Aided Design: Exclusive Interview With CADAICO CEO Pedram Shahid
[D] Response to Google's Keras-PyTorch benchmarks
Introduction to LLM Ops: Reliable and Scalable LLM Integration
Mengelola Penyimpanan Bertingkat dengan Stratis
Researchers from Zhipu AI and Tsinghua University Introduced the 'Self-Critique' pipeline: Revolutionizing Mathematical Problem Solving in Large Language Models
Voice Memos with ChatGPT: My First  GPT
Cohere's new AI Command-R+ is available on Sagemaker and Azure.but not Bedrock (yet)
ChatCraft week 12: PR merged and follow ups!
Tips for Getting the Generation Part Right in Retrieval Augmented Generation
Let's Code
Belgium-based Robovision, which offers AI-based no-code computer vision tools to businesses, raised a $42M Series A co-led by Astanor Ventures and Target Global (Anna Heim/TechCrunch)
Sources: Meta debated buying a publisher like Simon & Schuster for AI training data and weighed using copyrighted online data even if that meant facing lawsuits (New York Times)
AutoTRIZ: An Artificial Ideation Tool that Leverages Large Language Models (LLMs) to Automate and Enhance the TRIZ (Theory of Inventive Problem Solving) Methodology
21 HTML Tips You Must Know About
What's your way of upskilling and continuous learning in this field?
How Tech Giants Cut Corners to Harvest Data for A.I.
Researchers at Stanford University Introduce Octopus v2: Empowering On-Device Language Models for Super Agent Functionality
[D] ML researchers who are not in NLP, what are you researching? Please share.
I just can't fine tune BERT over 40% accuracy for text-classification task
Tech giants are on a billion-dollar shopping spree for AI training data
Algorithms Every Backend Web Developer Should Master
Meet RAGFlow: An Open-Source RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) Engine Based on Deep Document Understanding
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/5/2024
Cohere's new LLM  Command R+  is optimized for chatting with your data (RAG)
Microsoft Announces Garnet: A New Open-Source Cache-Store and Redis Alternative
Four Takeaways on the Race to Amass Data for A.I.
Role Of Transformers in NLP   How are Large Language Models (LLMs) Trained Using Transformers?
[D]  I just can't fine tune BERT over 40% accuracy for text-classification task
Alibaba-Qwen Releases Qwen1.5 32B: A New Multilingual dense LLM with a context of 32k and Outperforming Mixtral on the Open LLM Leaderboard
I made a stop watch with html
Google Accidentally Admits Something Very Funny About AI
How Are Generative Retrieval and Multi-Vector Dense Retrieval Related To Each Other?
Wiz details two now-fixed security issues on the Hugging Face AI platform that put customer data at risk, as Hugging Face partners with Wiz to improve security (Kevin Poireault/Infosecurity)
OpenAI's Sam Altman and ex-Apple Jony Ive's AI device doesn't look like a phone
Google AI Unveils New Benchmarks in Video Analysis with Streaming Dense Captioning Model
What to Know About Tech Companies Using A.I. to Teach Their Own A.I.
X makes Grok chatbot available to premium subscribers
Google DeepMind Presents Mixture-of-Depths: Optimizing Transformer Models for Dynamic Resource Allocation and Enhanced Computational Sustainability
up up and away ...
AI will reduce workforce, say 41% of surveyed executives
Meet the 'LangChain Financial Agent': An AI Fintech Project Built on Langchain and FastAPI
Sources: OpenAI transcribed 1M+ hours of YouTube videos through Whisper and used the text to train GPT-4; Google also transcribed YouTube videos to harvest text (New York Times)
Meet Empower: An AI Research Startup Unleashing GPT-4 Level Function Call Capabilities at 3x the Speed and 10 Times Lower Cost
Prisma AI Has an 'Eye on You' at Adani Airports
A scalable reinforcement learning based framework to facilitate the teleoperation of humanoid robots
How to Run a Local LLM via LocalAI, an Open Source Project
What is an Abstract Syntax Tree in Programming?
[P] GitHub - CaptureFlow: Provide LLMs with debugger-level app context for CodeGen (OpenSource)
What we've learned from the women behind the AI revolution
scButterfly: a versatile single-cell cross-modality translation method via dual-aligned variational autoencoders
Mark Zuckerberg is married to a Chinese-American woman, but Meta's AI image generator can't imagine an Asian man with a white woman
Disneyland's interactive Star Wars droids are here and you can see them until June 2
Ask me anything! (data science, LLMs, landing a job, and more)
XGBoost 101: eXtreme Gradient Boosting eXplained
LlamaIndex Sessions: Building a Personalized Sales Outreach Assistant (CallSine)
[R] Extreme Video Compression with Pre-trained Diffusion Models
Learn Crucial ML Math via Interesting Stories : Weighted Sum in Neural N/W
AI Revolutionizes the Job Search: How to Leverage It for Your Dream Job
OpenAI and Google reportedly used transcriptions of YouTube videos to train their AI models
[R] Embodied Neuromorphic Artificial Intelligence for Robotics: Perspectives, Challenges, and Research Development Stack - New York University 2024 - Highly important to make inference much much faster and allows if scaled in the hard and software st
A look at OnlyFans AI chatbot startups, which are replacing some low-wage workers with bots trained on creators' chats to mimic their dirty talk and upselling (Alexandra Sternlicht/Fortune)
[D] How does a MoE router learn when it has made a wrong choice?
I Made a Simple 2D Pathfinding & Navigation Tool for Unity!
What Statistics To Learn For Data Science
Report: Google changed its privacy policy in June 2022 to more broadly cover its use of publicly available content, including Google Docs, to train AI models (Cheyenne MacDonald/Engadget)
[D] LLM's ability to find needles in a haystack signifies the death of RAG
OpenAI transcribed over a million hours of YouTube videos to train GPT-4
My Cloudflare AI Challenge Submission: Story and Image Generator
Latent Space Chats: NLW (Four Wars, GPT5), Josh Albrecht/Ali Rohde (TNAI), Dylan Patel/Semianalysis (Groq), Milind Naphade (Nvidia GTC), Personal AI (ft. Harrison Chase   LangFriend/LangMem)
Getting Minecraft AI Agents to speak in-game and interact utilizing GPT-3.5
[P] Our open-source ML experiment monitoring library got an upgrade!
Video Highlights: Gradient Boosting: XGBoost, LightGBM and CatBoost   with Kirill Eremenko
Fact-checking vs claim verification
Any statisticians who decided on a PhD in CS rather than a PhD in Stats? [D]
A New Coefficient of Correlation
How do you decide which research paper to implement?
Take home exam for a Job on fine tuning LLM
Philly Data & AI - April Happy Hour
This Machine Learning Research Introduces Mechanistic Architecture Design (Mad) Pipeline: Encompassing Small-Scale Capability Unit Tests Predictive of Scaling Laws
A banana with the texture of strawberry
Settling with SETS - Python
A profile of former Tinder CEO Renate Nyborg and her new startup Meeno, which provides an AI-powered chatbot for relationship advice on iOS and has raised $4.9M (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
NAVER Cloud Researchers Introduce HyperCLOVA X: A Multilingual Language Model Tailored to Korean Language and Culture
Meta is so desperate for data sources to train its AI it weighed risking copyright lawsuits: report
Gaining super user access
Hands-On Building a Virtual Property Consultant Using Artificial Intelligence
I made my very first python library! It converts reddit posts to text format for feeding to LLM's!
Unifying Neural Network Design with Category Theory: A Comprehensive Framework for Deep Learning Architecture
PYTHON DATA STRUCTURES (LISTS, SETS, TUPLES, DICTIONARIES)
I made a free app that lets you chat with Google Gemini about content from any website.
[D] Good books/resources for interpretability in machine learning
Hosting Your Own AI Chatbot on Android Devices
Researchers at Microsoft AI Propose LLM-ABR: A Machine Learning System that Utilizes LLMs to Design Adaptive Bitrate (ABR) Algorithms
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/6/2024
How to Use Google Colab: A Beginner's Guide
Elon Musk's X.ai in Talks to Raise $3B at a Valuation Matching Anthropic
[R] Infinite mixture of experts - possible?
[P] A Conversational Search App about Recent Research on RAG
Dune Analytics: decentralized exchange Uniswap tops $2T in all-time trading volume after breaching $1T in May 2022 and remains the largest DEX by trading volume (Brayden Lindrea/Cointelegraph)
Top VS Code Shortcuts
Researchers at Intel Labs Introduce LLaVA-Gemma: A Compact Vision-Language Model Leveraging the Gemma Large Language Model in Two Variants (Gemma-2B and Gemma-7B)
Boostrbot
[D] What are the reasons why you standardise features for a tree based model ?
datasette-import
PointMamba: A Simple State Space Model for Point Cloud Analysis
What is the SOTA for 2 stage object detectors with smaller datasets?
Greater than fiction
Credits got depleted and can't create AI images anymore? How to run your own image generator for free
Evaluating AI Model Security Using Red Teaming Approach: A Comprehensive Study on LLM and MLLM Robustness Against Jailbreak Attacks and Future Improvements
Business schools are now encouraging students to use AI as they race to prepare them for a new job market
Pandas vs. Polars   Time to Switch?
Volga   Open-source Feature Engine for real-time AI   Part 2
Build Autonomous AI Agents with Function Calling
[D] Is there any way to perform incremental matrix factorization on a Surprise SVD model?
SILO AI Releases New Viking Model Family (Pre-Release): An Open-Source LLM for all Nordic languages, English and Programming Languages
How to Connect MPU9250 and Raspberry Pi (Part 2 - Calibration)
Data Machina #248
Running Efficiency with Computer Vision: A Comparative Analysis with Eliud Kipchoge
Enhancing missense variant pathogenicity prediction with protein language models using VariPred
Linear Attention Sequence Parallel (LASP): An Efficient Machine Learning Method Tailored to Linear Attention-Based Language Models
Israel's 'Where's Daddy?' AI system helps target suspected Hamas militants when they're at home with their families, report says
AI may develop a huge carbon footprint, but it could also be a critical ally in the fight against climate change
Archetype AI's  Newton  model learns from sensor data to answer complex real-world questions
7 Best Machine Learning Workflow and Pipeline Orchestration Tools 2024
Artificial Intelligence will make humanity generic
How to Empower Pandas with GPUs
Google's Mixture-of-Depths uses computing power more efficiently by prioritizing key tokens
From two competeing models in a team, how do i bring up data leakage in the other?
[D] [R] LLM with GCN
Run Local LLMs Using LM Studio
Volga   Open-source data engine for real-time AI   Part 1
Tech giants bend rules and discuss copyright violations to keep pace in AI arms race
Generative Audio Models Just Had a Great Week
Suno AI is insane
'Big Short' investor Steve Eisman details the 4 themes that have him betting on a turbocharged infrastructure boom instead of chasing AI hype
RAG in Production: Chunking Decisions
Thoughts on Apple's search for a new growth engine, Spatial Personas, and Kevin Lynch's move to the AI group; sources: new iPads may launch the week of May 6 (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
StableDrag's simple point-and-click image editing makes turning Mona Lisa's head easy
[P] [D] I have created a beginner-friendly quantum machine learning handbook.
Is ETL Still Relevant in the Data-Driven Age?
Automatic Prompt Selection for Large Language Models
Top MLOps Books to Read in 2024
Building an End-to-End Machine Learning Project to Reduce Delays in Aggressive Cancer Care.
From Development to Deployment of an AI Model Using Azure
[D] what do you do with paper with no code published
AI Series Part I: Introduction Concepts
IsoBench: An Artificial Intelligence Benchmark Dataset Containing Problems from Four Major Areas: Math, Science, Algorithms, and Games
API Strategies for Effective Database Management and Integration
Meet AnythingLLM: An Open-Source, All-in-One AI Desktop App for Local LLMs + RAG
Avoiding abuse and misuse of T-test and ANOVA: Regression for categorical responses
Keras Convolution layer   shapes of input, weights and output
Good morning.
Understanding Distributed Computing
Deploy serverless Lambda TypeScript API with function url using AWS CDK
Going Beyond Zero/Few-Shot: Chain of Thought Prompting for Complex LLM Tasks
How to Think About Using Your Company's Information with GenAI
Trudeau Unveils $1.8 Billion Plan to Boost AI Sector in Canada
Canada unveils a CA$2.4B package of measures to boost its AI sector and provide access to computing capabilities and technical infrastructure (Mathieu Dion/Bloomberg)
AI is taking over your web browser
5 Powerful Strategies To Make Sure AI Doesn't Steal Your Job   A Spotify Data Scientist's Survival.
LightGBM 101: Faster Gradient Boosting for Large-Scale ML
Bootstraping with Random Forest
LLM In-Context Training Masterclass feat My (r/reddit) AI Agent
VectorShift: New No-code AI builder! RAG, Automations, and AI Apps!
Claude 3 Introduces Function Calling and Tool Usage
LESSONS FROM BIOLOGY ABOUT BUILDING AGI.
NEW on iPhone: SUPER AI Agents (Stanford)
Discover What's New In Gemma 1.1 Update: New 2B & 7B Instruction Tuned models
Survey Finds 41% of C-suite Executives Expect AI to Reduce Workforce
[D] Why do people upload their work on Arxiv, not submitting conference?
AI is now analyzing your garbage
Harnessing the Future: My Journey Through the ChatGPT Masterclass
[P] Claude vs GPT Agent Comparison
[P] I Built a Stable Diffusion Pipeline to Create Artistic QR Codes using LangChain, DeepLake and ControlNet with Stable Diffusion
Optimizing Emergency Response in Calgary
Trudeau announces $2.4B federal investment in AI, tech sector
AI vs humans: Influencers face competition from virtual models
[D] Do we know how Gemini 1.5 achieved 10M context window?
[Research] How Apple Uses Machine Learning To Recognize People In Photos. A short visual guide.
Progress in My P2P Library: A Work in Progress
Big Tech needs to get creative as it runs out of data to train its AI models. Here are some of its wildest solutions.
How Apple Uses Machine Learning To Recognize People In Photos. A short visual guide.
R Games Gearing To Become World's First Gaming AI Token To Be Listed On CEXs
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 25/03 to 31/03
The lifecycle of a code AI completion
Trudeau Unveils $1.8 Billion Package for Canada's AI Sector
SiloFuse: Transforming Synthetic Data Generation in Distributed Systems with Enhanced Privacy, Efficiency, and Data Utility
Dictionary  - Python
Why are my table rows rendered outside the table? DOM template parsing caveats in Vuejs
The death of creativity
How some teachers are using AI tools like ChatGPT, Writable, Grammarly, and EssayGrader to help grade papers, make lesson plans, and create assignments (Samantha Murphy Kelly/CNN)
Spatial Intelligence: Why GIS Practitioners Should Embrace Machine Learning- How to Get Started.
AURORA-M: A 15B Parameter Multilingual Open-Source AI Model Trained in English, Finnish, Hindi, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Code
Why Go is great choice for Software engineering.
Any marketing graduates who have switched to DA/DS?
Claude 3 Opus was given five different writing samples by authors it presumed to be human and asked to rate the intelligence of each.  It rated itself highest with an IQ of 145+
My New Podcast: AI With Alex
[R] Schedule-Free Learning - A New Way to Train; Defazio et al.
Google AI Researchers Propose a Noise-Aware Training Method (NAT) for Layout-Aware Language Models
[R] A* venue workshop paper vs lower-rated venue conference paper
Generate rhythm game beatmaps for any song using transformers [R] [P]
A Recipe For a Robust Model Development Process
FasterViT for Image Classification
Effector: A Python-based Machine Learning Library Dedicated to Regional Feature Effects
cognitive bias is keeping you angry and afraid
Plandex: Build Complex Software with AI - An AI Coding Engine!
AI ART Jam - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
Establish A Single Source Of Truth For Your Data Consumers With A Semantic Layer
AnythingLLM: A private ChatGPT to chat with anything! An efficient, customizable, and open-source enterprise-ready document chatbot solution.
Meet IPEX-LLM: A PyTorch Library for Running LLMs on Intel CPU and GPU
AI Boom Spurs 390% Surge in Little-Known Chip Gear Company's Stock Price
Genpact Appoints Piyush Mehta to Lead AI-First Strategy in India
HTML Tips You Must Know About
Japanese researchers say they used AI to try and translate the noises of clucking chickens and learn whether they're excited, hungry, or scared
[P] What incremental unsolved problems are there in scaling machine learning training (distributed systems/Ray/data parallelism)?
Naver debuts multilingual HyperCLOVA X LLM it will use to build sovereign AI for Asia
4 Shortcomings of Large Language Models - Yan LeCun, Research, and AGI
Synthesis of Annotated Colorectal Cancer Tissue Images from Gland Layout
SAAS: Solving Ability Amplification Strategy for Enhanced Mathematical Reasoning in Large Language Models
Spatial Bayesian Neural Networks
Prompt-based Pseudo-labeling Strategy for Sample-Efficient Semi-Supervised Extractive Summarization
Struc-Bench: Are Large Language Models Really Good at Generating Complex Structured Data?
Chinese Tiny LLM: Pretraining a Chinese-Centric Large Language Model
Data Augmentation with In-Context Learning and Comparative Evaluation in Math Word Problem Solving
TaCo: Enhancing Cross-Lingual Transfer for Low-Resource Languages in LLMs through Translation-Assisted Chain-of-Thought Processes
Spacetime Gaussian Feature Splatting for Real-Time Dynamic View Synthesis
Fakes of Varying Shades: How Warning Affects Human Perception and Engagement Regarding LLM Hallucinations
A Dataset for Physical and Abstract Plausibility and Sources of Human Disagreement
Forget NLI, Use a Dictionary: Zero-Shot Topic Classification for Low-Resource Languages with Application to Luxembourgish
Verifiable by Design: Aligning Language Models to Quote from Pre-Training Data
An Investigation into Misuse of Java Security APIs by Large Language Models
Finding Outliers in Gaussian Model-Based Clustering
Benchmarking Machine Learning Models for Quantum Error Correction
AnnoLLM: Making Large Language Models to Be Better Crowdsourced Annotators
Cleared for Takeoff? Compositional & Conditional Reasoning may be the Achilles Heel to (Flight-Booking) Language Agents
SEME at SemEval-2024 Task 2: Comparing Masked and Generative Language Models on Natural Language Inference for Clinical Trials
Dimension-free Relaxation Times of Informed MCMC Samplers on Discrete Spaces
Investigating the Robustness of Modelling Decisions for Few-Shot Cross-Topic Stance Detection: A Preregistered Study
Improving Factual Accuracy of Neural Table-to-Text Output by Addressing Input Problems in ToTTo
QuickQuakeBuildings: Post-earthquake SAR-Optical Dataset for Quick Damaged-building Detection
SHROOM-INDElab at SemEval-2024 Task 6: Zero- and Few-Shot LLM-Based Classification for Hallucination Detection
Bipartite mixed membership distribution-free model. A novel model for community detection in overlapping bipartite weighted networks
Individualized Dynamic Model for Multi-resolutional Data with Application to Mobile Health
Theoretical and Empirical Analysis of a Fast Algorithm for Extracting Polygons from Signed Distance Bounds
Willkommens-Merkel, Chaos-Johnson, and Tore-Klose: Modeling the Evaluative Meaning of German Personal Name Compounds
A Bi-consolidating Model for Joint Relational Triple Extraction
The Ultimate Guide to Vector Databases: Use Cases and Industry Impact
REE-HDSC: Recognizing Extracted Entities for the Historical Database Suriname Curacao
Estimating mixed memberships in multi-layer networks
BEAR: A Unified Framework for Evaluating Relational Knowledge in Causal and Masked Language Models
Spotify launches AI Playlist in beta for its Premium users in the UK and Australia, letting users generate playlists using a text prompt (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
BuDDIE: A Business Document Dataset for Multi-task Information Extraction
Social Skill Training with Large Language Models
CapsFusion: Rethinking Image-Text Data at Scale
How Lexical is Bilingual Lexicon Induction?
The Low-Degree Hardness of Finding Large Independent Sets in Sparse Random Hypergraphs
FashionEngine: Interactive Generation and Editing of 3D Clothed Humans
CenterGrasp: Object-Aware Implicit Representation Learning for Simultaneous Shape Reconstruction and 6-DoF Grasp Estimation
Maximally Machine-Learnable Portfolios
Spotify launches personalized AI playlists that you can build using prompts
[Discussion] New TensorFlow Version - What Happened?
PlatoNeRF: 3D Reconstruction in Plato's Cave via Single-View Two-Bounce Lidar
Dwell in the Beginning: How Language Models Embed Long Documents for Dense Retrieval
PRobELM: Plausibility Ranking Evaluation for Language Models
Learning Prompt with Distribution-Based Feature Replay for Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
Good Books are Complex Matters: Gauging Complexity Profiles Across Diverse Categories of Perceived Literary Quality
Assessing the quality of information extraction
CantTalkAboutThis: Aligning Language Models to Stay on Topic in Dialogues
Downtime Decoded: How to Revolutionise Manufacturing with GenAI
Teaching Llama a New Language Through Cross-Lingual Knowledge Transfer
Parrot Mind: Towards Explaining the Complex Task Reasoning of Pretrained Large Language Models with Template-Content Structure
TinyGPT-V: Efficient Multimodal Large Language Model via Small Backbones
Wasserstein F-tests for Fr\\'echet regression on Bures-Wasserstein manifolds
3D scene generation from scene graphs and self-attention
Unlocking Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning for Low-Resource Language Translation
Simple Techniques for Enhancing Sentence Embeddings in Generative Language Models
Benchmarking and Improving Compositional Generalization of Multi-aspect Controllable Text Generation
CPG 2024: Cutting Costs and Embracing AI Solutions
GenQREnsemble: Zero-Shot LLM Ensemble Prompting for Generative Query Reformulation
Evaluating In-Context Learning of Libraries for Code Generation
VoicePilot: Harnessing LLMs as Speech Interfaces for Physically Assistive Robots
Top 6 Devin Alternatives to Automate Your Coding Tasks
How the increasing use of unreliable AI-powered accessibility widgets on company websites to comply with regulations has prompted thousands of lawsuits globally (Joanna S Kao/Financial Times)
'Time is running out': can a future of undetectable deepfakes be avoided?
Rakuten Certified as Best Firm for Data Scientists for the 2nd Time
'Inceptionism' and Balenciaga popes: a brief history of deepfakes
Artists' AI dilemma: can artificial intelligence make intelligent art?
How to tell if an image is AI-generated
Progressive now using AI-generated images for advertisements
Adversa AI named an IDC Innovator in AI Security, 2024
Tata Places India's First Military-Grade Spy Satellite in Orbit
How to Create a Responsive Lightbox Gallery with Thumbnails using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Steer Healthdigital's self-service kiosk general availability
Nightshade Tool Safeguards Images Against Unauthorized AI Generation
Spotify's latest AI feature lets you create playlists with text prompts
The EU AI Act is Law Now What?
IBM Watsonx Empowers Fans With Golf Insights at the Masters
Once more Cognni revolutionizes Data Mapping and Protection
Canada pumps billions to create AI jobs and boost research
Avendus, top India venture advisor, seeks $300 million for new PE fund
ST-LLM: An Effective Video-LLM Baseline with Spatial-Temporal Sequence Modeling Inside LLM
Alibaba Slashes Cloud Prices Globally as AI Demand Quickens
Driving IT Development Across Financial Services Tech Stacks with AI - with Darren Humphries of Acora
#180 Thomas Lah: Navigating AI Adoption in Tech Businesses
Microsoft announces Microsoft AI London, a new hub for its consumer AI division led by former Inflection AI and DeepMind engineer Jordan Hoffmann (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
Mastering Python iteration: Loops and the magic of list comprehensions
AI Playlists by Spotify
How to talk to machines: 10 secrets of prompt engineering
'Think-and-Execute': A Machine Learning Framework that Encapsulates the Common Logical Structure of a Job Using Pseudocode for Efficient Reasoning in Large Language Models (LLMs)
Microsoft AI gets a new London hub fronted by former Inflection and Deepmind scientist Jordan Hoffmann
Thanks to Google, YouTube Belongs to Everyone
A conversation with Drago Tudorache, the politician behind the AI Act
Infleqtion names Matthew Kinsella Chief Executive Office
Spotify's latest AI feature builds playlists based on text descriptions
Alibaba Teams Up with Space Epoch to Make One-Hour Rocket Deliveries Reality
Progress in AI requires thinking beyond LLMs
Top AI Tools to Build Your Large Language Models (LLMs) Apps
Opaque Systems Extends Confidential Computing to Augmented Language Model Implementations
OpenAI transcribed over a million hours of YouTube videos to train its LLMs, Google engaged in same practice
ML Olympiad returns with over 20 challenges
Modeling extremely large images with xT
AI Can Help Replace FASTags at Toll Booths: NPCI CTO
How I Became a Python Programmer and Fell Out of Love With the Machine
Ai learns to perfect the game of GeoGuessr
Spotify tests AI-generated playlists based on text prompts
How to test large language models
Spotify testing AI feature to create playlists based on prompts
Python 3.11.9 is now available
Tata Advanced Systems & Satellogic Announce TSAT-1A Satellite Launch Success
From Siri to ReALM: Apple's Journey to Smarter Voice Assistants
GPU-Z adds Intel Meteor Lake support, along with various improvements
'Lord of the Rings' Meets OpenAI's ChatGPT & Google's Gemini
Tesla Faces Trial Over Apple Engineer's Fatal Autopilot Crash
Researchers at Tsinghua University Propose SPMamba: A Novel AI Architecture Rooted in State-Space Models for Enhanced Audio Clarity in Multi-Speaker Environments
This Prototype AI Camera Unclothes its Subjects
AI Scam Calls: How to Protect Yourself, How to Detect
TSMC builds state-of-the-art chip factories in Arizona with billions in US aid
Is Character AI Safe? Understanding Safety and Privacy Concerns
Article: Article Contest: Write an Article for InfoQ and Win a Qcon or Dev Summit Ticket
IEEE Computer Society Bans  Lena  Image in Papers Starting April 1st.
Beyond Automation: Three Strategies for Embracing AI While Preserving Personal Relationships with Customers
IBM bets on Germany's Aleph Alpha to localize generative AI for highly regulated industries
OpenAI Under Fire: GPT-4 Trained with YouTube Videos
Will Water Crisis Be a Hurdle in India's Data Centre Dream?
[R] A New Massive Multilingual Dataset for High-Performance Language Technologies
Microsoft AI opens new AI hub in London to attract talent and drive advanced LLM research
Java News Roundup: New JEP Candidates, Project Bisbane, Ktor Plugin Repository, JDKUpdater
[D] Securing Canada's AI advantage
Spacebilt and Phison to send powerful data server to ISS
Mistral 7B-V0.2: Fine-Tuning Mistral's New Open-Source LLM with Hugging Face
Microsoft just set the stage for an all-out AI talent war with Google
Some Gen Z women are crushing on ChatGPT's evil alter ego
Spotify's new AI tool creates playlists for any setting or feeling you ask for
Exploring The Magic of Python Through The Awesome Slumber Library
Graphs in Motion: Spatio-Temporal Dynamics with Graph Neural Networks
Building a Full Stack Web Application using Flask (Python Web Framework) - Part One
The Download: chatting with the politician behind the AI Act, and how to watch the eclipse
Graphics card prices on the rise in China as demand surpasses supply, could impact global markets
The 10 Best AI Courses in 2024
9 ways to transform contact center results with AI-powered speech analytic
Washington's Lottery Shuts Down AI App After It Generated Topless Photo of User
Understanding LangChain Chains for Large Language Model Application Development
OpenAI Reportedly Transcribed 1 Million Hours of YouTube Videos to Train GPT-4
When (and How) Will Enterprise GenAI Apps Get Real?
How to Make Cyberpunk  Dark Mode  Data Visualizations in Python
OpenAI and Google reportedly used YouTube transcripts to train their AI models
TechCrunch Minute: Quantum computing's next era could be led by Microsoft and Quantinuum
Multiple Disease Prediction System
Microsoft is confident Windows on Arm could finally beat Apple
Building Local RAG Chatbots Without Coding Using LangFlow and Ollama
AI App That Claims to Detect STIs in Photos Offers Confident Diagnosis of Penis-Shaped Cake
Bringing DAG and IGA Together for Improved Security and Compliance
Shadow of Trump hangs over future EU-US tech collaboration
Canada Invests $2B to Fuel AI Innovation
Innovation in Europe: exploring the winners of the EIT Awards [Advertorial]
Google is wrong to put AI search features behind paywall says HPC leader
'Is this a deepfake?' Why we're asking the wrong question
What will happen when AI has crawled through 100% of the non-AI data?
Sources: Microsoft is confident upcoming Windows laptops using Qualcomm's Snapdragon X Elite chips will beat an M3-powered MacBook Air in CPU and AI performance (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Inside Jamba: Mamba, Transformers, and MoEs Together to Power a New Form of LLMs
Microsoft AI opens London hub to access 'enormous pool' of talent
Sources and filings: Sam Altman's net worth reaches $1B, driven by startup investments in Reddit, Stripe, YC companies, and others, despite no equity in OpenAI (Forbes)
Tempus introduces Workspaces into its Lens Data Analytics Platform
Zoho Collaborates with Intel to Optimise & Accelerate Video AI Workloads
[D] For those of you who have published alone, what was your experience like?
US-China chip war further entangles Dutch semiconductor giant ASML
Navigating LLM Deployment: Tips, Tricks and Techniques by Meryem Arik at Qcon London
Code in Context: How AI Can Help Improve Our Documentation
Tackling AI risks: Your reputation is at stake
5 Free SQL Courses for Data Science Beginners
Microsoft's Mustafa Suleyman is opening an AI hub in London &mdash; here's why
[P] Hand written text to text project - asking for hints
Meta to Label AI-Generated Content Across Facebook, Instagram
AI-Powered Computer Vision Startup Raises $42M
Unlocking the Power of Gen AI with Data Engineering
Jamie Dimon says AI will have 'extraordinary' consequences and may be as transformative as electricity and the internet
The words you use matter, especially when you're engaging with ChatGPT
The AI Transformation Strategy in the GenAI Era
Mirror AI: From technical breakthroughs to market trends in virtual try-ons for beauty brands
A Brief Overview of Gender Bias in AI
Microsoft to open AI hub in London led by former Inflection scientist
IBM Patents a Faster Method to Train LLMs for Enterprises
Brain-inspired computing may boil down to information transfer
Transcribe an audio file with Universal-1 in Node.js
Developers are calling the shots on AI planning, Reg readers say
JAMBA, the First Powerful Hybrid Model is Here
Photobucket is in Negotiations With AI Companies to Licence 13 Billion Images
Hijacked Facebook Pages are pushing fake AI services to steal your data
Brillio welcomes Ashish Singh to its Board of Directors
Teen Girls Confront an Epidemic of Deepfake Nudes in Schools
RADCOM extends collaboration with Rakuten Mobile
Connectivity, Robotics Take Center Stage at Embedded World 2024
What to know about the security of open-source machine learning models
Meet the Winners of the 'Best Firm for Diversity & Inclusion in Tech'
Pearson to bring new learning content covering the application of AI
All eyes on cyberdefense as elections enter the generative AI era
US Chip Manufacturing Boosted by $6.6B Funding Deal
The music industry must find a way to stay in tune with GenAI
How I write Commits like a pro
Australians are open to self-driving vehicles, but want humans to retain ultimate control
Python List Comprehension Is Not Just Syntactic Sugar
Last Week in AI #265: FSD comes out of beta, Israel's AI system that targets Hamas, Amazon ditches  Just Walk Out,  OpenAI's artist in residence, and more!
Accenture to acquire CLIMB to Expand Technology Capabilities
The Short: LLMs en Espaol, Quantum computing in a cathedral, & low cost quantum error correction
Build Real-World Machine Learning Project: Step-by-Step Guide using FastAPI, DVC & Poetry
Automatically extract phone call insights with LLMs and Python | Full tutorial
Flow Matching for Generative Modeling (Paper Explained)
Someone's Sending Out Legal Threats From Fake, AI-Generated  Lawyers
Where would you recommend for learning AI, not a full education
Weekly Top Picks #70
When an antibiotic fails: MIT scientists are using AI to target  sleeper  bacteria
2 Ways AI Assistants Are Changing Kubernetes Troubleshooting
Interpretable Latent Spaces Using Space-Filling Vector Quantization
How To Use Generative AI and Python to Create Designer Dummy Datasets
Quoting Julien Chaumond
AI's mysterious 'black box' may not be so black
12 Out-of-the-Box AI Solutions to Transform Your Company
Microsoft puts ex-DeepMind boffin in charge of London AI hub
DE&I in Tech Leadership Awards
[P] Boosted Off-policy Learning
A Guide For Understanding The Marketing Analytics Landscape
Supervised and Unsupervised: What's the difference?
AI Firm Is Best Performing Ex-SPAC, Surging Past Trump Media
Fine-tuning LLM on your laptop: VRAM vs Shared Memory vs GPU Load, Performance Considerations
[D] Is DBRX specifically made for businesses?
A Quantitative Approach to Product Market Fit (Python Code)
How Sam Altman became a billionaire without equity in OpenAI
Deepmind co-founder Demis Hassabis reportedly 'deeply frustrated' by Google AI Deepmind merger
What's the Difference Between Fine-tuning, Retraining, and RAG?
Exploration of Joint PMFs: Their Applications in Data Science (Part 1)
Dwarkesh Patel: Will Scaling Work? An Insightful Narration Exploring The Critical Question of  Can Scaling Laws Sustain The Rapid Improvement In AI Model Performance That Many Believe Paves the Way For AGI?  Required Reading For Any AI Enthusiast Who
Introducing Enhance WASM
I had AI make something with 4 words; Planets, Water, Space, Galaxies. People who are against AI and boycott it confuse me. Yes, people are using it excessively these days, but it can also help with some things. What do you guys think?
How to use ChatGPT Plus: From image generation to My GPTs
Australian IT Skills Shortage: 2024 Is The Year To Self-Upskill
TSMC's US Grants and JPMorgan's CEO on AI | Bloomberg Technology
We now have a better look at what's inside the Humane AI pin
Google rebrands Studio Bot, its AI-powered app development chatbot for Android Studio, to  Gemini in Android Studio , and upgrades its model to Gemini 1.0 Pro (Kyle Bradshaw/9to5Google)
Building files-to-prompt entirely using Claude 3 Opus
Engineers design soft and flexible 'skeletons' for muscle-powered robots
LongICLBench Benchmark: Evaluating Large Language Models on Long In-Context Learning for Extreme-Label Classification
Building Llama as a Service (LaaS)
Anthropic's Haiku Beats GPT-4 Turbo in Tool Use
Has AI Been Fueling Bitcoin's Price Increases Since the Turn of the Year?
Grok AI Creates Bizarre Fake News About the Solar Eclipse Thanks to Jokes on X
Simple Streamlit Sliders: Intaractive Map Visuals with GPT-4 Prompting
Synthetic Data, Explained: Why AI Trained on AI Is The Next Big Thing (and Problem)
Alibaba Chief Says China AI 2 Years Behind US, How Humor Forum Unexpectedly Makes AI Smarter, and China Approves 117 Gen-AI Models
HTML Streaming Over the Wire  : A Deep Dive
[D] What is your tech stack for research?
VoiceCraft: A Transformer-based Neural Codec Language Model (NCLM) that Achieves State-of-the-Art Performance on Speech Editing and Zero-Shot TTS
AI hardware company from Jony Ive, Sam Altman seeks $1 billion in funding
AI pop-ups can help you stop doomscrolling on your phone
Gretl Open Sources 100,000 Text-to-SQL Samples
Source: Meta plans to launch two small non-multimodal versions of Llama 3 next week; the biggest Llama 3 model will be multimodal and is expected this summer (Sylvia Varnham O'Regan/The Information)
MIT License text becomes viral  sad girl  piano ballad generated by AI
OpenAI vs. Vertex AI: A Comparison of Two Artificial Intelligence (AI) Powerhouses in 2024
AI will not revolutionize business management but it could make it worse
Adding Vercel analytics to your static Astro site
[R] The Missing U for Efficient Diffusion Models
Google DeepMind and Anthropic Researchers Introduce Equal-Info Windows: A Groundbreaking AI Method for Efficient LLM Training on Compressed Text
AURORA-M: A Global Symphony of Innovation as 33 Prestigious Institutions Unify for Open-Source Multilingual Mastery
Graphics card makers believe the RTX 5090 and 5080 will ship in Q4 2024
How CustomGPT Illustrates the Power of RAG in Generative AI
Multiverse, the apprenticeship unicorn, acquires Searchlight to put a focus on AI
A change to make diffusion models 80% faster
[D] In terms of RAG research, why does it seem like a lot of people aren't working on the retriever?
empty(), empty_like() and empty_strided in PyTorch
MeetKai Releases Functionary-V2.4: An Alternative to OpenAI Function Calling Models
Try Google's New State of Art Open Model: Gemma on Paperspace Gradient
Japan may join UK/US/Australia defense-oriented AI and quantum alliance
The road to innovation using AI and machine learning
Researchers from KAUST and Harvard Introduce MiniGPT4-Video: A Multimodal Large Language Model (LLM) Designed Specifically for Video Understanding
Data-Driven Decisions Made Easy With DataSwitch's DS Integrate
Designing for Human-Agent Alignment: Understanding what humans want from their agents
Rethinking Non-Negative Matrix Factorization with Implicit Neural Representations
IITK at SemEval-2024 Task 4: Hierarchical Embeddings for Detection of Persuasion Techniques in Memes
ProtoAL: Interpretable Deep Active Learning with prototypes for medical imaging
Enhancing Clinical Efficiency through LLM: Discharge Note Generation for Cardiac Patients
DeepLINK-T: deep learning inference for time series data using knockoffs and LSTM
HaVTR: Improving Video-Text Retrieval Through Augmentation Using Large Foundation Models
Securing the Skies: An IRS-Assisted AoI-Aware Secure Multi-UAV System with Efficient Task Offloading
Hypothesis Generation with Large Language Models
Transducers with Pronunciation-aware Embeddings for Automatic Speech Recognition
Accelerating Recommender Model Training by Dynamically Skipping Stale Embeddings
Review for Handling Missing Data with special missing mechanism
Demand Balancing in Primal-Dual Optimization for Blind Network Revenue Management
SEER-MoE: Sparse Expert Efficiency through Regularization for Mixture-of-Experts
Z-Splat: Z-Axis Gaussian Splatting for Camera-Sonar Fusion
Inferring the Phylogeny of Large Language Models and Predicting their Performances in Benchmarks
Exhaustive Exploitation of Nature-inspired Computation for Cancer Screening in an Ensemble Manner
Efficient Learning Using Spiking Neural Networks Equipped With Affine Encoders and Decoders
Efficient Gradient Estimation of Variational Quantum Circuits with Lie Algebraic Symmetries
Robust Few-Shot Ensemble Learning with Focal Diversity-Based Pruning
PointSAGE: Mesh-independent superresolution approach to fluid flow predictions
What Happens When Small Is Made Smaller? Exploring the Impact of Compression on Small Data Pretrained Language Models
Galaxy 3D Shape Recovery using Mixture Density Network
Bayesian Inference for Consistent Predictions in Overparameterized Nonlinear Regression
Multicalibration for Confidence Scoring in LLMs
Gull: A Generative Multifunctional Audio Codec
Improving Deep Learning Predictions with Simulated Images, and Vice Versa
Correcting Diffusion-Based Perceptual Image Compression with Privileged End-to-End Decoder
LHU-Net: A Light Hybrid U-Net for Cost-Efficient, High-Performance Volumetric Medical Image Segmentation
Optimization of Lightweight Malware Detection Models For AIoT Devices
Algorithmic Collective Action in Recommender Systems: Promoting Songs by Reordering Playlists
HyperTTS: Parameter Efficient Adaptation in Text to Speech using Hypernetworks
Assisting humans in complex comparisons: automated information comparison at scale
The NES Video-Music Database: A Dataset of Symbolic Video Game Music Paired with Gameplay Videos
Analyzing Economic Convergence Across the Americas: A Survival Analysis Approach to GDP per Capita Trajectories
Translation-based Video-to-Video Synthesis
Plug and Play with Prompts: A Prompt Tuning Approach for Controlling Text Generation
Allo: A Programming Model for Composable Accelerator Design
Mining Potentially Explanatory Patterns via Partial Solutions
AlphaCrystal-II: Distance matrix based crystal structure prediction using deep learning
Suppressing Modulation Instability with Reinforcement Learning
Language Model Evolution: An Iterated Learning Perspective
Joint Identifiability of Cross-Domain Recommendation via Hierarchical Subspace Disentanglement
Bayesian Additive Regression Networks
New methods for computing the generalized chi-square distribution
Power-Efficient Image Storage: Leveraging Super Resolution Generative Adversarial Network for Sustainable Compression and Reduced Carbon Footprint
Counting Like Transformers: Compiling Temporal Counting Logic Into Softmax Transformers
SELF-[IN]CORRECT: LLMs Struggle with Refining Self-Generated Responses
IITK at SemEval-2024 Task 10: Who is the speaker? Improving Emotion Recognition and Flip Reasoning in Conversations via Speaker Embeddings
Visual Knowledge in the Big Model Era: Retrospect and Prospect
IITK at SemEval-2024 Task 1: Contrastive Learning and Autoencoders for Semantic Textual Relatedness in Multilingual Texts
Longitudinal Targeted Minimum Loss-based Estimation with Temporal-Difference Heterogeneous Transformer
DL-EWF: Deep Learning Empowering Women's Fashion with Grounded-Segment-Anything Segmentation for Body Shape Classification
Trustless Audits without Revealing Data or Models
CAVIAR: Categorical-Variable Embeddings for Accurate and Robust Inference
Explaining Indian Stock Market through Geometry of Scale free Networks
DinoBloom: A Foundation Model for Generalizable Cell Embeddings in Hematology
Beyond the Known: Adversarial Autoencoders in Novelty Detection
IITK at SemEval-2024 Task 2: Exploring the Capabilities of LLMs for Safe Biomedical Natural Language Inference for Clinical Trials
Semantic Stealth: Adversarial Text Attacks on NLP Using Several Methods
Q-PEFT: Query-dependent Parameter Efficient Fine-tuning for Text Reranking with Large Language Models
Strictly-ID-Preserved and Controllable Accessory Advertising Image Generation
Msmsfnet: a multi-stream and multi-scale fusion net for edge detection
Neural-ABC: Neural Parametric Models for Articulated Body with Clothes
MonoTAKD: Teaching Assistant Knowledge Distillation for Monocular 3D Object Detection
D2SL: Decouple Defogging and Semantic Learning for Foggy Domain-Adaptive Segmentation
A self-attention model for robust rigid slice-to-volume registration of functional MRI
On Exploring PDE Modeling for Point Cloud Video Representation Learning
DATENeRF: Depth-Aware Text-based Editing of NeRFs
ShoeModel: Learning to Wear on the User-specified Shoes via Diffusion Model
HawkDrive: A Transformer-driven Visual Perception System for Autonomous Driving in Night Scene
Empowering Image Recovery_ A Multi-Attention Approach
BeyondScene: Higher-Resolution Human-Centric Scene Generation With Pretrained Diffusion
Collaborative Feedback Discriminative Propagation for Video Super-Resolution
CodecNeRF: Toward Fast Encoding and Decoding, Compact, and High-quality Novel-view Synthesis
Stitching Satellites to the Edge: Pervasive and Efficient Federated LEO Satellite Learning
Light the Night: A Multi-Condition Diffusion Framework for Unpaired Low-Light Enhancement in Autonomous Driving
Learning Instance-Aware Correspondences for Robust Multi-Instance Point Cloud Registration in Cluttered Scenes
Rethinking Self-training for Semi-supervised Landmark Detection: A Selection-free Approach
Music Recommendation Based on Facial Emotion Recognition
Structured Gradient-based Interpretations via Norm-Regularized Adversarial Training
Bridging the Gap Between End-to-End and Two-Step Text Spotting
NeRF2Points: Large-Scale Point Cloud Generation From Street Views' Radiance Field Optimization
UniMD: Towards Unifying Moment Retrieval and Temporal Action Detection
Interpretable Multimodal Learning for Cardiovascular Hemodynamics Assessment
Enhancing Video Summarization with Context Awareness
InitNO: Boosting Text-to-Image Diffusion Models via Initial Noise Optimization
SportsHHI: A Dataset for Human-Human Interaction Detection in Sports Videos
ConsistentEE: A Consistent and Hardness-Guided Early Exiting Method for Accelerating Language Models Inference
Efficient Learnable Collaborative Attention for Single Image Super-Resolution
Mixture of Low-rank Experts for Transferable AI-Generated Image Detection
ByteEdit: Boost, Comply and Accelerate Generative Image Editing
LRNet: Change detection of high-resolution remote sensing imagery via strategy of localization-then-refinement
A Unified Diffusion Framework for Scene-aware Human Motion Estimation from Sparse Signals
A Clinical-oriented Multi-level Contrastive Learning Method for Disease Diagnosis in Low-quality Medical Images
PIE: Physics-inspired Low-light Enhancement
Focused Active Learning for Histopathological Image Classification
Dual-Camera Smooth Zoom on Mobile Phones
Joint Reconstruction of 3D Human and Object via Contact-Based Refinement Transformer
VTR: An Optimized Vision Transformer for SAR ATR Acceleration on FPGA
Tokenization Matters: Navigating Data-Scarce Tokenization for Gender Inclusive Language Technologies
DifFUSER: Diffusion Model for Robust Multi-Sensor Fusion in 3D Object Detection and BEV Segmentation
Self-Training Large Language Models for Improved Visual Program Synthesis With Visual Reinforcement
Adaptive Intra-Class Variation Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
3D Building Reconstruction from Monocular Remote Sensing Images with Multi-level Supervisions
GLCM-Based Feature Combination for Extraction Model Optimization in Object Detection Using Machine Learning
Co-Occ: Coupling Explicit Feature Fusion with Volume Rendering Regularization for Multi-Modal 3D Semantic Occupancy Prediction
D$^3$: Scaling Up Deepfake Detection by Learning from Discrepancy
GenEARL: A Training-Free Generative Framework for Multimodal Event Argument Role Labeling
Rethinking Diffusion Model for Multi-Contrast MRI Super-Resolution
HiLo: Detailed and Robust 3D Clothed Human Reconstruction with High-and Low-Frequency Information of Parametric Models
Panoptic Perception: A Novel Task and Fine-grained Dataset for Universal Remote Sensing Image Interpretation
Towards Generalized Entropic Sparsification for Convolutional Neural Networks
MemFlow: Optical Flow Estimation and Prediction with Memory
OmniColor: A Global Camera Pose Optimization Approach of LiDAR-360Camera Fusion for Colorizing Point Clouds
Few-Shot Object Detection: Research Advances and Challenges
GvT: A Graph-based Vision Transformer with Talking-Heads Utilizing Sparsity, Trained from Scratch on Small Datasets
Diffusion Time-step Curriculum for One Image to 3D Generation
NPB-REC: A Non-parametric Bayesian Deep-learning Approach for Undersampled MRI Reconstruction with Uncertainty Estimation
GauU-Scene V2: Expanse Lidar Image Dataset Shows Unreliable Geometric Reconstruction Using Gaussian Splatting and NeRF
Salient Sparse Visual Odometry With Pose-Only Supervision
Anomaly Detection in Electrocardiograms: Advancing Clinical Diagnosis Through Self-Supervised Learning
SDFR: Synthetic Data for Face Recognition Competition
Frequency Decomposition-Driven Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Remote Sensing Image Semantic Segmentation
Fully Sparse 3D Occupancy Prediction
Sparse-group boosting -- Unbiased group and variable selection
SANeRF-HQ: Segment Anything for NeRF in High Quality
Energy-Calibrated VAE with Test Time Free Lunch
Towards a Simultaneous and Granular Identity-Expression Control in Personalized Face Generation
BARMPy: Bayesian Additive Regression Models Python Package
Reduction of Class Activation Uncertainty with Background Information
Understanding normalization in contrastive representation learning and out-of-distribution detection
Deep Learning notes
Filtering Pixel Latent Variables for Unmixing Noisy and Undersampled Volumetric Images
Autoregressive Omni-Aware Outpainting for Open-Vocabulary 360-Degree Image Generation
Silent Abandonment in Contact Centers: Estimating Customer Patience from Uncertain Data
360Loc: A Dataset and Benchmark for Omnidirectional Visual Localization with Cross-device Queries
Sketch3D: Style-Consistent Guidance for Sketch-to-3D Generation
Relightful Harmonization: Lighting-aware Portrait Background Replacement
Adaptively Placed Multi-Grid Scene Representation Networks for Large-Scale Data Visualization
Spatio-Temporal Turbulence Mitigation: A Translational Perspective
Transient Neural Radiance Fields for Lidar View Synthesis and 3D Reconstruction
Which One? Leveraging Context Between Objects and Multiple Views for Language Grounding
PV-SSD: A Multi-Modal Point Cloud Feature Fusion Method for Projection Features and Variable Receptive Field Voxel Features
AG-ReID.v2: Bridging Aerial and Ground Views for Person Re-identification
RTMO: Towards High-Performance One-Stage Real-Time Multi-Person Pose Estimation
Generate  Verified  Python Code Using AutoGen Conversable Agents
Generalized Criterion for Identifiability of Additive Noise Models Using Majorization
Holistic Inverse Rendering of Complex Facade via Aerial 3D Scanning
A Unified Masked Autoencoder with Patchified Skeletons for Motion Synthesis
Demystifying CLIP Data
You Only Train Once: A Unified Framework for Both Full-Reference and No-Reference Image Quality Assessment
promptrefiner: using GPT-4 to create perfect system prompt
EVCap: Retrieval-Augmented Image Captioning with External Visual-Name Memory for Open-World Comprehension
CCEdit: Creative and Controllable Video Editing via Diffusion Models
Joint2Human: High-quality 3D Human Generation via Compact Spherical Embedding of 3D Joints
CA-Jaccard: Camera-aware Jaccard Distance for Person Re-identification
UniPAD: A Universal Pre-training Paradigm for Autonomous Driving
SepVAE: a contrastive VAE to separate pathological patterns from healthy ones
SegmentAnything helps microscopy images based automatic and quantitative organoid detection and analysis
Estimating Individualized Treatment Rules Using Outcome Weighted Learning
Donor's Deferral and Return Behavior: Partial Identification from a Regression Discontinuity Design with Manipulation
SIFU: Side-view Conditioned Implicit Function for Real-world Usable Clothed Human Reconstruction
Introduction to Gen AI & RAG Applications with SingleStore
DPHMs: Diffusion Parametric Head Models for Depth-based Tracking
Get a Grip: Reconstructing Hand-Object Stable Grasps in Egocentric Videos
Zero-Shot Segmentation of Eye Features Using the Segment Anything Model (SAM)
Confronting Ambiguity in 6D Object Pose Estimation via Score-Based Diffusion on SE(3)
UPNet: Uncertainty-based Picking Deep Learning Network for Robust First Break Picking
GS-SLAM: Dense Visual SLAM with 3D Gaussian Splatting
Cooperation Does Matter: Exploring Multi-Order Bilateral Relations for Audio-Visual Segmentation
HOI4ABOT: Human-Object Interaction Anticipation for Human Intention Reading Collaborative roBOTs
Unifying Correspondence, Pose and NeRF for Pose-Free Novel View Synthesis from Stereo Pairs
Template Free Reconstruction of Human-object Interaction with Procedural Interaction Generation
Photo-SLAM: Real-time Simultaneous Localization and Photorealistic Mapping for Monocular, Stereo, and RGB-D Cameras
GP-NeRF: Generalized Perception NeRF for Context-Aware 3D Scene Understanding
A Universal Knowledge Embedded Contrastive Learning Framework for Hyperspectral Image Classification
Swap Attention in Spatiotemporal Diffusions for Text-to-Video Generation
Learning Optical Flow and Scene Flow with Bidirectional Camera-LiDAR Fusion
DiffSHEG: A Diffusion-Based Approach for Real-Time Speech-driven Holistic 3D Expression and Gesture Generation
Training Like a Medical Resident: Context-Prior Learning Toward Universal Medical Image Segmentation
SiT-MLP: A Simple MLP with Point-wise Topology Feature Learning for Skeleton-based Action Recognition
SAOR: Single-View Articulated Object Reconstruction
Depth Anything: Unleashing the Power of Large-Scale Unlabeled Data
Extending CLIP's Image-Text Alignment to Referring Image Segmentation
A ground-based dataset and a diffusion model for on-orbit low-light image enhancement
Maximally Forward-Looking Core Inflation
SiCL: Silhouette-Driven Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification with Clothes Change
Tailored Visions: Enhancing Text-to-Image Generation with Personalized Prompt Rewriting
PetKaz at SemEval-2024 Task 3: Advancing Emotion Classification with an LLM for Emotion-Cause Pair Extraction in Conversations
360{\\deg}REA: Towards A Reusable Experience Accumulation with 360{\\deg} Assessment for Multi-Agent System
PROMISE: A Framework for Developing Complex Conversational Interactions (Technical Report)
PetKaz at SemEval-2024 Task 8: Can Linguistics Capture the Specifics of LLM-generated Text?
XL$^2$Bench: A Benchmark for Extremely Long Context Understanding with Long-range Dependencies
Removing RLHF Protections in GPT-4 via Fine-Tuning
WeaverBird: Empowering Financial Decision-Making with Large Language Model, Knowledge Base, and Search Engine
Corex: Pushing the Boundaries of Complex Reasoning through Multi-Model Collaboration
AuditGPT: Auditing Smart Contracts with ChatGPT
Relation Extraction Using Large Language Models: A Case Study on Acupuncture Point Locations
SWE-bench: Can Language Models Resolve Real-World GitHub Issues?
Language Models as Critical Thinking Tools: A Case Study of Philosophers
Convoifilter: A case study of doing cocktail party speech recognition
Ghostbuster: Detecting Text Ghostwritten by Large Language Models
PerkwE_COQA: enhance Persian Conversational Question Answering by combining contextual keyword extraction with Large Language Models
CARE: Causality Reasoning for Empathetic Responses by Conditional Graph Generation
Learning to Rank Context for Named Entity Recognition Using a Synthetic Dataset
Fact-Checking Generative AI: Ontology-Driven Biological Graphs for Disease-Gene Link Verification
Echotune: A Modular Extractor Leveraging the Variable-Length Nature of Speech in ASR Tasks
Fighting crime with Transformers: Empirical analysis of address parsing methods in payment data
QRscript: Embedding a Programming Language in QR codes to support Decision and Management
Comparative Analysis of ChatGPT, GPT-4, and Microsoft Bing Chatbots for GRE Test
RoT: Enhancing Large Language Models with Reflection on Search Trees
Know When To Stop: A Study of Semantic Drift in Text Generation
Selecting Query-bag as Pseudo Relevance Feedback for Information-seeking Conversations
Language-Independent Representations Improve Zero-Shot Summarization
Efficient Streaming Language Models with Attention Sinks
Evaluating Task-oriented Dialogue Systems: A Systematic Review of Measures, Constructs and their Operationalisations
Automatic Restoration of Diacritics for Speech Data Sets
SafetyPrompts: a Systematic Review of Open Datasets for Evaluating and Improving Large Language Model Safety
Unveiling Global Narratives: A Multilingual Twitter Dataset of News Media on the Russo-Ukrainian Conflict
Within-Document Event Coreference with BERT-Based Contextualized Representations
NeuroComparatives: Neuro-Symbolic Distillation of Comparative Knowledge
SALMONN: Towards Generic Hearing Abilities for Large Language Models
SpeechAlign: Aligning Speech Generation to Human Preferences
Cross-lingual Argument Mining in the Medical Domain
NLP Progress in Indigenous Latin American Languages
Language Models on a Diet: Cost-Efficient Development of Encoders for Closely-Related Languages via Additional Pretraining
Getting Sick After Seeing a Doctor? Diagnosing and Mitigating Knowledge Conflicts in Event Temporal Reasoning
VietMed: A Dataset and Benchmark for Automatic Speech Recognition of Vietnamese in the Medical Domain
Enhancing Software Related Information Extraction with Generative Language Models through Single-Choice Question Answering
From Algebraic Word Problem to Program: A Formalized Approach
REMARK-LLM: A Robust and Efficient Watermarking Framework for Generative Large Language Models
TCAN: Text-oriented Cross Attention Network for Multimodal Sentiment Analysis
Synergy of Large Language Model and Model Driven Engineering for Automated Development of Centralized Vehicular Systems
Chinese Sequence Labeling with Semi-Supervised Boundary-Aware Language Model Pre-training
LTNER: Large Language Model Tagging for Named Entity Recognition with Contextualized Entity Marking
MedExpQA: Multilingual Benchmarking of Large Language Models for Medical Question Answering
Evaluating Mathematical Reasoning Beyond Accuracy
TRAQ: Trustworthy Retrieval Augmented Question Answering via Conformal Prediction
Measurement in the Age of LLMs: An Application to Ideological Scaling
FakeGPT: Fake News Generation, Explanation and Detection of Large Language Models
Want to be a great software engineer? Don't be a jerk.
Have You Merged My Model? On The Robustness of Large Language Model IP Protection Methods Against Model Merging
S3Eval: A Synthetic, Scalable, Systematic Evaluation Suite for Large Language Models
Positive and Risky Message Assessment for Music Products
A Survey in Mathematical Language Processing
Comparison between parameter-efficient techniques and full fine-tuning: A case study on multilingual news article classification
Technical Report: Impact of Position Bias on Language Models in Token Classification
Elementary fractal geometry. 5. Weak separation is strong separation
The Audio of This Bollywood Song was Generated by AI
This Machine Learning Paper Introduces JailbreakBench: An Open Robustness Benchmark for Jailbreaking Large Language Models
AI Boom Sends Korean Power Equipment Producers' Shares Surging
ConnectWise on CRN AI 100 List for Offering Innovative AI Solutions
In some US schools, boys have used AI  nudification  apps to create and share deepfakes of clothed female classmates, leading districts to scramble to respond (Natasha Singer/New York Times)
CodeEditorBench: A Machine Learning System for Evaluating the Effectiveness of Large Language Models (LLMs) in Code Editing Activities
Reader poll   what next for AI and HPC
Choosing the right GPU for AI, machine learning, and more
Tesla to Unveil Robotaxi in August
LlamaIndex vs LangChain: A Comparison of Artificial Intelligence (AI) Frameworks
11 Python Newsletters You Need to Subscribe to in 2024
AI Impact on Workers Being Assessed by Consortium
Reshape wants to help 'decode nature' by automating the 'visual' part of lab experiments
Top Product Management Books to Read in 2024
ChatGPT & the Enterprise: Balancing Caution and Innovation in the Age of AI
Conversational Internet is Digitizing the Other Half of the World
GlobalLogic's Platform of Platforms to Enable Enterprise-Grade AI
The Terminator wants to sell you face cream: how AI influencers are taking over Instagram
AI data security startup Cyera confirms $300M raise at a $1.4B valuation
More expansive GPU doesn't mean better always actually in many case in AI. Here a great example.
Meta Will Add 'Made With AI' Labels on Images and Videos Next Month
The best use of generative AI for office workers so far could be relieving a massive productivity drain: meeting overload
Learn Generative AI for Free [E-Book]!
Why the Chinese government is sparing AI from harsh regulations for now
Best Buy AI Tools Aim to Make In-Home Services More Efficient
Meet Instructor: A Python Library that Makes it Easy to Reliably Get Structured Data like JSON from Large Language Models (LLMs) like GPT-3.5, GPT-4, GPT-4-Vision
SAS recognized on the first-ever CRN AI 100 List
Could AI-generated content be dangerous for our health?
Reinforcement Learning: Introduction and Main Concepts
Elon Musk says xAI's Grok 2.0 will surpass GPT-4 by May
Irish researchers unveil Pytch app to help students learn coding
Enhancing AI Transparency and Trust with Composite AI
Animated Tab Bar Using HTML and CSS || Free Source Code
A miniaturized vision-based tactile sensor based on fiber optic bundles
Meta Set to Release Two Small Versions of Llama 3 Next Week
AI could crash democracy and cause wars, warns Japan's NTT
[D] How does an Asynchronous Parameter Server work with Data Parallelism techniques?
Digital trail identifying Israeli spy chief has been online for years
Meet Depot: A Developer Focused Startup with an AI-Powered Approach to Faster Docker Builds
Forthcoming machine learning and AI seminars: April 2024 edition
Microsoft Opens AI Hub in London to Advance Consumer Tech
Phrase CLI Config YAML
Finnish startup Basemark secures  22M to make driving safer with AR
Godfather of AI' Geoffrey Hinton receives UCD's highest honour
Wealthy? Or WELLthy?
What if ChatGPT Had Already Reached its Glory?
Compute is the New Oil
Card game creator says it paid an AI artist $1,500 per hour to create its images, stating  no one is on his level
Edge 385: The Two Big Schools for Building Autonomous Agents
South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol says the country plans to invest ~$7B in AI by 2027, and will create a separate ~$1B fund to foster AI chip companies (Reuters)
Lunit announced the publication of a new study
Meta to release two smaller versions of its Llama 3 open-source model next week
Linwei Ding worked for Google. He was also a prolific thief, say federal prosecutors.
[R] No  Zero-Shot  Without Exponential Data: Pretraining Concept Frequency Determines Multimodal Model Performance
Meet Sailor: A Family of Open Language Models Ranging from 0.5B to 7B Parameters for Southeast Asian (SEA) Languages
Microsoft Researchers Propose Visualization-of-Thought Elicits Spatial Reasoning in Large Language Models
Remove Unnecessary Warnings in Tensorflow GPU
Elon Musk predicts superhuman AI will be smarter than people next year
Arm flexes silicon muscles to push generative AI at the edge
HyperCLOVA X: Naver's leap in Asian language AI
Google releases Imagen 2, a video clip generator
Students Are Likely Writing Millions of Papers With AI
Python - How  Import  Directive Works
Google open-sources tools to support AI model development
With Vertex AI Agent Builder, Google Cloud aims to simplify agent creation
Google updates Gemini and Gemma on Vertex AI, and gives Imagen a text-to-live-image generator
Google Workspace gets new generative AI features, including an AI-powered video creation app
Google unveils Gemini Code Assist and I'm cautiously optimistic it will help programmers
Symbolica, which develops foundation models offering an alternative to the transformer AI architecture, raised a $31M Series A led by Khosla Ventures (Anna Tong/Reuters)
Google's first Arm-based CPU will challenge Microsoft and Amazon in the AI race
With Vids, Google thinks it has the next big productivity tool for work
Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian unveils AI updates: corporate Gemini users can  ground  responses in reliable sources, Search as a Gemini answer source, and more (Bloomberg)
Your RAM's RGB lights might bleach your GPU's backplate
Google looks to monetize AI with two new $10 Workspace add-ons
Plotting Financial Data in Kotlin with Kandy
Fury as AI Video Wins Competition Held by Pink Floyd
Google's Gemini Pro 1.5 enters public preview on Vertex AI
Google's new AI video generator is more HR than Hollywood
Nvidia, Google Cloud Partner to Boost Generative AI Startups
AI Coding Is Going From Copilot to Autopilot
Gemini Code Assist debuts at Google Cloud Next 24
Google's Gemini Cloud Assist helps manage cloud apps
The Download: how China plans to regulate AI
Microsoft plans to invest $2.9B in data centers in Japan by 2025, its biggest investment in the country, and will add advanced AI chips at two existing sites (Naoki Watanabe/Nikkei Asia)
Google's Gemini comes to databases
Symbolica hopes to head off the AI arms race by betting on symbolic models
Microsoft Launches London AI Hub Focused on Language Model Research
Papers, Please! - Know Your Customer With AI
Platform Engineering and GenAI: 'Get Your House in Order'
SiMa.ai, CVEDIA and Inventec announce partnership
Google adds Gemini to databases to aid faster code development, migration
Google Unveils New Generative AI Features in Vertex AI
Google Shows AI Model Is Enterprise-Ready After Gemini Mishaps
Google unveils new Gemini-powered security updates to Chronicle and Workspace
Google Gemini chatbots are coming to a customer service interaction near you
New Google Vids product helps create a customized video with an AI assist
Nvidia's next-gen Blackwell platform will come to Google Cloud in early 2025
Google injects generative AI into its cloud security tools
[Dreams of a salaryman] Created my first short using Midjourney > Runway > After Effects
Microsoft pumps $2.9 billion into Japan's AI and cloud infrastructure
[D] Copilot (and alternatives) with an endpoint to support manually crafted context by anyone
Meta's Nick Clegg plays down AI's threat to global democracy
Google unveils open source projects for generative AI
Suno AI - Dwarven Ballad  - Blow my mind.
Google's AI Updates and Tesla's Sales Expectations | Bloomberg Technology
Does Your Company Have a Data Strategy?
3 Best Methods for Spatial Interpolation
Elon Musk: AI will be smarter than any human around the end of next year
The Risks of Artificial Intelligence: Navigating the Challenges of an AI-Driven Future
Start with Python Dictionaries
A solid pattern to build LLM Applications (feat. Claude)
GM's Cruise robotaxis are back in Phoenix   but people are driving them
How to Effectively Forecast Time Series with Amazon's New Time Series Forecasting Model
Discover The Top 10 Most Used OpenAI GPTs
Apple's new AI model can understand your home screen and supercharge Siri
IBM's marketing chief explains how the company is harnessing AI to boost productivity
This AI newsletter is all you need #94
New code mines microscopy images in scientific articles
When Waddington meets Helmholtz: EPR-Net for constructing the potential landscapes of complex non-equilibrium systems
Stability AI unveils 12B parameter Stable LM 2 model and updated 1.6B variant
Poe introduces a price-per-message revenue model for AI bot creators
AI-Driven HBM Uptake Is Power-Sensitive
Apple researchers publish a paper on Ferret-UI, a multimodal LLM tailored for enhanced understanding of mobile UI screens (Malcolm Owen/AppleInsider)
Mastering Large Language Model (LLM) Fine-Tuning: Top Learning Resources
Dyson's new AR feature shows where you have (and haven't) vacuumed
New bill would force AI companies to reveal use of copyrighted art
Embedded World 2024: Day One Roundup
Can large language models replace human participants in some future market research?
Kishida Urges US Executives to Boost Tech Investments in Japan
Transcribe audio and video files with Python and Universal-1
Python in Geoscience: An Essential Skill
Elon Musk says AI will be smarter than humans in 2 years
5 Ways to Serve Open Source LLMs (With Code Examples)
Suno made me a nordic style mystical rap on how to make banana bread. I'm kind of blown away..
Mastering RAG Systems: From Fundamentals to Advanced, with Strategic Component Evaluation
Google's Deep Mind AI can help engineers predict  catastrophic failure
Intel's Gaudi 3 Goes After Nvidia
System uses artificial intelligence to detect wild animals on roads and avoid accidents
Python 3.12.3 and 3.13.0a6 released
Google's Next-Generation AI Model Gemini 1.5 Pro is Now Available in Public Preview on Google Cloud's Vertex AI Platform
In London, Meta execs downplayed the negative impact of AI on elections, touted open-source AI, and confirmed Llama's next version will arrive by next month (Mark Bergen/Bloomberg)
Open-sourcing generative AI
eBay adds an AI-powered  shop the look  feature to its iOS app, with personalized recommendations for users that have viewed 10+ fashion items in six months (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Meta plans to tease Llama 3 next week before a broader summer 2024 launch
How I Became a Data Scientist as an International Student with Broken English
Intel shows off latest 'Gaudi' AI chip, pitched towards enterprises
The Math Behind Convolutional Neural Networks
Code a 2-layer Neural Network from Scratch
Your Google Docs are (probably) safe from AI training
Google Introduces Axion, First Arm-based CPU
OpenAI makes GPT-4 Turbo with Vision available to developers to unlock new AI apps
Learn 9 Ways to Implement Responsible AI at ODSC East 2024
AI-Powered Camera Takes Pictures of People But Instantly Makes Them Naked
AI-generated pornography will disrupt the adult content industry and raise new ethical concerns
Asus' new OLED laptops run on the latest AI-capable chips
Google Cloud Next 2024: New Data Center Chip and Chrome Enterprise Premium Join the Ecosystem
Large Language Models for Code by Loubna Ben Allal at QCon London
OpenAI introduces flexible message limit for GPT-4, which not everyone likes
Texas Launches AI Grader for Student Essay Tests But Insists It's Not Like ChatGPT
Intel takes aim at Nvidia with new Gaudi 3 AI chip
Intel Unveils Xeon 6 Processors
Despite two previous court victories, Tesla settles third Autopilot liability case
Ola Krutrim, Infosys, and Bharti Airtel to Leverage Intel Gaudi 2 to Unleash AI Innovations
OpenAI releases enhanced GPT-4 vision model for ChatGPT and API
.NET Monthly Roundup - March 2024 - .NET 9 Preview 2, Smart Components, AI fun, and more!
AutoCodeRover: BEST Automated Software Engineer! (Opensource)
Java Persistence with Spring Data and Hibernate - First Chapter Summary
Claude vs ChatGPT: A Comparison of AI Chatbots
South Korea to invest $7 billion in AI by 2027
Zed and AI will save us millions... and you might soon lose your job
Google Cloud chief is really psyched about this AI thing
A Paranoid Future Scenario For AI
NYSE Executive Says 'Handful' of AI Startups Are Exploring IPOs
Quora-owned AI chatbot platform Poe now allows bot creators to set a per-message price for their bots and rolls out enhanced analytics dashboard for creators (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
[D] Discussion on Issues Arising from Using a Pretrained Model as an Objective Function for Training Another Model
Intel says its next-gen Lunar Lake laptop chips will have 100+ TOPS of performance in AI tasks and elements of Microsoft's Copilot will soon run locally on PCs (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
Planet unveils platform to merge data with analytics
Google just unveiled a new weapon against Microsoft and Amazon in the AI arms race
OpenAI makes GPT-4 Turbo with Vision generally available in the API, and lets Vision requests use JSON mode and function calling (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
AI Stock Frenzy Spurs $50 Billion ETF Boom in Taiwan
[D] Which is the best model ( Multi modal or LM) under 3B parameters w.r.t good training vs performance tradeoff? (i.e good parameter efficiency)
General Atlantic Sees Value in Chinese Startups; Coatue Tries to Avoid AI Exuberance
Alethea, whose ML service monitors online chatter to help companies detect disinformation, raised a $20M Series B by GV, bringing its total raised to $34M (Sam Sabin/Axios)
How AI Is Forcing the Tech Sector to Reflect on Ethics
Smaller Can Be Better: Exploring the Sampling Efficiency of Latent Diffusion Models
How much does degree title matter vs skills and classes taken for an MS?
Choose Your Own AIdventure - A CloudFlare Challenge
AI Can Pretend To Be Stupider Than It Really Is, Scientists Find
Has anyone taken the Master of Applied Data Science from the University of Michigan on Coursera?
How to Use Jupyter Notebook: A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners
Intel expected to unveil faster Battlemage GPUs by the holiday season
Bringing MegaBlocks to Databricks
Microsoft AI Introduces Direct Nash Optimization (DNO): A Scalable Machine Learning Algorithm that Combines the Simplicity and Stability of Contrastive Learning with the Theoretical Generality of Optimizing General Preferences
Cruise will resume robotaxi tests after one of its cars ran someone over
Google partners with Bayer on an AI product that can flag anomalies within images for radiologists and summarize information from a patient's medical history (Ashley Capoot/CNBC)
Intel over the Moon as Lunar Lake's NPU performance TOPS Meteor Lake
How to Work Remotely and Not Feel Isolated
zeros(), zeros_like(), ones() and ones_like() in PyTorch
Extracting data from unstructured text and images with Datasette and GPT-4 Turbo
Suno AI is so good it gives me goosebumps...
Underground AI Live (Exploring Unknown AI Tools)
From MVP to Production // Day 2 Panel 2 // AI in Production Conference
Mistral tweet a magnet link for mixtral-8x22b
Copenhagen-based Reshape, whose AI-powered robotic imaging system helps track visual changes in lab experiments, raised a $20M Series A led by Astanor Ventures (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
Labeling tool free vs paid version (any recommendation)
Is anyone familiar with the state of the academic job market for data science/ML/statistics?
Stanford CS 25 Transformers Course (OPEN TO EVERYBODY)
Cornell University Researchers Introduce Reinforcement Learning for Consistency Models for Efficient Training and Inference in Text-to-Image Generation
Google AI Unveils CodeGemma: A Set of Open Code Models Built on Top of Gemma, Capable of a Variety of Code and Natural Language Generation Tasks
Gemini 1.5 Pro public preview
Microsoft's Japan Investment Boosts Power, Industrial Shares
Use Chat GPT 4 for Free
Mumbai-based Neysa, which offers a suite of generative AI tools to help clients manage their AI projects, raised a $20M seed led by Matrix, Nexus, and NTTVC (Jessica Rajan/The Economic Times)
US Air Force to Deploy 1,000 AI Drones for Future Air Warfare
Google Cloud and Bayer team up to create AI platform for radiologists
AI-assisted Mammograms: A Game-Changer in Detecting Breast Cancer
Intel unveils powerful new AI chip Gaudi 3 to challenge Nvidia's dominance
AdaGossip: Adaptive Consensus Step-size for Decentralized Deep Learning with Communication Compression
Deep Reinforcement Learning for Personalized Diagnostic Decision Pathways Using Electronic Health Records: A Comparative Study on Anemia and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
5 Best AI YouTube Summarizer Tools (April 2024)
Enhancing Inference Efficiency of Large Language Models: Investigating Optimization Strategies and Architectural Innovations
WPP announces a collaboration with Google, integrating Gemini AI tools with WPP data to create scripts, product images, and more for ad clients like Coca-Cola (Nicola Agius/Search Engine Land)
Dynamical stability and chaos in artificial neural network trajectories along training
Streamlining Ocean Dynamics Modeling with Fourier Neural Operators: A Multiobjective Hyperparameter and Architecture Optimization Approach
Rapid and Precise Topological Comparison with Merge Tree Neural Networks
OpenAI Launches GPT-4 Turbo with Vision in API
Interpretability in Symbolic Regression: a benchmark of Explanatory Methods using the Feynman data set
Self-Labeling in Multivariate Causality and Quantification for Adaptive Machine Learning
why is all dev tool innovation in the AI/ML space focused on the least time consuming stuff?
STMGF: An Effective Spatial-Temporal Multi-Granularity Framework for Traffic Forecasting
Soil respiration signals in response to sustainable soil management practices enhance soil organic carbon stocks
Came long way
Attention-Driven Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning: Enhancing Decisions with Expertise-Informed Tasks
Negative Preference Optimization: From Catastrophic Collapse to Effective Unlearning
Natural Learning
Label Propagation Training Schemes for Physics-Informed Neural Networks and Gaussian Processes
Softmax Attention with Constant Cost per Token
Data Readiness for AI: A 360-Degree Survey
Learning Heuristics for Transit Network Design and Improvement with Deep Reinforcement Learning
Little Strokes Fell Great Oaks: Boosting the Hierarchical Features for Multi-exposure Image Fusion
The PetShop Dataset -- Finding Causes of Performance Issues across Microservices
Detecting and Mitigating System-Level Anomalies of Vision-Based Controllers
Incremental Joint Learning of Depth, Pose and Implicit Scene Representation on Monocular Camera in Large-scale Scenes
Anomaly Score: Evaluating Generative Models and Individual Generated Images based on Complexity and Vulnerability
On the expressivity of embedding quantum kernels
HFNeRF: Learning Human Biomechanic Features with Neural Radiance Fields
StoryImager: A Unified and Efficient Framework for Coherent Story Visualization and Completion
Towards generalizing deep-audio fake detection networks
The NFLikelihood: an unsupervised DNNLikelihood from Normalizing Flows
Industrial Application of 6D Pose Estimation for Robotic Manipulation in Automotive Internal Logistics
Quantum Long Short-Term Memory (QLSTM) vs Classical LSTM in Time Series Forecasting: A Comparative Study in Solar Power Forecasting
ADaPT: As-Needed Decomposition and Planning with Language Models
Greedy-DiM: Greedy Algorithms for Unreasonably Effective Face Morphs
LIPT: Latency-aware Image Processing Transformer
Improving Facial Landmark Detection Accuracy and Efficiency with Knowledge Distillation
Efficient and Robust Point Cloud Registration via Heuristics-guided Parameter Search
Single Mesh Diffusion Models with Field Latents for Texture Generation
DiffHarmony: Latent Diffusion Model Meets Image Harmonization
Forecasting Electric Vehicle Battery Output Voltage: A Predictive Modeling Approach
Band-Attention Modulated RetNet for Face Forgery Detection
Identifying Constitutive Parameters for Complex Hyperelastic Materials using Physics-Informed Neural Networks
Prompt-driven Universal Model for View-Agnostic Echocardiography Analysis
FedQV: Leveraging Quadratic Voting in Federated Learning
Diffusion-Based Point Cloud Super-Resolution for mmWave Radar Data
Object Dynamics Modeling with Hierarchical Point Cloud-based Representations
EasyTrack: Efficient and Compact One-stream 3D Point Clouds Tracker
Enhanced Radar Perception via Multi-Task Learning: Towards Refined Data for Sensor Fusion Applications
An Edit Friendly DDPM Noise Space: Inversion and Manipulations
Beyond Size: How Gradients Shape Pruning Decisions in Large Language Models
Towards Improved Semiconductor Defect Inspection for high-NA EUVL based on SEMI-SuperYOLO-NAS
Gaussian Pancakes: Geometrically-Regularized 3D Gaussian Splatting for Realistic Endoscopic Reconstruction
Unified Multi-modal Diagnostic Framework with Reconstruction Pre-training and Heterogeneity-combat Tuning
Visual-information-driven model for crowd simulation using temporal convolutional network
Privacy-Preserving Deep Learning Using Deformable Operators for Secure Task Learning
DreamView: Injecting View-specific Text Guidance into Text-to-3D Generation
Space-Time Video Super-resolution with Neural Operator
YOLC: You Only Look Clusters for Tiny Object Detection in Aerial Images
Stochastic Controlled Averaging for Federated Learning with Communication Compression
ExIFFI and EIF+: Interpretability and Enhanced Generalizability to Extend the Extended Isolation Forest
Improving Interpretable Embeddings for Ad-hoc Video Search with Generative Captions and Multi-word Concept Bank
Concept-Attention Whitening for Interpretable Skin Lesion Diagnosis
Neural Code Generation Enhancement via Functional Overlap Reranking
Show Your Work with Confidence: Confidence Bands for Tuning Curves
Linear convergence of forward-backward accelerated algorithms without knowledge of the modulus of strong convexity
Towards Explainable Automated Neuroanatomy
Revising Densification in Gaussian Splatting
Unified Entropy Optimization for Open-Set Test-Time Adaptation
Anchor-based Multi-view Subspace Clustering with Hierarchical Feature Descent
Hash3D: Training-free Acceleration for 3D Generation
EPL: Evidential Prototype Learning for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation
Suboptimality analysis of receding horizon quadratic control with unknown linear systems and its applications in learning-based control
Advancing Regular Language Reasoning in Linear Recurrent Neural Networks
PAIR-Diffusion: A Comprehensive Multimodal Object-Level Image Editor
Uncertainty-aware Evidential Fusion-based Learning for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation
Hierarchical Insights: Exploiting Structural Similarities for Reliable 3D Semantic Segmentation
Learning to Fly in Seconds
Mansformer: Efficient Transformer of Mixed Attention for Image Deblurring and Beyond
DiffusionLight: Light Probes for Free by Painting a Chrome Ball
Enhancing Trustworthiness in ML-Based Network Intrusion Detection with Uncertainty Quantification
How to Build a Generative AI Tool for Information Extraction from Receipts
Detection of fields of applications in biomedical abstracts with the support of argumentation elements
TOPFORMER: Topology-Aware Authorship Attribution of Deepfake Texts with Diverse Writing Styles
SmurfCat at SemEval-2024 Task 6: Leveraging Synthetic Data for Hallucination Detection
SQATIN: Supervised Instruction Tuning Meets Question Answering for Improved Dialogue NLU
\\'UFAL LatinPipe at EvaLatin 2024: Morphosyntactic Analysis of Latin
ClinLinker: Medical Entity Linking of Clinical Concept Mentions in Spanish
Robustifying Conditional Portfolio Decisions via Optimal Transport
Further Understanding of a Local Gaussian Process Approximation: Characterising Convergence in the Finite Regime
Making Old Kurdish Publications Processable by Augmenting Available Optical Character Recognition Engines
Event Extraction in Basque: Typologically motivated Cross-Lingual Transfer-Learning Analysis
Pitfalls of Conversational LLMs on News Debiasing
Deep Multi-Threshold Spiking-UNet for Image Processing
Comparing Two Model Designs for Clinical Note Generation; Is an LLM a Useful Evaluator of Consistency?
Eagle and Finch: RWKV with Matrix-Valued States and Dynamic Recurrence
VI-OOD: A Unified Representation Learning Framework for Textual Out-of-distribution Detection
SurveyAgent: A Conversational System for Personalized and Efficient Research Survey
Polynomial-time derivation of optimal k-tree topology from Markov networks
Eraser: Jailbreaking Defense in Large Language Models via Unlearning Harmful Knowledge
Latent Distance Guided Alignment Training for Large Language Models
Privacy Preserving Prompt Engineering: A Survey
AiSAQ: All-in-Storage ANNS with Product Quantization for DRAM-free Information Retrieval
Large Language Models to the Rescue: Deadlock Resolution in Multi-Robot Systems
Rich Human Feedback for Text-to-Image Generation
Generalizable Sarcasm Detection Is Just Around The Corner, Of Course!
Mining experimental data from Materials Science literature with Large Language Models: an evaluation study
AgentQuest: A Modular Benchmark Framework to Measure Progress and Improve LLM Agents
GMISeg: General Medical Image Segmentation without Re-Training
Fumbling in Babel: An Investigation into ChatGPT's Language Identification Ability
Optimization Methods for Personalizing Large Language Models through Retrieval Augmentation
Simplicity bias, algorithmic probability, and the random logistic map
The Hallucinations Leaderboard -- An Open Effort to Measure Hallucinations in Large Language Models
(Not) Understanding Latin Poetic Style with Deep Learning
Exploring the Necessity of Visual Modality in Multimodal Machine Translation using Authentic Datasets
THOUGHTSCULPT: Reasoning with Intermediate Revision and Search
SGV3D:Towards Scenario Generalization for Vision-based Roadside 3D Object Detection
Use of a Structured Knowledge Base Enhances Metadata Curation by Large Language Models
WILBUR: Adaptive In-Context Learning for Robust and Accurate Web Agents
One-Step Late Fusion Multi-view Clustering with Compressed Subspace
TriSAM: Tri-Plane SAM for zero-shot cortical blood vessel segmentation in VEM images
[Call for Papers] The 2nd BabyLM Challenge: Sample-efficient pretraining on a developmentally plausible corpus
Interplay of Machine Translation, Diacritics, and Diacritization
LLM2Vec: Large Language Models Are Secretly Powerful Text Encoders
nEMO: Dataset of Emotional Speech in Polish
Carve3D: Improving Multi-view Reconstruction Consistency for Diffusion Models with RL Finetuning
GeniL: A Multilingual Dataset on Generalizing Language
Rethinking the Role of Token Retrieval in Multi-Vector Retrieval
Event-enhanced Retrieval in Real-time Search
FreeEval: A Modular Framework for Trustworthy and Efficient Evaluation of Large Language Models
Cendol: Open Instruction-tuned Generative Large Language Models for Indonesian Languages
Identifying Shopping Intent in Product QA for Proactive Recommendations
RAR-b: Reasoning as Retrieval Benchmark
LLMs' Reading Comprehension Is Affected by Parametric Knowledge and Struggles with Hypothetical Statements
Full-dose Whole-body PET Synthesis from Low-dose PET Using High-efficiency Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model: PET Consistency Model
General-Purpose vs. Domain-Adapted Large Language Models for Extraction of Structured Data from Chest Radiology Reports
VisualWebBench: How Far Have Multimodal LLMs Evolved in Web Page Understanding and Grounding?
Clue-Instruct: Text-Based Clue Generation for Educational Crossword Puzzles
Ada-LEval: Evaluating long-context LLMs with length-adaptable benchmarks
Understanding Cross-Lingual Alignment -- A Survey
TrailBlazer: Trajectory Control for Diffusion-Based Video Generation
A Family of Pretrained Transformer Language Models for Russian
[R] DROID: A Large-Scale In-The-Wild Robot Manipulation Dataset
Databricks Launches Data Intelligence Platform for Energy Sector
Three major LLM releases in 24 hours (plus weeknotes)
Andrej Karpathy Trains GPT-2 in Pure C Without PyTorch
Design an Easy-to-Use Deep Learning Framework
Linear Regressions for Causal Conclusions
Overwriting in Python: Tricky. Dangerous. Powerful
The Honeybees Versus the Murder Hornets
JS Study Notes(1) CN
TSMC's Sales Surge Most Since 2022 After Riding AI Chip Boom
Nvidia Blackwell Perf TCO Analysis - B100 vs B200 vs GB200NVL72
Who Needs OpenAI's GPT-4?
[D] Feature engineering for timeseries datasets
The Future of Work: AI's Impact on Employment and Skills
Change Data Capture: A Practical Guide to Real-Time Data Integration
ORPO: Preference Optimization without the Supervised Fine-tuning (SFT) Step
Building an Answer Scoring Agent with Lyzr ChatAgent and Streamlit
Intel takes aim at Nvidia with latest Gaudi 3 AI chip
5 Reasons How a Small Business Can Benefit from Using Data Analytics
MetaGPT and MetaGPT RAG Module (with Sturdy Design of the Llama-Index)
Intel CEO suggests AI can help to create a one-person Unicorn
Oracle Taps Palantir in New Cloud, AI Partnership
How Safe is Google Cloud for Running Generative AI Applications
AI combined with Node.js x-crawl crawler
Adani Group Acquires 25 Acres in Pune for Data Centre Development
Google Cloud and Bayer team up to bring AI to radiologists
Reshape raises $20m to take AI and robotics business to US
This Machine Learning Paper Introduce PISSA: Principal Singular Values and Singular Vectors Adaptation of Large Language Models
Unisys names Brett Barton as Global AI Practice Leader
Humans Forget. AI Assistants Will Remember Everything
Sigma: Changing AI Perception with Multi-Modal Semantic Segmentation through a Siamese Mamba Network for Enhanced Environmental Understanding
Article: Modernizing Testing Practices for Jakarta EE Projects
Fully local retrieval-augmented generation, step by step
Generative AI can turn your most precious memories into photos that never existed
Avant Technologies acquires Wired-4-Health
Taiwan Exports 'On Fire' as Global Demand for AI Servers Surges
Q&A with Getty Images CEO Craig Peters on the deal with Nvidia to create AI tools trained on Getty's stock images, the need for AI industry standards, and more (Scott Roxborough/The Hollywood Reporter)
AI boom is boosting demand even for HDDs, raising prices by up to 20% since Q3
Go language shines for AI-powered workloads, survey says
To understand the risks posed by AI, follow the money
How to Stop Your Data From Being Used to Train AI
Biden and Kishida Enlist Amazon, Nvidia to Fund AI Research
Is compute the binding constraint on AI research? Interview with Rebecca Gelles and Ronnie Kinoshita
Meta's AI chief: LLMs will never reach human-level intelligence
Google updates and expands its open source Gemma AI model family
CT-LLM: A 2B Tiny LLM that Illustrates a Pivotal Shift Towards Prioritizing the Chinese Language in Developing LLMs
Introducing the AssemblyAI integration for LangChain Go
AI to Generate $1 Million On its Own in 3-5 Years
Election Workers Are Drowning in Records Requests. AI Chatbots Could Make It Worse
This 20-year-old AI Researcher Created the much-needed Indic LLM Leaderboard
AI to Lead 2024 Elections in India
Can AI Resolve Bengaluru's Water Crisis?
Nvidia employees are getting richer with a 'special Jensen grant' that boosts their stock awards by 25%
Snyk secures AI-Driven Development with Google Cloud
AutoWebGLM: A GPT-4-Outperforming Automated Web Navigation Agent Built Upon ChatGLM3-6B
Nvidia gives AI supercomputer to students so they have the same power as big tech engineers
Will AI be able to solve the issues in Dating Apps?
I'm still trying to generate an AI Asian man and white woman
The Download: generating AI memories, and China's softening tech regulation
HomeHQ.ai founders illuminate the path from idea to success at TC Early Stage 2024
OpenAI and Meta are on the verge of releasing AI models capable of reasoning like humans, report says
AI race heats up as OpenAI, Google and Mistral release new models
OpenAI makes GPT-4 Turbo with Vision API generally available
Google Unveils RecurrentGemma, Moves Away From Transformer Based Models
Cruise's robotaxis return to Arizona roads
[D] Seeking advice on curating a DPO dataset for a 7B model
US bill proposes AI companies list what copyrighted materials they use
Step-By-Step: How To Create a Linux Virtual Machine In Azure
Google's Gemini 1.5 Pro, OpenAI GPT-4 Turbo API and Mistral MoE 8x22B
10 GitHub Repositories to Master Python
AI Companies Would Have to Fess Up on What They Use to Train AI Under Proposed Law
How AI Is Improving Customer Loyalty
Improving Delivery Logistics with AI
The Killer Humans Behind Killer Computers
Microsoft commits billions to develop AI and cloud in Japan
Meta's open source GPT-4 competitor Llama 3 is coming soon
AI Snake Oil is now available to preorder
LLMs battle it out in Street Fighter here's what it means for real applications
Think Silicon and Edge Impulse announced collaboration
Matt Hocking, Co-Founder & CEO of WellSaid Labs   Interview Series
This Summer, Expect GPT-5 and Llama 3 to Heat Up the LLM Race
Visual Autoregressive Modeling: Scalable Image Generation via Next-Scale Prediction
Intel unveils its Gaudi 3 AI accelerator: 128GB HBM2e memory, set to rival Nvidia H100 and AMD MI300
The Controversy of AI Greeting Cards
BT Young Scientist Regeneron winners prepare for global contest
'Multimodal is the most unappreciated AI breakthrough' says DoNotPayCEO Joshua Browder
AI Adoption in the U.S.: Trends, Applications, and Implications for the Future of Work
Quora's AI chatbot platform Poe offers bot creators cash for each user message
Researchers find a faster, better way to prevent an AI chatbot from giving toxic responses
Google's CodeGemma: I am not Impressed
Madrid-based big data observability startup Onum, which launched in 2023, raised a $28M Series A led by Dawn Capital, with participation from Insight and Kibo (Mike Wheatley/SiliconANGLE)
Mixture of Experts
Mistral AI Stuns With Surprise Launch of New Mixtral 8x22B Model
Google Cloud's AI-Powered Security Tools Improve Enterprise Security
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/9/2024
AI chatbots share some human biases, researchers find
Low-rank (or low-impact) CV/ML journals
Meta Trades at a Discount to Magnificent Seven After $1 Trillion AI Rally
Google Unveils New AI Innovations in Workspace at Cloud Next 2024
Exploring the OpenAI API with Python
Google Cloud Launches Arm-Based CPUs to Power AI Workloads
How (and When) to Use a Python While Loop
Best AI tool for web research, that ACTUALLY crawls the web?
Creating Brand-Aligned Images Using Generative AI
'What we're seeing is not telehealth': alarm over doctors using AI and prescribing without seeing patients
Build a serverless ChatGPT with RAG using LangChain.js
Now Hiring: Sophisticated (but Part-Time) Chatbot Tutors
Google's Cloud Next keynote was by far its most impressive presentation in the AI era, not least because the company realizes its infrastructure advantages (Ben Thompson/Stratechery)
Meta announces its next-generation Meta Training and Inference Accelerator chips for AI training, and says MTIA v1 and the new chips are both now in production (Emilia David/The Verge)
Meta's new AI chips runs faster than before
Udio is the latest AI music generator and you can generate 1200 free songs per month
WHY REACT IS OVER REACTIVE ?
Why it's time to rethink your cloud strategy
Speed of AI development is outpacing risk assessment
Mixtral 8x22B: AI startup Mistral releases new open language model
Creating a structured book database based on cover images with GPTs
Texas is replacing thousands of human exam graders with AI
Cloudflare AI Challenge Submission: ImageHarmony
Meta Debuts New AI Chip, Aiming to Decrease Reliance on Nvidia
Meta unveils its newest custom AI chip as it races to catch up
Bill Would Mandate AI Companies Disclose Copyrighted Works Used in Training
Google Photos to Make Many Enhanced AI Editing Tools Free
Mistral AI launches Mixtral 8x22B, its latest sparse mixture-of-experts model, after releasing Mixtral 8x7B in December 2023 (Shubham Sharma/VentureBeat)
Unlocking the Power of Social Media Data to Connect with E-Commerce Customers
AI-generated pornography will disrupt the adult content industry and raise new ethical concerns, researchers say
Dove Says It'll Never Use AI on Women in Its Advertisements
Google's AI photo editing tools are expanding to a lot more phones
AI startup Mistral launches a 281GB AI model to rival OpenAI, Meta, and Google
Handling Big Data with Django and AgGrid
Meta presents the next generation of its AI chip MTIA
AI-powered 'sonar' on smartglasses tracks gaze, facial expressions
A new bill wants to reveal what's really inside AI training data
Adobe Is Buying Videos for $3 Per Minute to Build AI Model
Mistral AI Shakes Up the AI Arena with Its Open-Source Mixtral 8x22B Model
How many prompt-responses examples do I need for finetuning? [P]
Sources: Sam Altman met with investors and officials in the UAE this week to push for more infrastructure investment to support the development of AI technology (Bloomberg)
Deploy MLflow Server on Amazon EC2 Instance
[D] A Practical Guide to RAG Pipeline Evaluation
What is a reasonable salary to ask for if you have a master's in data science/analytics and approx. two years of relevant experience?
[R] A Simple Society of Language Models Solves Complex Reasoning
Meta Advances AI Capabilities with Next-Generation MTIA Chips
Healthcare AI won't take jobs   it'll make nursing easier, says process automation founder
ML Engineering is Not What You Think   ML Jobs Explained
RAG 2.0, Finally Getting RAG Right!
SpeechAlign: Transforming Speech Synthesis with Human Feedback for Enhanced Naturalness and Expressiveness in Technological Interactions
How can humans and machines work in harmony? Through collaboration, says supply chain expert
A Tale of Two Cultures: Integrating Data Science and MLOps to Build Successful ML Products
AI Fairytale generator
Revolutionizing AI: io.net and Aptos Labs Forge a Path for Decentralized Innovation
Preview of Makery.AI, upcoming generative AI platform built only on ethically sourced training data, where creators earn 50% on new images/models they generate and sell
The paradoxical role of 'humanness' in aggression toward conversational agents
Meta's next-gen MTIA chip triples AI performance, reducing reliance on Nvidia
Those  AI Influencers  Are Deepfaking Fake Faces Onto Real Women's Bodies Without Permission
Elon Musk's xAI is luring more investors through special purpose vehicles charging high fees
Visual Studio update brings smoother Copilot integration
Google plans to make Magic Editor and other AI editing tools, previously limited to Pixel phones and paid users, available to all Google Photos users for free (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
For Turing Award winner, everything is computation and some problems are unsolvable
Advancing brain-inspired computing with hybrid neural networks
Researcher: The quantum computer doesn't exist yet, but we are better understanding what problems it can solve
Starting as a Data Scientist
US House mulls forcing AI makers to reveal use of copyrighted training data
Udio | Song generation AI | Look at how closely it follows the text prompt, amazing generation
Ethical questions abound as wartime AI ramps up
What does a PIP look like for data scientists?
Rep. Adam Schiff introduced a bill that would require companies training generative AI models to disclose all of the copyrighted work they used to do so (Sarah Fortinsky/The Hill)
When AI prompts result in copyright violations, who has to pay?
Next-gen Meta AI chip serves up ads while sipping power
A faster, better way to prevent an AI chatbot from giving toxic responses
CPI Report, AI Chip Boom, and Starlink's Business | Bloomberg Technology
Roads of destruction: we found vast numbers of illegal 'ghost roads' used to crack open pristine rainforest
TechCrunch Minute: Google's Gemini Code Assist wants to use AI to help developers
NYSE executive says 'handful' of AI startups are exploring IPOs
Is Udio really the best AI music generator yet? I put it to the test and so can you
Y Combinator's latest cohort had only one LatAm startup in large part because of AI
The Ultimate Roadmap to Becoming Specialised in The Tech Industry
AI chatbots have an insatiable, unsustainable thirst for power
Texas is replacing thousands of human exam scorers with AI
This new eBay AI feature doubles as your personal shopper. Here's how to get started
Am I the only one who is starting to fall out of love with AI due to how much it feels like it is something for grifters and not a genuine science anymore?
Google brings AI-powered editing tools, like Magic Editor, to all Google Photos users for free
How the dung queen of Dublin was swept from history
arange(), linspace(), logspace() and normal() in PyTorch
Feature Engineering with Microsoft Fabric and PySpark
Mistral AI Floats New Mixtral 8x22B Generative AI Model as Free 281GB Download
Microsoft Pitched the US Military on Using Azure OpenAI's DALL-E for Battle
OpenAI's Altman Pitches Global AI Coalition on Trip to Middle East
10 Companies Setting the Stage for the Future of AI
CEOs bet up to $10 million to prove Elon Musk's AI prediction wrong
Intel introduced Gaudi 3, AI open systems strategy & new customer wins
Are LLMs Only Good for Chat-Based Solutions? Exploring Beyond Language Tasks
GPT-5: A Sneak Peek at My Incoming Post
New AI music generator Udio synthesizes realistic music on demand
The State of GenAI Today: The Early Stages of a Revolution: Guidehouse
ZeST: Zero-Shot Material Transfer from a Single Image
Unlock the Power of AIOps
Asus launches AI friendly Vivobook S and Zenbook laptops
[D] What would you recommend testing new general approaches (architectures/optimisers) on?
The  Zero-Shot  Mirage: How Data Scarcity Limits Multimodal AI
Automation Anywhere expands partnership with Google Cloud
Revolutionizing IT Operations Comes with Manageable  Risks
Can we stop AI hallucinations? And do we even want to?
Shout-out to all you super competent Data Scientists out there!
Watch mini humanoid robots showing off their football skills
Scaling AI Models Like You Mean It
Business, Innovation, and Managing Life (April 10, 2024)
Simplicity and Metrics // Sam Bean // MLOps podcast #217 clip
NVIDIA's New Tech: Master of Illusions!
New Transistor Breakthrough Explained: Shrinking beyond 1nm
The  Markov  in Markov Decision Process
NEW Mixtral 8x22B: Largest and Most Powerful Opensource LLM!
Data tells us climate change is HERE: Can AI solve this?
Nvidia and Georgia Tech Unveil AI Supercomputer for Student Use
US Air Force Secretary so confident in AI-controlled F-16s, he'll fly in one
Researchers at Stanford and MIT Introduced the Stream of Search (SoS): A Machine Learning Framework that Enables Language Models to Learn to Solve Problems by Searching in Language without Any External Support
Quoting Will Larson
Notes on how to use LLMs in your product
Shell History Is Your Best Productivity Tool
Starburst Debuts Icehouse, Its Managed Apache Iceberg Service
How Generative AI is Empowering Climate Tech with NVIDIA Earth-2
Building reliable systems out of unreliable agents
[R] Data-Efficient Multimodal Fusion on a Single GPU
[D] SWE bench: Is there any public list of performances on this test?
Prompting Trick That Improves Reasoning And Reduces Errors By 10%
What Will You Choose?
How Neighborly is K-Nearest Neighbors to GIS Pros?
Review: Multi-Instance Generation Controller for Text-to-Image Synthesis
HuggingFace Releases Parler-TTS: An Inference and Training Library for High-Quality, Controllable Text-to-Speech (TTS) Models
Why is it so hard to get neural networks to beat XGBoost on most small-medium tabular datasets?
A US jury finds AWS owes Chicago-based Kove $525M for infringing three of its patents in data-storage technology that had become  essential  to AWS (Blake Brittain/Reuters)
Revolutionizing Video Understanding: Real-Time Captioning for Any Length with Google's Streaming Model
Left and Right Shift: Bitwise Operators in Python
Capitulation | It's come to this
[P] Anterion   Open-source AI software engineer (SWE-agent and OpenDevin)
The Biden administration announces a $110M US-Japan joint AI research initiative funded by Nvidia, Arm, Amazon, Microsoft, and a group of Japanese companies (Bloomberg)
AMD next-gen APUs reportedly sacrifice a larger cache for AI chips
Why Human-Centred Approaches Lead to Better Algorithm Design
Sources: Huawei is building a vast chip equipment R&D center in Shanghai and has already hired numerous engineers who have worked for ASML, TSMC, and others (Cheng Ting-Fang/Nikkei Asia)
How to make the most out of LLM production data: simulated user feedback
[R] An Auto-Regression Model for Object Recognition
Are Doctors Using AI to Hand Out Prescriptions?
Used LLM's large context window to write a 30K word novel which heavily grounds in details
This AI Paper Introduces ReasonEval: A New Machine Learning Method to Evaluate Mathematical Reasoning Beyond Accuracy
An OpenAI investor says TikTok is China's 'programmable fentanyl,' a CCP-controlled tool used to manipulate US citizens
Easy Guide to Becoming a Software Developer in 2024
TAM-VT: Transformation-Aware Multi-scale Video Transformer for Segmentation and Tracking
WordDecipher: Enhancing Digital Workspace Communication with Explainable AI for Non-native English Speakers
FedJudge: Federated Legal Large Language Model
Does Mapo Tofu Contain Coffee? Probing LLMs for Food-related Cultural Knowledge
Researchers at the University of Cambridge Propose AnchorAL: A Unique Machine Learning Method for Active Learning in Unbalanced Classification Tasks
LM Transparency Tool: Interactive Tool for Analyzing Transformer Language Models
RULER: What's the Real Context Size of Your Long-Context Language Models?
Estimation of Optimal Dynamic Treatment Assignment Rules under Policy Constraints
MaskClustering: View Consensus based Mask Graph Clustering for Open-Vocabulary 3D Instance Segmentation
GoEX: Perspectives and Designs Towards a Runtime for Autonomous LLM Applications
Emotion-cause pair extraction method based on multi-granularity information and multi-module interaction
Moirai: Time Series Foundation Models for Universal Forecasting
Towards Foundation Models for Knowledge Graph Reasoning
XNLIeu: a dataset for cross-lingual NLI in Basque
Meta Unveils Details of its Latest AI Chip, MTIA
Two-Phase Multi-Dose-Level PET Image Reconstruction with Dose Level Awareness
Simpler becomes Harder: Do LLMs Exhibit a Coherent Behavior on Simplified Corpora?
Unsupervised Denoising for Signal-Dependent and Row-Correlated Imaging Noise
Saudi Arabia and the UAE, which are vying to become the regional AI superpower, are rushing to build expensive desert data centers to support the technology (Bloomberg)
Quilt-LLaVA: Visual Instruction Tuning by Extracting Localized Narratives from Open-Source Histopathology Videos
Not All Contexts Are Equal: Teaching LLMs Credibility-aware Generation
Onco-Retriever: Generative Classifier for Retrieval of EHR Records in Oncology
In-context Learning Generalizes, But Not Always Robustly: The Case of Syntax
Transferable and Efficient Non-Factual Content Detection via Probe Training with Offline Consistency Checking
A Computational Analysis of the Dehumanisation of Migrants from Syria and Ukraine in Slovene News Media
What is Your Favorite Gender, MLM? Gender Bias Evaluation in Multilingual Masked Language Models
MathVC: An LLM-Simulated Multi-Character Virtual Classroom for Mathematics Education
Hybrid Multi-stage Decoding for Few-shot NER with Entity-aware Contrastive Learning
A Two-Stage Framework with Self-Supervised Distillation For Cross-Domain Text Classification
Event Grounded Criminal Court View Generation withCooperative (Large) Language Models
Leveraging Interesting Facts to Enhance User Engagement with Conversational Interfaces
Phase Guided Light Field for Spatial-Depth High Resolution 3D Imaging
CitDet: A Benchmark Dataset for Citrus Fruit Detection
Dynamic Generation of Personalities with Large Language Models
Israel accused of using AI to target thousands in Gaza, as killer algorithms outpace international law
How I Made AI Agents Engage in a Heated Debate
CulturalTeaming: AI-Assisted Interactive Red-Teaming for Challenging LLMs' (Lack of) Multicultural Knowledge
MetaCheckGPT -- A Multi-task Hallucination Detection Using LLM Uncertainty and Meta-models
Ultra-Range Gesture Recognition using a Web-Camera in Human-Robot Interaction
CQIL: Inference Latency Optimization with Concurrent Computation of Quasi-Independent Layers
Khayyam Challenge (PersianMMLU): Is Your LLM Truly Wise to The Persian Language?
GLiDR: Topologically Regularized Graph Generative Network for Sparse LiDAR Point Clouds
Multi-Level Label Correction by Distilling Proximate Patterns for Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation
Personality-aware Student Simulation for Conversational Intelligent Tutoring Systems
Llama-VITS: Enhancing TTS Synthesis with Semantic Awareness
GraSAME: Injecting Token-Level Structural Information to Pretrained Language Models via Graph-guided Self-Attention Mechanism
Open source AI powered virtual assistant
Charles Translator: A Machine Translation System between Ukrainian and Czech
Control-DAG: Constrained Decoding for Non-Autoregressive Directed Acyclic T5 using Weighted Finite State Automata
Towards Robustness of Text-to-Visualization Translation against Lexical and Phrasal Variability
Improving Language Model Reasoning with Self-motivated Learning
Towards Enhanced Analysis of Lung Cancer Lesions in EBUS-TBNA -- A Semi-Supervised Video Object Detection Method
nnMobileNe: Rethinking CNN for Retinopathy Research
Using a Multimodal Document ML Model to Query Your Documents
VMamba: Visual State Space Model
From Model-centered to Human-Centered: Revision Distance as a Metric for Text Evaluation in LLMs-based Applications
DiffusionDialog: A Diffusion Model for Diverse Dialog Generation with Latent Space
SocialCounterfactuals: Probing and Mitigating Intersectional Social Biases in Vision-Language Models with Counterfactual Examples
[D] What interesting developments in the MLOps space have you been following recently?
'British DARPA' to build AI gatekeepers for 'quantitative safety guarantees'
Accelerating Inference in Large Language Models with a Unified Layer Skipping Strategy
Improving the Generalization of Segmentation Foundation Model under Distribution Shift via Weakly Supervised Adaptation
Race for AI Supremacy in Middle East Is Measured in Data Centers
What's Mine becomes Yours: Defining, Annotating and Detecting Context-Dependent Paraphrases in News Interview Dialogs
Rust in the Cosmos: Decoding Communication Part I (Ep. 254)
I built  a AI Investment Property Bot in 15 Minutes (to automate deals)
Boffins deem Google DeepMind's material discoveries rather shallow
How I Made AI Agents Engage in a Heated Debate [D]
Seeking advice on optimizing response time and handling multiple requests on AWS instance with NVIDIA A10G GPU
Basic MVVM Architecture in JavaScript with knockoutjs
Saudi Arabia and UAE race for regional AI supremacy
Microsoft proposed using DALL-E to US military last year
India is a Sweet Spot for Intel
Can AI Learn from Newborn Babies?
Meta Introduces a Machine Learning (ML)-based Approach that Allows to Solve Networking Problems Holistically Across Cross-Layers such as BWE
NVIDIA Introduces Ruler to Measure the Context Length of Models
Humane AI Pin review: not even close
Exploring the Apache ecosystem for data analysis
Agent Cloud VS OpenAI
Eric Schmidt Warned Against China's AI Industry. Emails Show He Also Sought Connections to It
[D] Hessian of deep learning model and its eigenvector
The Download: AI is making robots more helpful, and the problem with cleaning up pollution
Meta unveils new chip to power its increasing AI workload
5 Free Resources to Master Your Data Science Job Search
Simbian brings AI to existing security tools
15 Short Artificial Intelligence (AI) Courses on DeepLearning.AI
Amazon CEO Jassy Says Generative AI Boom Will Be Built On AWS
Meet Ferret-UI, Apple's AI-Powered Answer to Mobile UI Challenges
Deep learning-powered system maps corals in 3D
Documents: Adobe offers its photographer and artist network $120 for videos of people engaged in everyday actions, or ~$2.62 to ~$7.25 per minute, to train AI (Brody Ford/Bloomberg)
POKELLMON: A Human-Parity Agent for Pokemon Battles with LLMs
Robotics Startup Sanctuary Signs Deal for Factory Tests, Funds
US Senator calls for AI training data disclosure law
Top 10 Common Data Engineers and Scientists Pain Points in 2024
The Morning After: Amazon stops paying bonuses to Alexa developers
Google Demonstrates Method to Scale Language Model to Infinitely Long Inputs
Meta unveils second-gen AI training and inference chip
Humane's AI Pin Wants to Free You From Your Phone
Heard on the Street   4/11/2024
Microsoft-Backed Self-Driving Startup Wayve Expands to Vancouver
IDF colonel discusses 'data science magic powder' for locating terrorists
Presentation: Platform and Features MLEs, a Scalable and Product-Centric Approach for High Performing Data Products
All The Photo Companies That Have Struck Licensing Deals With AI Firms
AI to facilitate meetings
US and Japan announce sweeping AI and tech collaboration
Humane's Ai Pin considers life beyond the smartphone
Meta Unveils Next-gen Custom AI Chip
Is robotics about to have its own ChatGPT moment?
Demand for HDDs by AI companies has pushed prices up 20%, more hikes expected
MPs ask: Why is it so freakin' hard to get AI giants to pay copyright holders?
Amazon, eyeing up AI, adds Andrew Ng to its board; ex-MTV exec McGrath to step down
Ottawa has used AI in nearly 300 projects and initiatives: research
Jay Dawani is Co-founder & CEO of Lemurian Labs   Interview Series
This 'Photo' Was Made From an 84-Year-Old Woman's Memory
Researchers at Apple Propose Ferret-UI: A New Multimodal Large Language Model (MLLM) Tailored for Enhanced Understanding of Mobile UI Screens
Musho
Humane AI Pin review: well-made, photos look good, and easier to access than a phone, but doesn't work half the time, really slow, and missing basic features (David Pierce/The Verge)
How to build: a v0.dev clone (Next.js, GPT4 & CopilotKit)
The Humane AI Pin is the solution to none of technology's problems
Intel Paints Their AI Future with Gaudi 3
DeepLearning Comes Up with New Course on Unstructured Data Handling for LLMs
Edge 386: Inside Yi, 01's Model Leading the Chinese LLM Movement
Scaling individual impact: Insights from an AI engineering leader
How to Use Synthetic and Simulated Data Effectively
JPMorgan Sees Hedge Funds Eyeing Apple as Valuation Moderates
New Law Would Force AI Companies to Reveal Copyrighted Training Data
7 Things Students Are Missing in a Data Science Resume
Ideas: Language technologies for everyone with Kalika Bali
Weather Channel's parent company has a new AI tool to make hyperlocal weather videos
Alphabet Heads Toward $2 Trillion With Investors Cheering AI Progress
How to build: an AI-powered blogging platform (Next.js, Langchain, & Supabase)
European car manufacturer will pilot Sanctuary AI's humanoid robot
Umami: Best free Go-To Google Analytics Alternative
Intel Lunar Lake to offer 45 TOPS of NPU performance, matching Microsoft's  AI PC  threshold
Humane's $699 AI Pin is now available
Unleashing the Power of Generative AI for Tabular &amp; Time Series Data Analysis
Sloan's Inbox: How important is understanding backend as a website designer?
US government urges Sisense customers to reset credentials after hack
Google and MIT launch a free generative AI course for teachers
Auto parts maker Magna will pilot Sanctuary AI's humanoid robot in its factory; Figure and Apptronik are piloting their humanoid systems with BMW and Mercedes (Brian Heater/TechCrunch)
React Crazy: This AI library transformed my app to the next level
AI-Music Platform Race Accelerates with Udio
Google's Gradient backs Patlytics to help companies protect their intellectual property
Google will only train on your Google Docs if it finds them online.
Intel Unveils AI Chips for Enhanced Performance at Vision 2024 Event
In his annual shareholder letter, Andy Jassy says GenAI  may be the largest technology transformation since the cloud  and Amazon is committed to cost-cutting (Wall Street Journal)
Sony debuts new flagship 4K60p Pan-Tilt-Zoom camera with AI auto framing
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/10/2024
Open Source Community's Swift Response Thwarts Massive Linux Backdoor Attack
Google is releasing previously Pixel-exclusive AI tools to all Google Photos users
Tiny AI-trained robots demonstrate remarkable soccer skills
Intel's Gaudi 3: A Promising Contender in the AI Accelerator Arena
Briefing: Google Vids, Threads API, Intercom Copilot
[R] Mamba Enters Remote Sensing! RS-Mamba: The First Application of SSM for Semantic Segmentation and Change Detection in Large Remote Sensing Images
Introducing Rerank 3: A New Foundation Model for Efficient Enterprise Search & Retrieval
UK has real concerns about AI risks, says competition regulator
Humane's AI Pin reviews are decidedly mixed: 'Doesn't work half the time'
Humane's AI  Pin  Is a $700 Flaming Dumpster Fire
Tailored AI counter-evidence can reduce belief in conspiracy theories, study finds
A Coder Perspective: What It's Like to Develop an AI App
Intel Bets On AI Everywhere And Demand For Smaller, Targeted LLMs
UK's CMA raises concerns after finding an  interconnected web  of 90+ AI deals and investments involving Google, Apple, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon, and Nvidia (Bloomberg)
Amazon CEO: generative AI 'may be the largest technology transformation since the cloud'
Data Analytics in the Age of AI
The Reviews for the Humane AI Pin are Excruciating
Apple Plans to Overhaul Entire Mac Line With AI-Focused M4 Chips
AI, LLMs and Security: How to Deal with the New Threats
UK's antitrust enforcer sounds the alarm over Big Tech's grip on GenAI
Expense journal with Cloudflare AI
US, Japan announce joint AI research projects funded by Nvidia, Microsoft, and others
Amazon adds Andrew Ng to its board to boost its AI expertise, after longtime TV executive Judith McGrath stepped down; Ng has worked for Baidu and Google Brain (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Are LLMs good at NL-to-Code & NL-to-SQL tasks? [Discussion]
Top 5 AI Trends to Watch in 2024
In Defense of LLMs in Data Science: What ChatGPT Can and Can't Do for Your Data Science Career
Will large language models kill Medium's business model?
Early Reviews of Humane AI Pin Aren't Impressed
A Step-by-Step Guide to Connecting Excel to a PostgreSQL Database
Tool Calling with LangChain
AI Cybersecurity Startup Raises $300M to Secure Enterprise Data
Microsoft Build 2024 Sessions Listed: Copilots, Copilots & More Copilots
Humane Starts Shipping $700 Generative AI Pin
How to Train a Decision Tree Classifier. In SQL
As Search Engines Become AI Chatbots, What Can Publishers Do?
Engineers quicken the response time for robots to react to human conversation
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #19
Ray Kurzweil & Geoff Hinton Debate on the Future of AI
AI companies are hiring gig workers to write essays that can train AI
South Korea Commits $6.8B to Boost AI Chip Development, Production
New AI method captures uncertainty in medical images
Data Insights are Illuminating the Future of the Power Sector
Vestager Sees Quick Outcome as EU Eyes Microsoft's OpenAI Tie-Up
Dell shaves months off lead times for GPU-powered AI servers
US and Japan commit $110M to AI research, helped by Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, Arm, and SoftBank
Sources: Apple nears production of M4 chips with AI upgrades and memory improvements, coming to new MacBook Pros, Mac minis, and iMacs starting in late 2024 (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
AI is coming for Wall Street: Banks are reportedly weighing cutting analyst hiring by two-thirds
New open-source generative machine learning model simulates future energy-climate impacts
[D] In the paper  More Agents Is All You Need , why did they use BLEU score to calculate similarity for ensemble voting instead of something like cosine similarity? Has there been any follow-up research comparing methods?
KodiBot - Local Chatbot App for Desktop
Big Tech's 'Interconnected Web' of AI Investments Concerns UK's CMA
The Secret Superstar of LLMs
3Blue1Brown: Attention in transformers, visually explained
Embedded World 2024: AI Remains A Major Theme
The federal government's proposed AI legislation misses the mark on protecting Canadians
Oracle AI Tool Strengthens Financial Crime Prevention in Banks
RAG Pipeline Evaluation, Integrating Data Science and MLOps, Boosting Gen AI with Data Engineering.
No One Actually Knows How AI Will Affect Jobs
Amazon CEO says AI may be the biggest tech transformation 'since the internet' in his annual letter
Global Online hackathon on Prompt Hacking!
UC Berkeley Researchers Introduce ThoughtSculpt: Enhancing Large Language Model Reasoning with Innovative Monte Carlo Tree Search and Revision Techniques
Elon Musk's xAI Seeks Up to $4 Billion to Compete With OpenAI
Setup and Use Pyenv in Python Applications
Dyson's AR app shows you where you've vacuumed
Running out of RAM when I shouldn't be!
Engineers recreate Star Trek's Holodeck using ChatGPT and video game assets
Meta releases OpenEQA, a benchmark to measure an AI agent's understanding of physical spaces by probing it with questions about the environment (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
ChatGPT-3.5, Claude 3 kick pixelated butt in Street Fighter III tournament for LLMs
My area doesn't let me talk with stakeholders or work on deliverables and I'm worried this is going to hurt my career
Collibra Launches AI Governance at Data Citizens Conference
Characterization of Large Language Model Development in the Datacenter
DeepMind's AI-powered soccer bots run circles around their manually programmed rivals
The Reversal Curse: LLMs trained on A is B fail to learn B is A
This AI Paper from MIT Offers a Guide for Fine-Tuning Specific Material Properties Using Machine Learning
Meet Keywords AI: A Unified DevOps Platform to Build AI Applications
The Weather Channel's new AI tool will help generate forecasts for your local news
SonicVisionLM: Playing Sound with Vision Language Models
AI enthusiasm - episode #2
Snowflake Brings SQL Copilot in Public Preview: A Generative AI-Powered SQL Assistant
US lawmaker proposes a public database of all AI training material
How to Create and Use Requirements.txt in Python
AIJack: Let's Hijack AI! Security and Privacy Risk Simulator for Machine Learning
[R] Infinite context Transformers
Humane Ai Pin reviews: 5 takeaways on a promising but dangerously flawed wearable
Researchers at Apple Propose MobileCLIP: A New Family of Image-Text Models Optimized for Runtime Performance through Multi-Modal Reinforced Training
Neurapix's AI-Powered SmartPresets Now Work for Black and White Editing
AI and the Problem of Knowledge Collapse
Intel's  Gaudi 3  AI accelerator chip may give Nvidia's H100 a run for its money
This Startup Is Trying to Test How Well AI Models Actually Work
A crossroads for computing at MIT
Impossible Distillation: from Low-Quality Model to High-Quality Dataset & Model for Summarization and Paraphrasing
Supervise the Process of AI Research   with Jungwon Byun and Andreas Stuhlmller of Elicit
Ibis/dbplyr equivalent now on julia as TidierDB.jl
OpenAI and Meta Reportedly Preparing New AI Models Capable of Reasoning
Setup and use Virtualenv in Python Applications
Source: OpenAI has fired two researchers on its AI safety team for allegedly leaking information, including Leopold Aschenbrenner, an ally of Ilya Sutskever (The Information)
OpenAI and Microsoft are reportedly planning a $100B supercomputer
10 Best AI Tools for Google Sheets (April 2024)
Find the best AI-powered app to transcribe your audio
ChatGPT AI chat model with Llama2, Workers AI Model, Hono.js and Wranger.
The US Had a Chance to Lead in Chipmaking Tech, and Missed It
Gemini-1.5-pro Function Calling with Java, Spring and HTTP
A Reimagined 'Willy's Chocolate Experience' Is Coming to America
Unit Testing LLMs with DeepEval
Google Alums Go Big in Japan With Months-Old Startup Sakana AI
Sources: TikTok is testing an AI feature that generates a virtual influencer and a script for a video ad based on prompts submitted by advertisers (The Information)
Setup and use Python Venv in Python Applications
Agile development can unlock the power of generative AI - here's how
New computer vision tool can count damaged buildings in crisis zones and accurately estimate bird flock sizes
Improving the Accuracy-Robustness Trade-Off of Classifiers via Adaptive Smoothing
Cathie Wood's Ark Investment Management Announces OpenAI Stake
Why is this book taking so long to release -  The Singularity Is Nearer: When We Merge with AI  by ray Kurzweil Release Date - 25 June 2024
ShapeFusion: A 3D diffusion model for localized shape editing
Large Language Models for Mathematicians
Will AI be listening in on your future job interview? On law, technology and privacy
OpenAI CEO wants UAE Dubai into his plan for a global AI cabal
Decoding Long-CLIP: Understand the Power of Zero-Shot Classification
GPT teaches me how to make my logic sync and async at the same time with trampolines
Dune, the Broadway Musical and 8 Other Brain-Dead Songs From Udio's AI Music Generator
AI Safety and Reliability // Petar Tsankov // MLOps podcast #218 clip
The 5 Important AI Models Released This Week
Udio, the Mysterious GPT Update, and Infinite Attention
[R] ReFT: Representation Finetuning for Language Models
What realistically will be automated in the next 5 years for data scientists / ML engineers? Plus would love some career advice
Meta AI Presents MA-LMM: Memory-Augmented Large Multimodal Model for Long-Term Video Understanding
LeoLabs zeroes in on anomalies in satellite operations
Bharti Hexacom Set to Debut After India's Biggest IPO in a Year
Apple said to be prepping several M4 Macs for late 2024 and early 2025 focusing on AI
Elevate Your Conversations: The Role of Walles.Ai's Chat Bot in Streamlining Ask Ai Experiences
OpenAI makes ChatGPT 'more direct, less verbose'
[R] The attention mechanism of Transformers resembles a modern iteration of associative memory models from neuroscience. I show auto- & hetero-associative mixtures can perform a range of tasks + suggest new neuro-inspired Transformer interp approache
Recipe Generator
python matplotlib.pyplot
Anrok, which provides sales tax management tools to software companies, raised a $30M Series B led by Khosla Ventures at a $250M valuation (Kenrick Cai/Forbes)
MoMA: An Open-Vocabulary and Training Free Personalized Image Model that Boasts Flexible Zero-Shot Capabilities
PYTHON LOGICAL OPERATORS
[News] NeurIPS 2024 Adds a New Paper Track for High School Students
Am I glorifying ML research roles?
A Bio-Medical Snake Optimizer System Driven by Logarithmic Surviving Global Search for Optimizing Feature Selection and its application for Disorder Recognition
NeuroNCAP: Photorealistic Closed-loop Safety Testing for Autonomous Driving
ViM-UNet: Vision Mamba for Biomedical Segmentation
AUG: A New Dataset and An Efficient Model for Aerial Image Urban Scene Graph Generation
Supervised Fine-tuning in turn Improves Visual Foundation Models
QuasiSim: Parameterized Quasi-Physical Simulators for Dexterous Manipulations Transfer
Event-Enhanced Snapshot Compressive Videography at 10K FPS
Hierarchical Augmentation and Distillation for Class Incremental Audio-Visual Video Recognition
Boosting Self-Supervision for Single-View Scene Completion via Knowledge Distillation
GoMVS: Geometrically Consistent Cost Aggregation for Multi-View Stereo
View Selection for 3D Captioning via Diffusion Ranking
Diffusion Probabilistic Multi-cue Level Set for Reducing Edge Uncertainty in Pancreas Segmentation
Self-supervised Dataset Distillation: A Good Compression Is All You Need
IIDM: Inter and Intra-domain Mixing for Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
GoMAvatar: Efficient Animatable Human Modeling from Monocular Video Using Gaussians-on-Mesh
Context-aware Video Anomaly Detection in Long-Term Datasets
OpenBias: Open-set Bias Detection in Text-to-Image Generative Models
Shape Completion in the Dark: Completing Vertebrae Morphology from 3D Ultrasound
RMAFF-PSN: A Residual Multi-Scale Attention Feature Fusion Photometric Stereo Network
MV-Adapter: Multimodal Video Transfer Learning for Video Text Retrieval
Analyzing the Internals of Neural Radiance Fields
FusionMamba: Efficient Image Fusion with State Space Model
Fuss-Free Network: A Simplified and Efficient Neural Network for Crowd Counting
Ferret-v2: An Improved Baseline for Referring and Grounding with Large Language Models
TBSN: Transformer-Based Blind-Spot Network for Self-Supervised Image Denoising
Voice-Assisted Real-Time Traffic Sign Recognition System Using Convolutional Neural Network
Joint Conditional Diffusion Model for Image Restoration with Mixed Degradations
Exploiting Object-based and Segmentation-based Semantic Features for Deep Learning-based Indoor Scene Classification
An Autonomous Vision-Based Algorithm for Interplanetary Navigation
FloCoDe: Unbiased Dynamic Scene Graph Generation with Temporal Consistency and Correlation Debiasing
VIFNet: An End-to-end Visible-Infrared Fusion Network for Image Dehazing
ConsistencyDet: Robust Object Detector with Denoising Paradigm of Consistency Model
Mask4Former: Mask Transformer for 4D Panoptic Segmentation
Exploring Effective Priors and Efficient Models for Weakly-Supervised Change Detection
MindBridge: A Cross-Subject Brain Decoding Framework
WaveMo: Learning Wavefront Modulations to See Through Scattering
Is Medieval Distant Viewing Possible? : Extending and Enriching Annotation of Legacy Image Collections using Visual Analytics
EgoGen: An Egocentric Synthetic Data Generator
Attention-Aware Laparoscopic Image Desmoking Network with Lightness Embedding and Hybrid Guided Embedding
OpenTrench3D: A Photogrammetric 3D Point Cloud Dataset for Semantic Segmentation of Underground Utilities
Exploring Efficient Asymmetric Blind-Spots for Self-Supervised Denoising in Real-World Scenarios
Learning Object Permanence from Videos via Latent Imaginations
Parameter Hierarchical Optimization for Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification
Low-Resource Vision Challenges for Foundation Models
The Power of Properties: Uncovering the Influential Factors in Emotion Classification
Gaga: Group Any Gaussians via 3D-aware Memory Bank
Learning to Classify New Foods Incrementally Via Compressed Exemplars
Taming Stable Diffusion for Text to 360{\\deg} Panorama Image Generation
Deep Learning for Event-based Vision: A Comprehensive Survey and Benchmarks
Connecting NeRFs, Images, and Text
Researchers say they haven't found  strikingly novel compounds  after analyzing a subset of the 2.2M new crystals DeepMind claimed its AI tool GNoMe discovered (Jason Koebler/404 Media)
VST++: Efficient and Stronger Visual Saliency Transformer
Resolve Domain Conflicts for Generalizable Remote Physiological Measurement
DGMamba: Domain Generalization via Generalized State Space Model
PRAM: Place Recognition Anywhere Model for Efficient Visual Localization
Sparse Laneformer
Hybrid Training of Denoising Networks to Improve the Texture Acutance of Digital Cameras
Heron-Bench: A Benchmark for Evaluating Vision Language Models in Japanese
Chaos in Motion: Unveiling Robustness in Remote Heart Rate Measurement through Brain-Inspired Skin Tracking
COTR: Compact Occupancy TRansformer for Vision-based 3D Occupancy Prediction
Finding Regions of Interest in Whole Slide Images Using Multiple Instance Learning
RePoseDM: Recurrent Pose Alignment and Gradient Guidance for Pose Guided Image Synthesis
MultiLS-SP/CA: Lexical Complexity Prediction and Lexical Simplification Resources for Catalan and Spanish
Best Practices and Lessons Learned on Synthetic Data for Language Models
High-Dimension Human Value Representation in Large Language Models
We're Calling an Intervention: Taking a Closer Look at Language Model Adaptation to Different Types of Linguistic Variation
Diverting more backdoor disasters
Supervised Knowledge Makes Large Language Models Better In-context Learners
OSWorld: Benchmarking Multimodal Agents for Open-Ended Tasks in Real Computer Environments
The Impact of Depth on Compositional Generalization in Transformer Language Models
Extended Reality for Mental Health Evaluation -A Scoping Review
Rho-1: Not All Tokens Are What You Need
ODA: Observation-Driven Agent for integrating LLMs and Knowledge Graphs
UltraEval: A Lightweight Platform for Flexible and Comprehensive Evaluation for LLMs
Simple Linguistic Inferences of Large Language Models (LLMs): Blind Spots and Blinds
NoticIA: A Clickbait Article Summarization Dataset in Spanish
CrisisTransformers: Pre-trained language models and sentence encoders for crisis-related social media texts
AfriMTE and AfriCOMET: Enhancing COMET to Embrace Under-resourced African Languages
Facilitating Self-Guided Mental Health Interventions Through Human-Language Model Interaction: A Case Study of Cognitive Restructuring
Why do small language models underperform? Studying Language Model Saturation via the Softmax Bottleneck
HGRN2: Gated Linear RNNs with State Expansion
LLMs in Biomedicine: A study on clinical Named Entity Recognition
Samba: Semantic Segmentation of Remotely Sensed Images with State Space Model
Exploring Masked Autoencoders for Sensor-Agnostic Image Retrieval in Remote Sensing
Comments as Natural Logic Pivots: Improve Code Generation via Comment Perspective
Audio Dialogues: Dialogues dataset for audio and music understanding
Structure-aware Fine-tuning for Code Pre-trained Models
DesignQA: A Multimodal Benchmark for Evaluating Large Language Models' Understanding of Engineering Documentation
Question Generation in Knowledge-Driven Dialog: Explainability and Evaluation
Scalable Language Model with Generalized Continual Learning
Blended RAG: Improving RAG (Retriever-Augmented Generation) Accuracy with Semantic Search and Hybrid Query-Based Retrievers
Towards Reliable Medical Image Segmentation by utilizing Evidential Calibrated Uncertainty
Sandwich attack: Multi-language Mixture Adaptive Attack on LLMs
Goal-guided Generative Prompt Injection Attack on Large Language Models
Confidently Nonsensical?'': A Critical Survey on the Perspectives and Challenges of 'Hallucinations' in NLP
Enhancing Hierarchical Transformers for Whole Brain Segmentation with Intracranial Measurements Integration
AmpleGCG: Learning a Universal and Transferable Generative Model of Adversarial Suffixes for Jailbreaking Both Open and Closed LLMs
From Words to Numbers: Your Large Language Model Is Secretly A Capable Regressor When Given In-Context Examples
Personality-affected Emotion Generation in Dialog Systems
Guiding Large Language Models to Post-Edit Machine Translation with Error Annotations
JetMoE: Reaching Llama2 Performance with 0.1M Dollars
rollama: An R package for using generative large language models through Ollama
One-Prompt to Segment All Medical Images
Enhancing Readability of Python Code via Annotations
Automatic Generation and Evaluation of Reading Comprehension Test Items with Large Language Models
Leveraging Data Augmentation for Process Information Extraction
Analyzing Toxicity in Deep Conversations: A Reddit Case Study
Behavior Trees Enable Structured Programming of Language Model Agents
Decomposing Label Space, Format and Discrimination: Rethinking How LLMs Respond and Solve Tasks via In-Context Learning
Using Letter Positional Probabilities to Assess Word Complexity
Manipulating Large Language Models to Increase Product Visibility
When Two AI Agents Communicate, Beckn Can be the Contracting Infrastructure
Deep Dive into Transformers by Hand
This AI Paper from China Introduces Reflection on search Trees (RoT): An LLM Reflection Framework Designed to Improve the Performance of Tree-Search-based Prompting Methods
The Dawn of Efficient AI: Zephyr 141B-A35B's Innovative Leap
Chinese AI Mogul's Wife Admits to $21 Million of Secret Trades
Write-Audit-Publish for Data Lakes in Pure Python (no JVM)
Chipmaking Push Makes US Attractive AI Hub, Celesta Capital Says
British watchdog has 'real concerns' about the staggering love-in between cloud giants and AI upstarts
WhatsApp trials Meta AI chatbot in India, more markets
Introducing EventSail: A Python Library for Event-driven Programming
Cohere Releases Rerank 3, Integrates Enterprise Search and RAG Capabilities
OpenAI releases improved GPT-4 model for ChatGPT and via API
The reviews for the Humane AI Pin are in   and not very positive
How long until structured data isn't required for training and fine-tuning?
Not All Tokens Are What You Need, Say Microsoft Researchers
Building Open Source LLMs is Not for Everyone
Build Your Movie Recommendation System Using Amazon Personalize, MongoDB Atlas, and AWS Glue
Unlocking Growth: A Small Business Guide to Mastering Data Analytics
Study takes issue with DeepMind AI's material discovery claims
AI PCs Are Going Mainstream Says AMD's Jason Banta
Integrating Strapi with ChatGPT and Next.js
Nvidia is in a bubble, stocks will disappoint for a decade, and a recession will strike this year, markets guru warns
[D] Dabbling in hand-written text recognition problem using self-supervised learning
How to Use AI for Code Documentation - A DocuWriter Tutorial
A Bunch of 20-year-old Programmers are Driving India's Open Source AI
Samba-CoE v0.3: Redefining AI Efficiency with Advanced Routing Capabilities
Updated GPT-4 is ahead of Claude 3 Opus in the Chatbot Arena benchmark
Self-Driving AI Traffic Tech Secures Florida Approval, Earns U.S. Patent
Patchscopes Could be an Answer to Understanding LLM Hallucinations
[Research] MMStar: Are We on the Right Way for Evaluating Large Vision-Language Models?
Report finds Gen X workers in Ireland to most benefit from AI
Humane's head engineer defends its Ai Pin against scathing reviews, but admits it's 'frustrating sometimes'
The Power of Data Visualization: Techniques and Best Practices
Avoid these 7 Common Business-related Mistakes On Data Projects
TCS Profit Rises on Contract Wins for Cloud, IT Projects
Enterprise of the Future: Disruptive Technology = Infinite Possibilities
Deep Learning Architectures From CNN, RNN, GAN, and Transformers To Encoder-Decoder Architectures
NinjaBootstrap UI - A Pragmatic Approach To Bootstrap Reusable HTML Components
You can now place DoorDash and Uber Eats orders through a call with an AI voice bot
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/11/2024
Little addition
Build Your Slot Machine Game with Simple HTML Code!
Suno AI can generate power ballads about coffee   and jingles for the Guardian. But will it hurt musicians?
Meta releases OpenEQA to test how AI understands the world, for home robots and smart glasses
Top 10 free AI courses you need to know about
TCL's first original movie is an absurd-looking, AI-generated love story
Cohere AI Unveils Rerank 3: A Cutting-Edge Foundation Model Designed to Optimize Enterprise Search and RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) Systems
OpenAI Fires Researchers for Leaking Information
NaMo App Introduces AI Chatbot NaMo AI, Offers Quick Answers to Government Schemes
A profile of Mistral AI CEO Arthur Mensch, who says, as an atheist, he is uncomfortable with Silicon Valley's  AGI rhetoric  and  religious  fascination with AI (New York Times)
Content strategy: 10 ways to use ChatGPT with headless CMS
Adobe used images created by tools like Midjourney and uploaded to its stock marketplace by users, to train Firefly; Adobe says ~5% of images were AI-generated (Bloomberg)
How video game development is fueling the rise of AI
Quoting David Pierce
Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) in Python
Revolutionizing AI with Apple's ReALM: The Future of Intelligent Assistants
At Google's Cloud Conference, Lofty AI Visions Meet Customer Reality
Generative AI can boost customer experiences and sales figures
Tech Leaders Once Cried for AI Regulation. Now the Message Is 'Slow Down'
That lipstick review could have been written by AI
Dopple.ai Overtakes Mainstream Competitors With Unfiltered, Unbiased AI Chatbots
The good, the bad, and the Humane Pin
Data Centres' Lean Towards Nuclear-Powered Future to Combat Energy Needs
AI will spark massive disruptions to labor markets and there's no social safety net that can contain the fallout, University of Chicago professor says
Integrating AI to Make Platform Engineering Intelligent
Adobe trained its AI image generator on Midjourney images, but it's complicated
AI Series Part V: Creating a RAG chatbot with LangChain (NextJS+Python)
How to identify clear straight lines using computer vision?
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 01/04 to 07/04
7 Things That Can Go Wrong With Generative AI
Adobe's 'Ethical' Firefly AI Was Trained on Midjourney Images
An Introduction to LLM Agents
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of April 12th
Ibuprofeno.py | #79: Explica este cdigo Python
Top Statistics Books to Read in 2024
Comparing AWS and Azure Pricing: A Detailed Analysis of Cloud Service Costs
FiftyOne Computer Vision Tips and Tricks - April 12, 2024
AI-Powered Gaming Experiences: Infusing High-Quality Experiences with Personality and Creativity
AI Chip Trims Energy Budget Back by 99+ Percent
7 Steps to Mastering Data Engineering
3 Reasons Tech Execs Are Slowing Down GenAI Projects
Apple Signal of AI Intent Unleashes $112 Billion Stock Surge
Photographer Spends 10 Years Capturing the Brutal Sport of Muay Thai
Silicon Valley still has no idea what might kill the smartphone
This Christmas, Stare Into the Wide, Wide Eyes of Hallmark's New Sci-Fi Ornaments
How we built JSR
You can make songs in seconds with Suno AI. We test if they're actually good   video
OpenAI gives premium ChatGPT users access to an updated GPT-4 Turbo, promising  more direct, less verbose  responses that  use more conversational language  (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Universal-1 Model Launch
New EC2 Instance Type - Designed For AI / ML Workloads
Inside Andy Jassy's plan for Amazon in the generative AI era
Sources: Sam Altman and other OpenAI executives pitched ChatGPT Enterprise to hundreds of Fortune 500 companies this month, including some Microsoft customers (Reuters)
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 01/04 to 07/04
Pro Weekly: Back-to-Back Funding in Generative AI
South Korea will host the second global AI safety summit on May 21-22, six months after the UK held the inaugural event at Bletchley Park (Martin Coulter/Reuters)
US Politician proposes database of AI training material...
Unraveling the Mysteries of Deepfakes: A Journey Through Innovation and Iteration
[D] Publication rat race for PhD in ML
How Do Machines 'Grok' Data?
How LLMs Can Boost Legal Productivity (with Accuracy and Privacy)
#AAAI2024 workshops round-up 4: eXplainable AI approaches for deep reinforcement learning, and responsible language models
Voxel51 Filtered Views Newsletter - April 12, 2024
Groq   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
8 great alternatives to ChatGPT for workers
Gaza war: Israel using  AI to identify human targets raising fears that innocents are being caught in the net
Eventbrite's Data Privacy Manager, Aditi Sharma on 'Encrypt Data, not Empathy'
OpenAI fires two AI safety researchers for alleged leaks
AI Products Still Rely on Humans to Fill the Performance Gaps
Head of AI and Automation at Ericsson discusses how quickly they have implemented over 300 AI projects
Chipmakers Putting a Laser Focus on Edge AI
There is a fundamental change coming...
Exploratory Data Analysis: Lost Property Items on the Transport of London
Despite DALL-E military pitch, OpenAI maintains its tools won't be used to develop weapons
This and That About HTML
new
AI Safety Summit round two draws government, industry leaders to Seoul next month
[D] Retrieval-Augmented Language Modeling (REALM)
Explainer: What Is a Convolutional Neural Network?
Ideogram's AI image generator updated with improved text rendering, photorealism and more
How to classify landmarks using Tensorflow , Tensor-Hub and Python ?
OpenAI gives ChatGPT subscribers a smarter, more conversational GPT-4 Turbo
2024 State of Photography: Increased Use of AI and Mirrorless Cameras
[R] Would you go to the ICLR workshops day?
Chinese-owned Dutch Chipmaker Nexperia Hit With Cyberattack
Meta is testing an AI-powered search bar in Instagram to let users chat with Meta AI and discover content (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
Web Extract Worker, a service with text-to-image worker AI models!
Using Python to Explore and Understand Equations in Petrophysics
MIT Researchers Develop Curiosity-Driven AI Model to Improve Chatbot Safety Testing
Forget Elon Musk, AI Crypto is the REAL Money Maker
Apple fans are eager for any sign at all of its AI intentions after a rough year
Prompt Engineering for Coding Tasks
Seven Requisite Skills for Navigating from Data Science to Applications
Large language models generate biased content, warn researchers
Nvidia advises crash-prone gamers to look to Intel for assistance
Adobe will fork over cash for clips to train text-to-video AI
Meta is testing an AI-powered search bar in Instagram
Quantifying the Complexity and Learnability of Strategic Classification Problems
Next.js Shopify eCommerce Starter with Perfect Web Vitals
[Exclusive] Databricks Roundtable // Introducing DBRX: The Future of Language Models
The Explainability Benefits of Open Source LLMs
DeepMind's New AI Saw 15,000,000,000 Chess Boards!
Building Trust with Explainable Models
My attempt at making an explanation for One Euro Filter
Quick dip: Use Google Cloud Vertex AI SDK with the Vercel AI SDK
A  ChatGPT Moment  For Everything
AI Enchantment with Python
Private AI Document Redaction API available on Eden AI
Jina AI Text Embeddings solution on Eden AI
What's New for Python, Java in Visual Studio Code
Big Tech's Call for Light Touch on AI Falls Flat With Enforcers
[R] From Words to Numbers: Your Large Language Model Is Secretly A Capable Regressor When Given In-Context Examples
Determine Which Version of Microsoft Copilot Is Right for You
20 Essential Entity Framework Core Tips: Optimize Performance, Streamline Queries, and Enhance Data Handling
Macs to Get AI-Focused M4 Chips Starting in Late 2024
Tesla slashes price for monthly Full Self-Driving subscription
Fun, Beautiful, Printable 'Story Cards' for Kids with Cloudflare AI
Microsoft and CMU Researchers Propose a Machine Learning Method to Train an AAC (Automated Audio Captioning) System Using Only Text
Best Document Processing APIs  in 2024
Tesla drops the price of its Full Self-Driving software subscription, which the company now calls FSD (Supervised), from $199 per month to $99 per month (Rebecca Bellan/TechCrunch)
Can Microsoft Copilot Write Simple SQL Commands for You?
Sam Altman interview 4 years ago explaining how OpenAI will make money
Eclipse map
Words are flowing out like endless rain: Recapping a busy week of LLM news
Ola Krutrim Makes History with In-House Cloud Infrastructure, Skips AWS and Azure
This PS2 Filter Don't Work! #ps2filter #playstation2  #aigenerated
Game of Thrones, but for AI Chips
aiXcoder 7B: Powerful Coding LLM for Developers - Writes Code For You!
Learning GameDev with Raylib in C: 2D Racing Game - Part 1
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (April 12, 2024)
Incredible New AI Tools You Can Use Right Now
API startup Noname Security nears $500M deal to sell itself to Akamai
Tesla halves the price of its Full Self Driving (Supervised) subscription to $99 per month
Gave Minecraft AI agents individual roles to generatively build structures and farm.
Building a Personal Coding Assistant in Just 6 Lines of Code on Paperspace
LLM2Vec: A Simple AI Approach to Transform Any Decoder-Only LLM into a Text Encoder Achieving SOTA Performance on MTEB in the Unsupervised and Supervised Category
How to detect blur objects in a frame using computer vision? (assume no control over camera / shutter)
Omnilingual AI
A case study of the creation of an AI-powered local  news  website, directed to produce partisan stories on a US Senate race; a Fiverr developer made it for $80 (Jack Brewster/Wall Street Journal)
Meta is stuffing its AI chatbot into your Instagram DMs
Quick tip: Using R with SingleStore Notebooks
Intel preps export-friendly lower-power Gaudi 3 AI chips made for China
Best free sources on machine learning?
Advancements in Multilingual Large Language Models: Innovations, Challenges, and Impact on Global Communication and Computational Linguistics
ChatCrafters - Chat with AI powered personas
Coloring Canvass Generator!
How to Regularize Your Regression
Better Threat Detection with CloudWatch Logs and Generative AI
This AI Paper from China Introduces MiniCPM: Introducing Innovative Small Language Models Through Scalable Training Approaches
Generative AI News Rundown - Google Talks Agents, Mistral Surprises, Elon Musk Raising Billions and Much More
I want my default mode network back.
[D] Techniques for handling input documents with a large number of tokens in BERT/GPT2 style models?
After Sam Altman and others called for AI regulation, some executives including Box CEO Aaron Levie say the US should not rush like the EU did (Steven Levy/Wired)
Galaxy AI features are coming to last-gen Samsung phones   including the S21 series
Multimodal Large Language Models & Apple's MM1
Meet Anterion: An Open-Source AI Software Engineer (SWE-Agent and OpenDevin)
Source: Akamai is in advanced talks to buy Noname Security, which finds and fixes API vulnerabilities, for $500M; the startup was valued at $1B in December 2021 (Marina Temkin/TechCrunch)
[D] Multiple first-author papers in top ML conferences, but still struggling to get into a PhD program. What am I missing?
How I Self-Study Data Science
RAG with Embeddings in .NET: Enhancing Semantic Search
Sources: Salesforce is in advanced talks to acquire cloud data management company Informatica, whose market cap crossed $11B after its shares jumped 43% in 2024 (Wall Street Journal)
Elon Musk's xAI Unveils Grok-1.5 Vision, Beats OpenAI's GPT-4V
XGBoost Please help
AI-Driven Crypto Trading Methods
SAG-AFTRA reaches a tentative deal with major record labels, including WMG and Sony Music Entertainment, that includes protections over the use of AI (Reuters)
The Rise of AI for Good
Eagle (RWKV-5) and Finch (RWKV-6): Marking Substantial Progress in Recurrent Neural Networks-Based Language Models by Integrating Multiheaded Matrix-Valued States and Dynamic Data-Driven Recurrence Mechanisms
Fulfillment Centers for Drop Shipping
This AI Paper from Meta and MBZUAI Introduces a Principled AI Framework to Examine Highly Accurate Scaling Laws Concerning Model Size Versus Its Knowledge Storage Capacity
Huawei unveils the new MateBook X Pro, its first AI PC, running on HarmonyOS and powered by Intel Core Ultra 9, available in China from April 18 for up to ~$2K (Nikkei Asia)
Google researchers detail a technique that gives LLMs the ability to work with text of infinite length while keeping memory and compute requirements constant (Ben Dickson/VentureBeat)
Linux of AI : Why Open Interpreter poised to completely disrupt how we interact with Technology?
TCS Records $900 Million AI and GenAI Pipeline This Quarter
AI collaborative storytelling + Image generator + Translate (English-Spanish)
HTML basics for absolute beginners
Father of Computational Theory Wins 2023 Turing Award
[D]Enhancing Weather Forecast Accuracy: Exploring Regression Models with Multi-source Data Integration
Generative AI could be bigger than the internet, says Amazon CEO
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/12/2024
Predicting successful pharma drug launch
Google AI Introduces Patchscopes: A Machine Learning Approach that Trains LLMs to Provide Natural Language Explanations of Their Hidden Representations
Meta tests new generative AI features on Instagram
Advancing AI's Causal Reasoning: Hong Kong Polytechnic University and Chongqing University Researchers Develop CausalBench for LLM Evaluation
I asked chat GPT to write a Song about my Landy known as Lilabet. Then I got Suno AI to sing it in the 1960s Soul style.
Anthropic CEO believes leading AI models will soon cost up to ten billion dollars
[D] Folks here have no idea how competitive top PhD program admissions are these days, wow...
ACL 2024 Meta Reviews [Discussion]
AWS vs. Azure: Comparison of Two Cloud Platform Giants
A hook solution to spy the Odoo web page
I tried Spotify's AI feature to make playlists with text and emoji prompts. It's impressive but I'll still make my own.
Supercharge Your Workflow with These Top Tools
75% of enterprise coders will use AI helpers by 2028. We didn't say productively
Accelerating Engineering and Scientific Discoveries: NVIDIA and Caltech's Neural Operators Transform Simulations
Twitch has become a major Spanish-language platform, with streamers like TheGrefg and Ibai Llanos hosting live sporting events that attract massive audiences (Sherwood News)
Completely free unlimited open source Al agents, run it yourself on website
Hackers Voice Cloned the CEO of LastPass for Attack
Video Highlights: Deep Reinforcement Learning for Maximizing Profits   with Prof. Barrett Thomas
Congressman Getting Master's Degree in Machine Learning So He Can Make Well-Informed Laws About AI
CREATE A QR GENERATOR WITH JAVASCRIPT
This Study by UC Berkeley and Tel Aviv University Enhances Task Adaptability in Computer Vision Models Using Internal Network Task Vectors
Our Need for Human Stories: Street Photography, Privacy, and AI
Dev News: AI Coding Agent, Nue Glows, and New Android Beta
[R] New Python packages to optimise LLMs
I just watched a robot that protects your privacy and I'm mesmerized
Clear guidelines needed for synthetic data to ensure transparency, accountability and fairness, study says
Running Plan Generator
The latest version of xAI's Grok can process images
Israel's use of AI to find targets in Gaza offers a terrifying glimpse at where warfare could be headed
What field/skill in data science do you think cannot be replaced by AI?
Are There  Queries over Trillion-Row Tables in Seconds ? Is  N-Times Faster Than ORACLE  an Exaggeration?
8-Bit LLM Quantization with Lightning Fabric
Google DeepMind wants to make AI a part of soccer
A Developer's Guide to Getting Started with LlamaIndex
A Guide to Integrating LLM Agent into POS Systems
The US is betting big on AI chips, but there's a giant flaw in the plan
'Smell is really important for social communication': how technology is ruining our senses
7 Easy Tricks to Take Your ChatGPT Prompts to the Next Level
Everything You Should Know Before You Buy the Humane AI Pin
[ML News] Jamba, CMD-R+, and other new models (yes, I know this is like a week behind  )
From financial analyst to director of analytics - Christopher Fricker - The Data Scientist Show #085
How Large Language Models Work | LLMs Explained in Hindi | Analytics India Guru
The Surprising New Drone Trick for Efficient Delivery
New View on AI: Monad Algebra in Category Theory
Amazon CEO Andy Jassy Foresees Generative AI as Key Driver for Company's Growth
When will you feel AI personally? (Not  feel the AGI  exactly...)
Grok Vision - First Multimodal Model from XAi
AI Revolutionizing Financial Industry Hiring Process
Meet Aerobotics: The AI Helping Farmers Boost Crop Yields
Lambda Function(Python)
Visual Guides For Any Skill With Cloudflare AI
Command ChatGPT To Render Markdown with 12 Magic Words (including images!)
Enterprise AI Hub: LLM AI Agent built with OpenAI & Java
Ibuprofeno.py | #80: Explica este cdigo Python
Tech Exec Predicts Billion-Dollar AI Girlfriend Industry
Government spyware is another reason to use an ad blocker
Elon Musk's xAI previews Grok-1.5 Vision, its first multimodal model, and says the AI model will be available soon to  early testers and existing Grok users  (Ken Yeung/VentureBeat)
6 security advancements that Plang offers for the user
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman pitches ChatGPT Enterprise to Microsoft AI customers
Building a serverless AI App on Cloudflare Workers
AI and Deepfakes in the Courtroom
Create and access a tensor in PyTorch
Adopt AI, But Responsibly!
Google goes all in on generative AI at Google Cloud Next
From boom to burst, the AI bubble is only heading in one direction | John Naughton
Q&A with Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei about AI models costing ~$10B to train, why AI models are close to being  able to replicate and survive in the wild , more (New York Times)
Grok-1.5 Vision: Elon Musk's x.AI Sets New Standards in AI with Groundbreaking Multimodal Model
Fast, Intuitive, Smart: Restaurant search engine with Cloudflare AI
LLMs are secretly good at regression calculations
Vana plans to let users rent out their Reddit data to train AI
Enhancing Search Experience with AI: LLM Open Search on Cloudflare Workers
Introducing DEV AI: Your Tech Blogging Sidekick
girl what
Why I think Python is a Great first Language
The Current State of AI in Marketing 2024
[P] Looking for a team
[P] SDK for connecting secure open-source code interpreter to any LLM
Building a RAG chain using LangChain Expression Language (LCEL)
100 Days of Code
Generate my Pet
How to Make Money from Unused Internet
But what is a GPT? Visual intro to transformers | Chapter 5, Deep Learning
Microsoft Research Introduces 'MEGAVERSE' for Benchmarking Large Language Models Across Languages, Modalities, Models, and Tasks
X.ai Announces Grok-1.5V Multimodal Foundation Model and a New Benchmark
Migrating from AWS SageMaker to GCP Vertex AI: A Training Environment Transition
Building/training Stable Diffusion from scratch locally. [P]
OmniFusion: Revolutionizing AI with Multimodal Architectures for Enhanced Textual and Visual Data Integration and Superior VQA Performance
Handwriting Capable OCR
Cognita : A Truly Unified RAG Framework : Part 1
MATT AI
Unveiling Player Insights: A Novel Machine Learning Approach to Understanding Gaming Behavior
Automating Video editing with programming knowledge
min(), max(), aminmax(), amin(), amax(), argmin() and argmax() in PyTorch
AI enthusiasm #4 - Your stable diffusion chatbot
sum() and prod() in PyTorch
Litoco AI: Link to Content - Cloudflare AI Challenge Submission
Where do you guys apply for jobs in uk?
How to Adjust Shopify Store Product Image Resolution
[R] Anthropic's Haiku Beats GPT-4 Turbo in Tool Use
Handling Multiple requests with Redis and Bullmq
AI-Generated Animal-Based Quotes + Dynamic Image : Cloudfare AI
Tesla drops prices, Meta confirms Llama 3 release, and Apple allows emulators in the App Store
Udio can be amazing. If the songs were a bit cleaner, I don't think anyone would be able to tell this is ai
Java's own EJB and Spring framework
Lessons after a half-billion GPT tokens
Meet QAnything: A Local Knowledge-Based Question-Answering AI System Designed to Support a Wide Range of File Formats and Databases, Allowing for Offline Installation and Use
RecurrentGemma: Moving Past Transformers for Efficient Open Language Models [R]
Advice and Tips to a Newbie?
AI spam is winning the battle against search engine quality
Google AI Introduces CodecLM: A Machine Learning Framework for Generating High-Quality Synthetic Data for LLM Alignment
Meta says it is testing its Meta AI chatbot with WhatsApp, Instagram, and Messenger users in India and parts of Africa (TechCrunch)
Bring To Life! - Take photos and bring objects to Life.
Evaluating World Knowledge and Memorization in Machine Learning: A Study by the University of Tbingen
mean() and median() in PyTorch
Getting started with Azure OpenAI
Cognita : A Truly Unified RAG Framework : Part 1 [D]
OS-World: Improving LLM Agent Operating Systems!
What AI Is Capable Of Today
Using an Autonomous Vehicle for Delivery
GenAI for CX, Cybersecurity, Fraud Detection, and Marketing Workflows in Insurance - with Dr. John Almasan of TIAA
Solving 100 Python Pandas Problems! (from easy to very difficult)
LlamaIndex Webinar: Retrieval-Augmented Fine-Tuning (RAFT)
UniFL shows HUGE Potential  - Euler Smea Dyn for A1111
Cooking concurrently with Python
AI and You: A Partnership for the Future
AI-business intelligence data platform designed for small and medium-sized business owners: how to get real benefits?
Inbox Invasion: The Ultimate Spam Content Calculator
T test vs z test
xAI introduces Grok-1.5 Vision multimodal AI model and a physical world benchmark
Evelyn
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/13/2024
A look at Vana, which raised $20M to let users get paid to share their Reddit posts and other data to train AI models; Reddit banned Vana's subreddit (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
The Future of Neural Network Training: Empirical Insights into -Transfer for Hyperparameter Scaling
Top 10 LMS Platforms for Enterprise AI Training and Development
How to solve Network Forensics puzzl with chat GPT
Full Line Code Completion in JetBrains IDEs with Local LLMs
Researchers at Apple Introduce 'pfl-research': A Fast, Modular, and Easy-to-Use Python Framework for Simulating Federated Learning
Azure Monitoring Tools for GPU Usage and Cost Optimization
CodeLlama: The Next-Gen Coding Assistant
An analysis of 200M+ student papers submitted over the past year: ~11% of papers showed signs of AI help and ~3% of papers contained at least 80% AI writing (Pilita Clark/Financial Times)
Virginia Congressman Pursuing Master's Degree in Machine Learning to Regulate AI
AI tool Tyche by MIT researchers allows multiple plausible segmentations for medical images
Air Force harnessing AI in wargaming for strategic advantage
MIT researchers revolutionize AI safety testing with innovative machine learning technique
US Government is adapting to AI introduction, but concerns remain about job prospects
AI Therapy App Called Therabot Offers Personalized Mental Health Care
Top Artificial Intelligence (AI) Courses on Coursera
Q&A with Ukraine's Cyberpolice Department chief Yevhenii Panchenko on his role after Russia's invasion, battling pro-Russian hacking groups, and more (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
[D] Is CUDA programming an in-demand skill in the industry?
Data Machina #249
Building Student Advisor using Lyzr SDK
Deep Dive on Amazon Managed Workflows for Apache Airflow Using CloudFormation
Meet Revideo: An AI Startup with a Web-based Open-Source Framework that Lets You Create Videos with Code
MixedBread AI Introduces Binary MRL: A Novel Embeddings Compression Method, Making Vector Search Scalable and Enable Embeddings-based Applications
Part 3: Asset Handling, Unit Testing, and Bundle Analysis
ChatGPT's web growth stagnates as Anthropic's Claude gains ground in AI race
AI Coding Is Going from Copilot to Autopilot
Guide to semantic html5 tags
[P] Extremely Short and Simple implementation of discrete diffusion, in pytorch, open source (400 loc)
Neuro-Symbolic Models are Making a Comeback
Carlyle Picks JPMorgan and Kotak to Help Arrange Hexaware IPO, Sources Say
Squeezing the Most Out of Every Byte: Go's Memory Packing Secrets Unpacked!
I'm starting to like Xfinity. Why? Its AI bot just fixed my TV - and that's not all
Top Data Analytics Books to Read in 2024
How generative AI is transforming the shopping experience
What AI Means for the Future of Small Business Employment
IT Pioneers Assess the Future Impact of AI
Top AI Companies from YC W24
Released My Python Data Sorting Tools for Community Use [P]
The greatest array
ShowdownCSS: Style HTML created by ShowdownJS
The AI Device Revolution Isn't Going to Kill the Smartphone
Best video game TV show ever?
Learning Generalist Models for Anomaly Detection
Extrao de metadados de imagens com Python
Chartpack: Product conversion rates 2024
Advanced Code Generation With  LLMs   Building a Synthetic Data Generator
6 Steps to Make AI Write Your Python Code for You
Safeguarding AI with Llama Guard: Ethical AI Development
Enjoy checking InterSystems IRIS performance with a useful tool ^mypButtons
Anthropic Claude Function Calling and Tools Integration
Generative AI is coming for healthcare, and not everyone's thrilled
Difference between innerText and textContent in HTML
China's lax AI regulation is a strategic move to bolster domestic tech, says expert
Yet Another Newsletter: :has()
redka
Netflix Uses Seemingly AI-Manipulated Images in True Crime Doc
AI voice clones without regulation pose more social risks than benefits
How to Encode Constraints to the Output of Neural Networks
How Neural Concept's aerodynamic AI is shaping Formula 1
What is your Job Title/ How Many Hours on Average Do You Work?
I love staring at my phone. So why are some tech companies trying to stop me?
How to coax ChatGPT into making better predictions: Get it to tell tales from the future
The Friendly Snake: Why Python is the Coolest
Mastering SQL Queries: A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners
STONKS APP   - Stocks helper for Beginners
Using Amazon Rekognition to Build an Image Object Detection Feature for a Social Media Startup
Conversational Intelligence Miner
How to Make Mobile Apps with R Shiny
Building an Animated Rocket Loader || FREE Source Code
[D] Current academic research trends v.s. next 5 years
LinkedIn: the number of companies with a designated head of AI position or a chief AI officer (CAIO) has almost tripled globally in the past five years (Emma Jacobs/Financial Times)
Cloudflare AI Challenge
Bubble sort in Python
[D] Advice for spotting  fake  ML roles?
[D] What are the current state of the art code embedding models?
Cloudflare AI Hackathon: MedicalAI - Revolutionizing Healthcare with AI
Why making pretend people with AGI is a waste of energy
[R] Visualization-of-Thought Elicits Spatial Reasoning in Large Language Models
If you mainly want to do Machine Learning, don't become a Data Scientist
AI Chief
On NeurIPS' High School Paper Track
Cloudflare Challenge
Empowering Creative Writing with AI: An Introduction to the Cloudflare AI Challenge Markdown Editor
equal(), eq() and ne() in PyTorch
AI comment moderator
Distraction caused by the Ai Hype
Designing and Implementing a Microsoft Azure AI Solution
babel_fish - real time language translation
Autonomous Domain-General Evaluation Models Enhance Digital Agent Performance: A Breakthrough in Adaptive AI Technologies
Why do we need to learn this?
NewsCast: daily audio news podcasts for your interests (Cloudflare AI Challenge)
Meta AI Releases OpenEQA: The Open-Vocabulary Embodied Question Answering Benchmark
Generative AI & Gemini
AI Twitter & LinkedIn Bio Generator
[D] What is the difference between Feature Vectors and Embeddings?
Database Pool Management with Sidekiq and load_async
Synthetic Dataset Creation and Fine-Tuning of Transformer Models for Question Answering in Serbian
Pretraining and Updating Language- and Domain-specific Large Language Model: A Case Study in Japanese Business Domain
Adaptive Visual Scene Understanding: Incremental Scene Graph Generation
Subtoxic Questions: Dive Into Attitude Change of LLM's Response in Jailbreak Attempts
Perceptual Assessment and Optimization of High Dynamic Range Image Rendering
A Systematic Survey of Deep Learning-based Single-Image Super-Resolution
A Comparative Study of In-Context Learning Capabilities: Exploring the Versatility of Large Language Models in Regression Tasks
ChangeNet: Multi-Temporal Asymmetric Change Detection Dataset
ZONE: Zero-Shot Instruction-Guided Local Editing
Large-Scale Multi-Hypotheses Cell Tracking Using Ultrametric Contours Maps
HuixiangDou: Overcoming Group Chat Scenarios with LLM-based Technical Assistance
Universal Humanoid Motion Representations for Physics-Based Control
Direct Preference Optimization for Neural Machine Translation with Minimum Bayes Risk Decoding
An Open Source Database for Eclipse Chasers
The Integration of Semantic and Structural Knowledge in Knowledge Graph Entity Typing
[D] Researchers who are applying ML to non traditional fields, what are you working on?
WonderJourney: Going from Anywhere to Everywhere
IISAN: Efficiently Adapting Multimodal Representation for Sequential Recommendation with Decoupled PEFT
Mitigating Language-Level Performance Disparity in mPLMs via Teacher Language Selection and Cross-lingual Self-Distillation
Investigating Neural Machine Translation for Low-Resource Languages: Using Bavarian as a Case Study
Distilling Algorithmic Reasoning from LLMs via Explaining Solution Programs
Data-Augmentation-Based Dialectal Adaptation for LLMs
TherapistAI: AI-powered mental health support
FairVision: Equitable Deep Learning for Eye Disease Screening via Fair Identity Scaling
VertAttack: Taking advantage of Text Classifiers' horizontal vision
HLTCOE at TREC 2023 NeuCLIR Track
Supermemory - ChatGPT for your bookmarks
Thematic Analysis with Large Language Models: does it work with languages other than English? A targeted test in Italian
Topic-Controllable Summarization: Topic-Aware Evaluation and Transformer Methods
MSciNLI: A Diverse Benchmark for Scientific Natural Language Inference
ASR advancements for indigenous languages: Quechua, Guarani, Bribri, Kotiria, and Wa'ikhana
Deep Learning-Based MR Image Re-parameterization
Improving Health Question Answering with Reliable and Time-Aware Evidence Retrieval
EFHQ: Multi-purpose ExtremePose-Face-HQ dataset
WildFusion: Learning 3D-Aware Latent Diffusion Models in View Space
FF-LOGO: Cross-Modality Point Cloud Registration with Feature Filtering and Local to Global Optimization
Comment-aided Video-Language Alignment via Contrastive Pre-training for Short-form Video Humor Detection
[D] In industry NLP, are there any actual/practical uses for LLMs other than text generation?
Vision Transformers Need Registers
Learning county from pixels: Corn yield prediction with attention-weighted multiple instance learning
Look at the Text: Instruction-Tuned Language Models are More Robust Multiple Choice Selectors than You Think
Udio is better than Suno AI... in some ways
Analyzing the Performance of Large Language Models on Code Summarization
Hyundai picks Palantir to help it build automated navy ships
SC-GS: Sparse-Controlled Gaussian Splatting for Editable Dynamic Scenes
Modality Translation for Object Detection Adaptation Without Forgetting Prior Knowledge
Extending Translate-Train for ColBERT-X to African Language CLIR
A Neuromorphic Approach to Obstacle Avoidance in Robot Manipulation
Tackling JSON Perplexity in LLM Outputs: A Weekend Project
FastSpell: the LangId Magic Spell
Leveraging Multi-AI Agents for Cross-Domain Knowledge Discovery
Google AI Introduces an Efficient Machine Learning Method to Scale Transformer-based Large Language Models (LLMs) to Infinitely Long Inputs
MoPE: Mixture of Prefix Experts for Zero-Shot Dialogue State Tracking
Safe-CLIP: Removing NSFW Concepts from Vision-and-Language Models
CATP: Cross-Attention Token Pruning for Accuracy Preserved Multimodal Model Inference
[D] Are traditional NLP tasks such as text classification/NER/RE still important in the era of LLMs?
DiffusionGAN3D: Boosting Text-guided 3D Generation and Domain Adaptation by Combining 3D GANs and Diffusion Priors
Addressing Spatial Dependencies
Sat2Cap: Mapping Fine-Grained Textual Descriptions from Satellite Images
TextMachina: Seamless Generation of Machine-Generated Text Datasets
Prompt Tuned Embedding Classification for Multi-Label Industry Sector Allocation
FoodLMM: A Versatile Food Assistant using Large Multi-modal Model
Multimodal Contextual Dialogue Breakdown Detection for Conversational AI Models
Measuring Cross-lingual Transfer in Bytes
How to Use Python Built-In Decoration to Improve Performance Significantly
Towards Measuring the Representation of Subjective Global Opinions in Language Models
Slater - virtual language learning companion
Lyrics: Boosting Fine-grained Language-Vision Alignment and Comprehension via Semantic-aware Visual Objects
Putting the Object Back into Video Object Segmentation
ResearchAgent: Transforming the Landscape of Scientific Research Through AI-Powered Idea Generation and Iterative Refinement
Gaining More Insight into Neural Semantic Parsing with Challenging Benchmarks
Graph Integrated Language Transformers for Next Action Prediction in Complex Phone Calls
AI Interview Simulator
Facebook Introduces Meta AI in WhatsApp
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/14/2024
Tamnoon named a Finalist at RSA Conference Launch Pad 2024
How Do You Define  Meaningful Work?
Rivet - JS, AI and the agent builder we deserve
OpenAI Enters Japan, Releases GPT-4 Custom Model for Japanese
India is a Goldmine for AI Talent
PicsTweakr
Breezemail
QCon London: Lessons Learned From Building LinkedIn's AI/ML Data Platform
I Thought I Was Using AI To Write My Novel, But It's Just A Guy Named  Al
Poemly
LM-Guided CoT: A Novel Machine Learning Framework that Leverages a Lightweight (<1B) Language Model (LM) for guiding a black-box large (>10B) LM in Reasoning Tasks
AI-generated models could bring more diversity to the fashion industry or leave it with less
YouTube Summariser: Extract essence of YouTube videos.
RBR50 honors World's Leading Robotics Innovators
Top 9 Semiconductor GCCs in India
Nvidia, Georgia Tech to Build AI Supercomputer for Students
DeepL named to the Forbes AI 50 list for 2024
Kakizu: Turn your sketches into beautiful AI generated art using Cloudflare!
Microsoft Invests $2.9 Billion to Enhance Cloud, AI Infrastructure in Japan
OpenAI releases Japanese optimized GPT-4 Turbo
OpenAI Taps Ex-Amazon Executive to Head Enterprise Push in Japan
SAG-AFTRA says new deal will protect musicians from AI
Meet Andesite AI: An Advanced AI Security Analytics Startup that Empowers both Private- and Public-Sector Cyber Experts
Cloudflare Based AI Embed System
Blackmagic's DaVinci Resolve 19 arrives with AI-powered motion tracking and color grading
OpenAI announces Tokyo office and GPT-4 model optimized for the Japanese language
OpenAI opens an office in Tokyo and taps former president of Amazon Web Services's Japan arm Tadao Nagasaki to lead an enterprise push in the country (Bloomberg)
Ridiculed for using Java [D]
What LLMs Can and Cannot Do in Small Game Creation
Jemma: A New AI Project that Convert Your Thoughts to Code
What will the latest version of Grok AI bring to the table?
7 AI Startups that Featured on Shark Tank India Season 3
Weekly Roundup 048 (Apr 08):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
AI could split workers into 2: The ones whose jobs get better and the ones who lose them completely
Why India Needs to Build its Focus on AI Theory
Using Speech AI & Accent Softening to Transform the Future of Work
Power of Rerankers and Two-Stage Retrieval for Retrieval Augmented Generation
Why Accelerating Data Engineering Across Public Clouds and Private Data Centers is a Game Changer
Setting Up SonarQube for Code Analysis: Part 1 - Docker Compose Configuration
2024 AI Index report published
Adobe included AI-generated images in 'commercially safe' Firefly training set
Cyderes completes acquisition of Ipseity Security
Waymo, Cruise and Zoox Inch Forward Ahead of Tesla Joining Robotaxi Race
The Open Interpreter: Illuminating a Conversational Future for AI
Understanding Licensing for Large Language Models (LLMs)
10 Things We Hate About Nvidia
Lawhive raises $12M to expand its legaltech AI platform for small firms
Evolving Cybersecurity: Gen AI Threats and AI-Powered Defence
Toluna names Two Key Appointments to Executive Leadership Team
Transporeon, MODE Global Collaborate for Autonomous Capacity Management
OpenAI chooses Tokyo for its first Asian office
Alexa Saves Young Girl from Monkey Attack, Aims to Aid Older Adults Too
The Morning After: Meta crams its AI chatbot into your Instagram DMs
This AI Paper from SambaNova Presents a Machine Learning Method to Adapt Pretrained LLMs to New Languages
AI Recruiters Have Joined the Job Search. Who Are They Helping?
'Eat the future, pay with your face': my dystopian trip to an AI burger joint
Meta Next-Gen AI Chips to Power Recommendations, Ranking
What's Emerging in AI: Autonomous Multi-Agents and Large Action/Agentic Models (LAMs)
Adobe previews AI object addition and removal for Premiere Pro
One Mindset Shift That Will Make You a Better Data Scientist
OpenAI comes to Asia with new office in Tokyo
World's First 'Miss AI' Competition Announced With $5,000 Cash Prize
Ibuprofeno.py | #81: Explica este cdigo Python
Image Contouring with OpenCV
Limitless
The Fears and Opportunities of AI Written Content
US, Japan Collaborate on AI Research for Life Sciences, Workplace Development
How to Learn Machine Learning in 2024
AI in Football   Biases in Expected Goals (xG) Models Confound Finishing Ability: Part 1
Q&A with Dropbox CEO Drew Houston on adding AI tools, evolving beyond file syncing, rejecting Steve Jobs' buyout offer, online storage, remote working, and more (Nilay Patel/The Verge)
Frame fushion
Adobe Premiere Pro's two new AI tools blew my mind. Watch them in action for yourself
Dropbox CEO Drew Houston wants you to embrace AI and remote work
[D] Cold emailing a researcher for collaboration, should I be cautious ?
5 Free Courses to Master Math for Data Science
Meta to close Threads in Turkey to comply with injunction prohibiting data-sharing with Instagram
How to Generate Videos with Open-Sora-Plan Video Generation Model
Zoom gets its first major overhaul in 10 years, powered by generative AI
Exploring GAN Code Generation with Gemini Pro and ChatGPT-3.5: A Comparative Study
Live Graphs with FFmpeg to Enhance your Data Storytelling
Adobe's working on generative video, too
5 questions schools and universities should ask before they purchase AI tech products
How to negotiate salary when doing an internal move?
Thoughts about AI on UI design
Apple's new M4 Chips with AI Focus
Adobe releases Acrobat AI Assistant to summarize and answer questions about documents for $4.99/month as an  early access  rate, and a mobile version in beta (Alex Koller/CNBC)
Adobe Premiere Pro is getting generative AI video tools   and hopefully OpenAI's Sora
Inside Ferret-UI: Apple's Multimodal LLM for Mobile Screen Understanding
OpenAI launches Tokyo office and custom AI model for Japan
Geospatial Data Analysis with Geemap
Cohere Compass Private Beta: A New Multi-Aspect Embedding Model
Adobe Debuts Generative AI Video, Plans to Integrate Third-Party AI
OpenAI plans new Tokyo office, Tesla lays offs thousands
Midjourney Explorations   A World of Cats
Stanford's ReFT fine-tunes LLMs at a fraction of the cost
How AI is Paving the Way for a New Middle-Class
Exploring the Top AI Blogs of 2024: Illuminating Insights into Artificial Intelligence
Limitless is a new AI tool for your meetings   and an all-hearing wearable gadget
Netflix Accused of Using AI Photos in True Crime Documentary
Source: a16z closed $7.2B for its newest set of funds, with allocations for AI infrastructure, AI apps, its  American Dynamism  strategy, and more (Kia Kokalitcheva/Axios)
To legislate or not to legislate? How EU and UK differ in their approach to AI
Record labels agree with SAG-AFTRA to protect artists when using AI in songs
15 Graphs That Explain the State of AI in 2024
Data Orchestration: Process and Benefits
How Speech AI technology can improve transcription services
Data Engineer Academy Review
Investors are growing increasingly wary of AI
What AI chatbots are you guys using?
Getting Started with Gemma Models
To avoid AI-driven  knowledge collapse , humans must actively preserve specialized expertise
WTF? I'm tired of this crap
Microsoft Copilot AI Resumes Auto-Launch Testing in Windows 11 Startup
Adobe says it is in the early stages of developing a way to let Premiere Pro users tap AI models from OpenAI, Runway, and Pika Labs to generate and use video (Stephen Nellis/Reuters)
A.I. Has a Measurement Problem
Reaction Video: Humane AI Pin, the new Smartphone? | Ep. 19
How to succeed as a data engineer without the burnout
From Robotics to AI NPCs // Nyla Worker // AI in Production Talk
Unlock The Gemini 1.5 Pro API  (+ File API )
Seeing Like a Language Model // Linus Lee // AI in Production Conference Full Talk
06x09: Modern Application Development Using AI with Paul Nashawaty of The Futurum Group
Easy 100% Local RAG Tutorial (Ollama) + Full Code
Computational Conversations EP#1 | How do Al, machine learning and LLMs relate?
Ready for a Chatbot Version of Your Favorite Instagram Influencers?
Sources: Instagram is in the early stages of testing  Creator AI  chatbots for top influencers, which would automate DM responses to fans in a creator's  voice  (New York Times)
[D] Why is the latent channel of stable diffusion so small?
Data acquisition strategies for AI-first startups
Using Clustering Algorithms for Player Recruitment
How Meta wants to add its AI chatbot to your Instagram search bar
Exploring the TensorFlow Ecosystem: A Comprehensive Overview
Adobe brings generative AI to Premiere Pro
Zoom hits version 6.0 with UI overhaul, new AI companion features
Podcast: Large Language Models   Strategies and Best Practices with Sinan Ozdemir
Oh look at that! Now Google is using AI to answer search queries.
Why the Modern Data Stack is Broken and How to Fix It
B T BU C  C KHI DNG APP
PVML combines an AI-centric data access and analysis platform with differential privacy
Lean on me: Some AI products still depend on human intervention
How Meta AI is helping to improve your Instagram searches
JavaScript, Python Neck and Neck in GitHub Developer Usage
Why robots can be culturally insensitive   and how scientists are trying to fix it
Made a  Reddit Copilot  to summarize long threads
The hidden risk of letting AI decide: Losing the skills to choose for ourselves
Eric Newcomer is bringing his Cerebral Valley AI Summit to New York
Weekly Top Picks #71
ETL VS ELT (Data Pipeline)
Transcribe audio with Java using Universal-1
OpenAI introduces Batch API with up to 50% discount for asynchronous tasks
Adobe Previews New Generative AI Tools for Video Workflows
9 Sessions to Get Started with AI at ODSC East 2024
The end of the  best open LLM
Meta is shutting down Threads in Turkey following injunction against data-sharing with Instagram
Exploring the Power of Natural Language Data Manipulation with PandasAI
Last Week in AI #266: 2024 AI Index Report, Devin's misleading demo, Texas to use AI to grade exams, the future of robotics, and more!
Elon Musk's Grok AI chatbot turns viral X jokes into fake news
REACH: Responsible Enterprise AI for Conversational Harmony   A Unified RAG Framework for ChatBots
UK Starts Drafting AI Regulations for Most Powerful Models
FLaNK AI - 15 April 2024
Elevate Your Interview Preparation with the AI Interviewer App
It's easy to bash tech, but I've started taking robotaxis &mdash; and they're awesome
OpenAI Batch API
AI's new power of persuasion: Study shows LLMs can exploit personal information to change your mind
Onum Secures $28 Million To Help Businesses Derive Greater Value From Their Data at Lower Costs
Excel Monkey
Type of Lists in HTML
190 Python Projects with Source Code
Day 1 of 30 : Machine Learning
GPT-4 Turbo reclaims 'best AI model' crown from Anthropic's Claude 3
Cloudborn Demo Takes GDC By Storm With Many Wowed By Gameplay
AI can write you a poem and edit your video. Now, it can help you be funnier
Stanford's AI Index report: training top AI models gets more expensive, AI still trails humans on complex tasks, people have become more worried about AI, more (Artificial Intelligence Index)
Google's new Infini-attention technique lets you input infinite text into LLMs
AI Index 2024 report shows industry dominance, rising costs, and US leadership in AI
Level Up with DataCamp's New Azure Certification
ISD: fake footage of Iran's attack on Israel went viral on X, including AI-made videos and photos, with many posts from verified accounts and  OSINT experts  (Vittoria Elliott/Wired)
In a future with brain-computer interfaces like Elon Musk's Neuralink, we may need to rethink freedom of thought
Controlling Agents with Step-by-Step Execution (Part 5, Introduction to Agents)
[ML News] Microsoft to spend 100 BILLION DOLLARS on supercomputer (& more industry news)
Adobe to Introduce AI-Powered Video Editing Tools for Premiere Pro
US Government AI Regulation BOMB DROPPED! RAAIA Act - The end of Open Source? Regulatory Capture?
A Promising Idea for Efficient Drone Delivery
Controlling Agent Reasoning with Tool Outputs (Part 4, Introduction to Agents)
Retrieval-Augmented Agents (Part 3, Introduction to Agents)
Live CEOing Ep 783: Design Review of BioMolecule and BioMoleculePlot3D
The New Era of Mixture-of-Experts
What's up with AI lately? Let's start with soaring costs, public anger, regulations
Image Function Calls Made Easy with Claudetools
Meta Adds AI Chatbot to Instagram That Can Generate Images
Improved AI confidence measure for autonomous vehicles
Java 22: A Glimpse into the Future of Java Development
Adobe's PDF-reading AI Assistant starts at $4.99/month - here's how to try it for free
Quantizing the AI Colossi
This AI Paper from Peking University and ByteDance Introduces VAR: Surpassing Diffusion Models in Speed and Efficiency
Does anyone use this potential alternative to gradient descent?
Salesforce In Talks To Buy Informatica: Report
Mistral CEO Says AI Companies Are Trying to Build God
Humane's AI Pin got trashed by a YouTuber, and it sparked a firestorm over whether that's fair
Java News Roundup: JobRunr 7.0, Introducing the Commonhaus Foundation, Payara Platform, Devnexus
UK mulling potential AI regulation
[D] SOTA in Object Detection?
Exploring the Role of Machine Learning in Climate Change Prediction and Mitigation
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Text Summarization & Information Retrieval
Repair shop reports receiving 200 melted RTX 4090s per month, up from last year
Actionable Tips for Building Accessible Websites (and Why it Matters)
Decade of Data: Celebrating 10 Years of Innovation at the New York R Conference
Productionize LLM RAG App in Django   Part I: Celery
so
Finding the right learning approach
OPPO AI's Transformer-Lite Delivers 10x+ Prefill and 2~3x Decoding Boost on Mobile Phone GPUs
Google's Jigsaw expands Perspective API, a set of ML tools that help moderators and researchers identify toxicity, with seven attributes, including nuance (Billy Perrigo/TIME)
Ryan Gosling's Viral Beavis and Butt-Head Skit Was 5 Years in the Making
Researchers at UC Berkeley Introduce GOEX: A Runtime for LLMs with an Intuitive Undo and Damage Confinement Abstractions, Enabling the Safer Deployment of LLM Agents in Practice
Limitless launches the $99 Limitless Pendant, a wearable AI gadget that transcribes meetings and provides real-time notes and summaries, shipping in August (David Pierce/The Verge)
Microsoft invests $1.5 billion in Emirati AI company G42
AI was supposed to make police bodycams better. What happened?
Happiest Minds Launches AI Chatbot 'hAPPI'
AI chip developer Rivos, which recently settled with Apple over trade secret theft, raised $250M+ led by Matrix to compete with Nvidia using its RISC-V chips (Jane Lanhee Lee/Bloomberg)
Samsung Secures $6.4B to Expand Chip Production in Texas
PlumeJS - No fuss web-components framework
India Ranks Third in Developer Contributions on GitHub
Image Restoration by Denoising Diffusion Models with Iteratively Preconditioned Guidance
Apple lawsuit behind it, chip startup Rivos plots its next moves
Towards Reliable Synthetic Control
Day 25: Unveiling the Magic of Binary Search in depth with Java, C++, Python
Recommender Systems in the Era of Large Language Models (LLMs)
Gradient Flow of Energy: A General and Efficient Approach for Entity Alignment Decoding
Meta's Oversight Board will rule on AI-generated sexual images
Qdrant offers managed vector database for hybrid clouds
Introduction to Data Structures in Python
Stanford releases their rather comprehensive (500 page)  2004 AI Index Report summarizing the state of AI today.
How to Empower the future of UX Design with Gen AI
Chip Startup Rivos Raises More Than $250 Million to Tap AI Boom
Is AI Going To Disrupt The Music Industry?
YouTube star Marques Brownlee's scathing Humane Ai Pin review leads to argument over ethics and influence
Meet India's First AI Chatbot for UPSC Aspirants
Marques Brownlee Criticized for 'Unethical' Review of Humane AI Pin
US artists' union reaches agreement with major record labels on new AI rules
Top LangChain Books to Read in 2024
NeuCool offers unmatched thermal performance for AI data centers
Using sound waves for photonic machine learning: Study lays foundation for reconfigurable neuromorphic building blocks
Google Introduces TransformerFAM, For Fixing Amnesia in LLMs
EE-TTS: Emphatic Expressive TTS with Linguistic Information
COBOL's Costly Legacy Continues to Drain Company Resources
Small but Mighty: The Role of Small Language Models in Artificial Intelligence AI Advancement
AI cloud startup TensorWave bets AMD can beat Nvidia
Microsoft Invests $1.5 Billion in UAE's G42, Will Get Board Seat
Is ActiveRecord right in omitting parentheses in queries? (and how ChatGPT lies again)
Filing: MGM sues the FTC to stop an investigation into a 2023 cyberattack and asks for Chair Lina Khan's recusal; Khan stayed at the MGM Grand in September 2023 (Sabrina Willmer/Bloomberg)
Deploying Large Language Models: vLLM and QuantizationStep by Step Guide on How to Accelerate.
2024 AI Elections Tracker
Navigating Global Compliance: The Role of AI in MedTech
How we're tracking AI incidents around global elections
Dot com to Dot AI: The New Tech Bubble?
Meta Oversight Board Is Reviewing Policies Around Deepfake Nudes
Top 10 Text-to-Music Platforms
Los Alamos Lab powers up Nvidia-laden Venado supercomputer
New York and other states are using AI to hunt down wealthy remote workers and demand more tax
Microsoft to invest $1.5bn in AI firm in UAE, take board seat
Hugging Face launches Idefics2 vision-language model
Guide To Building a Powerful Telegram Chat Bot With N8n
Edge 387: Tool Learning in Autonomous Agents
LLM-driven Multimodal Target Volume Contouring in Radiation Oncology
Grok 1.5 is now Multimodal
KIVI: A Plug-and-Play 2-bit KV Cache Quantization Algorithm without the Need for Any Tuning
Microchip Technology acquires Neuronix AI Labs
OpenAI launches Asian operations in Tokyo to avoid being lost in translation
ParamISP: Learned Forward and Inverse ISPs using Camera Parameters
tRPA - Remote Property Access
How cheap, outsourced labour in Africa is shaping AI English
8 Charts that Explain Enterprise Generative AI Adoption in 2024
AI enthusiasm #6 - Finetune any LLM you want
Meta Releases MEGALODON, Efficient LLM Pre-Training and Inference on Infinite Context Length
A look at the failure of Humane's Ai Pin, which took six years to ship after raising $230M, including building the device  the Apple way  and raising too much (Benjamin Sandofsky/Sandofsky)
The cost of training AI has grown 'unprecedented', report warns
Deepfake detection improves when using algorithms that are more aware of demographic diversity
Meta's Oversight Board probes explicit AI-generated images posted on Instagram and Facebook
The Download: the problem with police bodycams, and how to make useful robots
Excitement Builds as Industrial Metaverse Transforms Manufacturing
Netflix true crime documentary may have used AI-generated images of a real person
Parse Your Invoices with LayoutLM and Label Studio
OpenAI's New DALL-E Edit Feature Reveals How Far AI Has to Go
AI Con USA: Navigate the Future of AI 2024
[D] Is there MoE implemented for less than 1B total parameters?
Apple believes that AI is the future
Overture Maps Foundation releases the first beta of its open map dataset
[D] Do Swin transformers perform poorly at linear probing?
Microsoft Renews Funding for IWill GITA, World's First Gen-AI Hindi Mental Health Program
AI Content Workflows Are Getting Insane.
How ZoomInfo transitioned from data graveyards to ROI-driven data projects
Create Financial Agents with Vision   - Powered by Claude 3 Haiku & Opus
775: What will humans do when machines are vastly more intelligent?   with Aleksa Gordi
Ring Attention explained: 1 Mio Context Length
#92: AI Reveals at Google Cloud Next, Google and WPP Team Up, Humane AI Pin's Brutal Reviews & Udio, Captions Tech Spotlights
Adobe Surprises Everyone By Partnering With OpenAI
Data Cleaning in MySQL | Full Project
WizardLM-2: First Opensource LLM To Outperform GPT-4!
AI + Robotics: Breakthroughs and Trends at CVPR 2024
Google Trains User Interface and Infographics Understanding AI Model ScreenAI
Train, Track, and Deploy Your Models: Neptune + Modelbit Integration
Real-Time Supply Chain Visibility: Leveraging IoT and Data Analytics for Real-Time Monitoring and.
Ibuprofeno.py | #82: Explica este cdigo Python
AI gold rush continues as Microsoft invests $1.5B in UAE's G42
GovDash aims to help businesses use AI to land government contracts
Goldman Sachs Backs AI in Hospitals With $47.5 Million Kontakt.io Investment
The Trailer for the World's First Fully AI-Generated Film is Here
Abstracts: April 16, 2024
Product Updates December '23: MLflow Plugin, New Docs Tutorials, and More
Amazon Music follows Spotify with an AI playlist generator of its own, Maestro
BlackRock's Larry Fink thinks AI will boost wages &mdash; and productivity
Taichi: A large-scale diffractive hybrid photonic AI chiplet
AMD unveils Ryzen Pro 8040 series for commercial laptops and mobile workstations and Ryzen Pro 8000 series for desktops, adding a neural processing unit for AI (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
[D] IJCAI 2024 Paper Result & Discussion
The 2024 Cybersecurity Outlook: Key Takeaways from Pentera's State of Pentesting Report
Product Updates March'24: MosaicML Composer integration, Neptune Query Language, and More
GenAI Acceleration Depends on Infrastructure as Code
Top-Trending LLMs Over the Last Week. Week #16.
Inside DBRX: Databricks Unleashes Powerful Open Source LLM
AI Pioneer Andrew Ng Joins Amazon's Board Amid AI Expansion
Peak boosts business confidence in AI launching Performance Guarantee
Snowflake Open Sources Arctic, Family of Embedding Models for RAG
WizardLM-2: An Open-Source AI Model that Claims to Outperform GPT-4 in the MT-Bench Benchmark
Averatek relaunches as LQDX.com   Raises $10M in Equity & Govt Funding
I gave Gemini my life story and it told me to fix my situation this is the most to least likely
Mavenir Digital BSS now available on Amazon Web Services Marketplace
Utilizing Pandas AI for Data Analysis
A popular YouTuber's negative video of Humane's AI Pin raises questions about critical reviews in the age of innovation
DIH appoints Anthony Pratt as VP of Commercial for the Americas
AI
Tesla Partners with Tata Electronics for Semiconductor Chips
Track and Visualize Information From Your Pipelines: neptune.ai + ZenML Integration
How do you evaluate an LLM? Try an LLM.
What Software Engineers Need to Know About AI Jobs
Product Updates September '23: Scatter Plots, Airflow Integration, and More
Graph-Based Workflow Builder for Web Agents
Atlas shrugged: Boston Dynamics retires its hydraulic humanoid robot
It Ain't Just AI: What We Saw At Google Cloud Next
The Ethics of AI in Warfare
Microsoft Invests $1.5B to Bring AI to the Middle East
AMD Reveals Ryzen Pro 8000 Series for High-Performance Computing Needs, Including AI
A 'Computer' Built from DNA Can Find Patterns in Photographs
Reka Core is the next multimodal AI model that makes GPT-4 seem less special
Pleasure or Pain? He Maps the Neural Circuits That Decide.
Gen AI training costs soar yet risks are poorly measured, says Stanford AI report
Amazon debuts a generative AI-powered playlist feature
AI  interviewer ...I rarely want companies to fail but...
You can now use Quora's Poe to chat with multiple LLMs at the same time
Can AI read our minds? Probably not, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be worried
UK targets  despicable individuals  who create AI sex deepfakes with new law
This AI newsletter is all you need #95
8 Plots for Explaining Linear Regression to a Layman
AI Mapping: Using Neural Networks to Identify House Numbers
Build a Personal ML Model Registry with Replicate in 5 mins
A New Manager's Guide to High Performing Data Science Teams
Code Sketching with Kotlin Notebooks: Developer Guide
The Definitive Guide to Structured Data Parsing with OpenAI GPT3.5
Surviving the AI Era: How Programmers Can Adapt and Break Through
Fix Your SDLC Before Adopting Gen AI in Your Organisation: Bannon's Call to Action at QCon London
Coverage vs. Accuracy: Striking a Balance in Data Science
Logility enhances network optimization with AI-based inventory modeling
How One Programmer Built an AI-Powered Interactive FAQ
Actually, Corporate Investment in AI Saw a Significant Drop in 2023
AI has the power to revolutionise lending, but at a cost to people with lower credit scores
Google will outpace Microsoft in AI investment, DeepMind CEO says
The Limitations and Advantages of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Are All Monoliths Bad?
Microsoft at NDSI 2024: Discoveries and implementations in networked systems
LLM Security: Bypassing LLM Safeguards
Evolution Equity Partners raises $1.1B for new cybersecurity and AI fund
inline-snapshot
Nvidia introduces RTX A400 and A1000 GPUs for AI design and productivity workflows
Announcing a Benchmark to Improve AI Safety
2024-04-15: Machine learning
How we take data-driven decisions with LogSnag
Women in tech, AI in focus as Web Summit opens in Rio
Static code analyzers vs AI code reviewers: Which is Best?
How is Meta handling AI-generated nudes? Its oversight board is about to find out.
Amazon Music's Maestro lets listeners make AI playlists
AI model could optimize e-commerce sites for users who are color blind
Insights from the Leading EDJE Round Table Discussion on AI: Bridging the Gap Between Virtual and Physical Spaces
Why a neurodivergent team will be a golden asset in the AI workplace
The Origins of Lifelong ML: Part 1 of Why LLML is the Next Game-changer of AI
Microsoft and the UAE's G42 | Bloomberg Technology
Google's Jigsaw subsidiary adds AI tools to build a nicer internet
Beginner's Guide to Math's for Machine Learning
Examining Lifelong Machine Learning through ELLA and Voyager: Part 2 of Why LLML is Next in AI
Betaworks bets on AI agents in latest 'Camp' cohort
Microsoft Goes Big In AI Again, Invests $1.5B In UAE-Based G42
Generative AI model shows fake news has a greater influence on elections when released at a steady pace without interruption
Accelerated DBRX Inference on Mosaic AI Model Serving
Meta's oversight board to probe subjective policy on AI sex image removals
Gentoo Linux tells AI-generated code contributions to fork off
Vectara Spies RAG As Solution to LLM Fibs and Shannon Theorem Limitations
Automating Complex Business Workflows with Cohere: Multi-Step Tool Use in Action
[R] Hugging Face releases Idefics, a new open 8B parameters multimodal model competitive with 30B parameters models
Machine Learning for Biotech, Biopharma, and ML Safety Sessions Coming to ODSC East 2024
65% of educators think AI can save them time on admin tasks, a new study finds
Microsoft Makes High-Stakes Play in Tech Cold War With Emirati A.I. Deal
Anthropic CEO Says That by Next Year, AI Models Could Be Able to  Replicate and Survive in the Wild
ContentOS
Amazon Music launches Maestro, an AI playlist generator
Python Tutorial: Use TensorFlow to Generate Predictive Text
Baidu's Ernie chatbot has been on a growth spurt, but is still far behind ChatGPT
Survey finds generative AI proving major threat to the work of translators
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 08/04 to 14/04
ALOHA Unleashed: Google Deepmind shows progress in autonomous, versatile robots
Absolute vs relational embeddings [R]
Hyperion To Provide a Peek at Storage, File System Usage with Global Site Survey
3 Questions: Enhancing last-mile logistics with machine learning
[Project]: My self-hosted app for ML engineers to deal with all the tools and technologies
Former OpenAI Board Member Calls for Audits of Top AI Companies
Humane AI Pin launch: the reviews are in, and they're not good
Intel and others commit to building open generative AI tools for the enterprise
Updated Retouch4me Photoshop Panel Adds Cloud-Based AI Editing
Panel Discussion: The Future of Testing- Impact of AI in Quality Assurance and Beyond [Spartans Summit 2024]
DevinAI Situation ?
Amazon Music echoes Spotify with an AI playlist generator of its own
Using multiple Gemini and GPT instances to create comic book panels through image-to-text-to-image techniques.
Become Millionaire with OpenAI
Limitless' $99 AI wearable to promises to remember your meetings and, well, everything else
Plugin for Cloudflare AI API
Quoting wkirby on Hacker News
AI Inference now available in Supabase Edge Functions
Canada Invests $2.4 Billion in AI
Unveiling the Black Box: Meta's LM Transparency Tool Deciphers Transformer Language Models
People are afraid of self-driving cars   can the industry change that?
Build Your GenAI Strategy On A Rock-Solid Foundation (Model)
Responsible Computing Challenge Holds Trustworthy AI and Career Development Events with Student Groups at San Jos State University
NEW WizardLM-2 8x22B: Fine-tune & Stage-DPO align
INSTALL UNCENSORED InstantStyle Ai WebUI! COPY ANY STYLE!
Live CEOing Ep 784: Design Review of Calculus & Algebra Features
Webinar BR - Desvendando e Modelando Dados Financeiros com IA Generativa
The LEAST Discussed AI   Library! (UNSTRUCTURED Tutorial)
Create Lifelike Images With Playground Photorealism
Udio & the age of multi-modal AI
C# Concurrency - First Chapter Summary
The Limitless pendant is a new AI device you wear that records everything you hear &mdash; take a look
'Googlers Against Genocide': Tech Workers Protest AI and Cloud Contracts With Israel
Applying graph theory for inferring your BigQuery SQL transformations: an experimental DataOps tool
AI Boom Needs Nuclear, Constellation Energy CEO Says
Researchers at Oxford Presented Policy-Guided Diffusion: A Machine Learning Method for Controllable Generation of Synthetic Trajectories in Offline Reinforcement Learning RL
Animated Cute Puppy with HTML and CSS || FREE Source Code
The First AI-Generated Romcom Is Coming Out This Summer
Clustering of AI firms in south and east of England will foil levelling up   report
Google NotebookLM Data Exfiltration
[D] Can GNNs be used as model for all types of data?
Motorola Is Betting on Wood and Fake Leather to Sell Smartphones Overseas
Drake muddies the 'Push Ups' AI debate with a deepfake
The Math Behind Deep CNN   AlexNet
Large Language Models as Optimizers
The end-to-end AI chain emerges - it's like talking to your company's top engineer
Murdoch Partner Helps Asia's Richest Man Build a Media Empire
Waymo begins robotaxi testing in Atlanta
Megalodon: Efficient LLM Pretraining and Inference with Unlimited Context Length
SCott: Accelerating Diffusion Models with Stochastic Consistency Distillation
Quoting Constance Grady
How to build your own AI assistant for bookmark searching?
H2O-Danube-1.8B Technical Report
ResearchAgent: Iterative Research Idea Generation over Scientific Literature with Large Language Models
The 10 Commandments of AI
Dataset Reset Policy Optimization for RLHF
Tiny Titans: Can Smaller Large Language Models Punch Above Their Weight in the Real World for Meeting Summarization?
Meet the NiceGUI: Your Soon-to-be Favorite Python UI Library
Linux Foundation Promotes Open Source RAG with OPEA Launch
The Rise of NeuroTechnology and Its Fusion with AI
CHOPS: CHat with custOmer Profile Systems for Customer Service with LLMs
The Linux Foundation announces the Open Platform for Enterprise AI, to foster the development of open, multi-provider, and composable generative AI systems (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Image based Function Calling with gemini-1.0-pro-vision
Bedrock(ing) the Kasbah
Chat with your Github Repo using llama_index and chainlit
BooookScore: A systematic exploration of book-length summarization in the era of LLMs
Is Progressive Insurance using AI Art now?
AutoCodeRover: An Automated Artificial Intelligence AI Approach for Solving Github Issues to Autonomously Achieve Program Improvement
PyTorch Releases torchtune for Easily Fine-Tuning LLMs
When Emotional Stimuli meet Prompt Designing: An Auto-Prompt Graphical Paradigm
Cultural evolution via iterated learning and communication explains efficient color naming systems
Tech Stocks Slump in Europe as ASML Rattles High-Flying Sector
What Makes Good Data for Alignment? A Comprehensive Study of Automatic Data Selection in Instruction Tuning
Question Difficulty Ranking for Multiple-Choice Reading Comprehension
GROUNDHOG: Grounding Large Language Models to Holistic Segmentation
Simulated Data, Real Learnings : Simulating Systems
X-PARADE: Cross-Lingual Textual Entailment and Information Divergence across Paragraphs
Language of Bargaining
Open Source Elastic's OpenTelemetry SDK for .NET
Integrating knowledge bases to improve coreference and bridging resolution for the chemical domain
Zendesk Partners With Anthropic and AWS for Generative AI Solutions
AI is making smart devices   watches, speakers, doorbells   easier to hack. Here's how to stay safe
The application of Augmented Reality (AR) in Remote Work and Education
Explicitly Representing Syntax Improves Sentence-to-layout Prediction of Unexpected Situations
Google will pump more than $100B into AI, says DeepMind boss
A Survey on Open Information Extraction from Rule-based Model to Large Language Model
Evolutionary Optimization of 1D-CNN for Non-contact Respiration Pattern Classification
Meet the Visionary of AI Venture Capital
Cross-Language Evolution of Divergent Collective Memory Around the Arab Spring
ViTextVQA: A Large-Scale Visual Question Answering Dataset for Evaluating Vietnamese Text Comprehension in Images
Tel Aviv-based Cynomi, which offers an AI-powered virtual CISO service for managed service providers, raised a $20M Series A led by Canaan (FinSMEs)
MAD Speech: Measures of Acoustic Diversity of Speech
Stance Detection with Collaborative Role-Infused LLM-Based Agents
MoE-TinyMed: Mixture of Experts for Tiny Medical Large Vision-Language Models
The Curious Decline of Linguistic Diversity: Training Language Models on Synthetic Text
Logitech mouse and keyboard users are getting a free AI upgrade
Something fascinating that's starting to emerge - ALL fields that are impacted by AI are saying the same basic thing...
HTML Interview Questions
DBS Bank's Billion Dollar AI Dream
AI+Node.js x-crawl crawler: Why are traditional crawlers no longer the first choice for data crawling?
Mastering the Hash: A Guide to YAML Comments
This AI Paper from Microsoft and Tsinghua University Introduces Rho-1 Model to Boost Language Model Training Efficiency and Effectiveness
Photos of torrential Dubai flash floods show the downsides of trying to control the weather
[P] Are there open-source models related to singing and vocals?
A monster of a paper by Stanford, a 500-page report on the 2024 state of AI
[R] The Illusion of State in State-Space Models
Unifying the Perspectives of NLP and Software Engineering: A Survey on Language Models for Code
Is DPO Superior to PPO for LLM Alignment? A Comprehensive Study
Emerging Trends in Reinforcement Learning: Applications Beyond Gaming
ANCHOR: LLM-driven News Subject Conditioning for Text-to-Image Synthesis
AIGeN: An Adversarial Approach for Instruction Generation in VLN
Leveraging LLMs for Synthesizing Training Data Across Many Languages in Multilingual Dense Retrieval
Factcheck-Bench: Fine-Grained Evaluation Benchmark for Automatic Fact-checkers
Visual Grounding Methods for VQA are Working for the Wrong Reasons!
MiniCheck: Efficient Fact-Checking of LLMs on Grounding Documents
Learning to Manipulate under Limited Information
README: Bridging Medical Jargon and Lay Understanding for Patient Education through Data-Centric NLP
Building a Personalized Chatbot with a 3D Twist: A Developer's Journey
LaDiC: Are Diffusion Models Really Inferior to Autoregressive Counterparts for Image-to-Text Generation?
PeFoMed: Parameter Efficient Fine-tuning of Multimodal Large Language Models for Medical Imaging
Construction of Domain-specified Japanese Large Language Model for Finance through Continual Pre-training
Unveiling the Misuse Potential of Base Large Language Models via In-Context Learning
OpenAI Now Eyeing an Office in New York
Learn to Refuse: Making Large Language Models More Controllable and Reliable through Knowledge Scope Limitation and Refusal Mechanism
The future of AI/ML data centers is going to be 100's, even 1000's of servers running like one giant accelerator [D]
'Staged' Generative AI Releases Raise Concerns over AI's Future
White Men Lead, Black Women Help: Uncovering Gender, Racial, and Intersectional Bias in Language Agency
18 Top Websites for Free HTML Templates: Your Ultimate Resource Guide
Chinchilla Scaling: A replication attempt
Meet OSWorld: Revolutionizing Autonomous Agent Development with Real-World Computer Environments
ASML reports Q1 net sales down 21.6% YoY to &euro;5.29B v. &euro;5.39B est., net income down 37.4% YoY to of &euro;1.22B v. &euro;1.07B est., and net bookings down 4% YoY to &euro;3.6B (Arjun Kharpal/CNBC)
A Sentiment Analysis of Medical Text Based on Deep Learning
Symbolic Chain-of-Thought Distillation: Small Models Can Also  Think  Step-by-Step
Linguistic Analysis using Paninian System of Sounds and Finite State Machines
Dual Modalities of Text: Visual and Textual Generative Pre-training
Logitech wants you to press its new AI button
Recruiters are Turning Job Offers into AI Training Grounds on LinkedIn
Zendesk Launches Autonomous AI Agents For Workflow Automation
ASML Orders Miss Estimates as Demand for Advanced Machines Slips
Near-Term Advances in Quantum Natural Language Processing
Trying to win the AI war is going to be expensive. Really, really expensive.
Microsoft invests $1.5 Billion in Abu Dhabi's G42
Korean Startup Raises $72M to Build Custom Large Language Models
Deloitte Partners with Yotta to Accelerate GenAI Adoption in India
Core Solutions launches Symptom Tracking AI
Meta's Oversight Board to Investigate Two Cases of Explicit AI Images
Intel Builds Largest Neuromorphic System for Sustainable AI
Unlocking Networking Potential With Generative AI
Deloitte Inaugurates 4th Office in Bengaluru
National Security Agency Releases Guidance for Securely Implementing AI Systems
First safety benchmark released for LLMs, assesses problematic output
Devaluing content created by AI is lazy and ignores history
Surfing the AI Wave  : Why You Gotta Use AI Tools in Your Daily Life!
Microsoft's AI Copilot Is Starting to Automate the Coding Industry
Amazon Bedrock Expands AI Portfolio with Anthropic's Groundbreaking Claude 3 Series
Python for Loop - A Beginner's Guide
The Role and Impact of the Chief AI Officer (CAIO) in Modern Business
The State of Data Engineering in India: 2024
SAS Viya and the pursuit of trustworthy AI
Kyndryl opens new office in Bengaluru, third in the city
Presentation: Generative AI: Shaping a New Future for Fraud Prevention
[D] What comes first, math, or algorithm in research?
Keyboards will Soon Become Obsolete
Snap plans to add watermarks to images created with its AI-powered tools
How to Build a RAG Chat App With Agent Cloud and BigQuery
PYTHON FUNCTIONS
How India Will Continue to be AI's Wild West
Indian PM's 25-year roadmap laid out with help from AI
Implementing Responsive Images in React with the  Element
OpenAI's GPT-4 can exploit real vulnerabilities by reading security advisories
Reka Unleashes Reka Core: The Next Generation of Multimodal Language Model Across Text, Image, and Video
AI  deathbots  are helping people in China grieve
Wayve AI Introduces LINGO-2, Making Driving Easy with Natural Language
How To Create An AI Chatbot with Google GEMINI using Node.js
Top Computer Vision Generative Models in 2024
Intel's deeptech accelerator announces its seventh cohort
AI can't beat my composite sketches, says record-breaking police artist
How RRR's success brought a wave of Telugu-language movies to Netflix
AMD announces new Ryzen CPUs with better AI performance
The media industry is dying   but I can still get paid to train AI to replace me | Arwa Mahdawi
Researchers from UNC-Chapel Hill Introduce CTRL-Adapter: An Efficient and Versatile AI Framework for Adapting Diverse Controls to Any Diffusion Model
How One Author Pushed the Limits of AI Copyright
Adobe just teased game-changing new AI tools for Premiere Pro
How a New AI Model Helps Volcanic History Rise from the Ashes
HTML Skype calls and chats
CSS SPECIFICITY?
Salesforce-Informatica Deal Could Transform Enterprise GenAI Forever
Arlington, VA: Emerging as a New Powerhouse in AI Innovation
From garage to global: new program fast-tracks Ukrainian defence startups
Dataset Reset Policy Optimization (DR-PO): A Machine Learning Algorithm that Exploits a Generative Model's Ability to Reset from Offline Data to Enhance RLHF from Preference-based Feedback
Menteebot is a human-sized AI robot that you command with natural language
Why are AI-Powered Google Searches Promoting Malware?
Bellwether, a new group inside Alphabet's X innovation lab, plans to offer AI tools to the US National Guard to analyze images of disaster areas in summer 2024 (Gerrit De Vynck/Washington Post)
Meet Zamba-7B: Zyphra's Novel AI Model That's Small in Size and Big on Performance
Beyond Search Engines: The Rise of LLM-Powered Web Browsing Agents
LLM Systems Will Soon Have Infinite Context Length
The 4 Hats of a Full-Stack Data Scientist
Intel, RedHat, and others join hands for Open Platform for Enterprise AI
Google DeepMind Advances in Low-Cost Robots with ALOHA 2 fleet
China Is Still ASML's Top Market Despite US Chip Equipment Curbs
ASML reports China represented 49% of its system sales in Q1, while sales from Taiwan more than halved and the US dropped five percentage points to 6% (Sarah Jacob/Bloomberg)
Build an AI Code Translator (and Optimizer) Using ToolJet and OpenAI
Advanced Retriever Techniques to Improve Your RAGs
Zero-shot Building Age Classification from Facade Image Using GPT-4
Kamal Ahluwalia, Ikigai Labs: How to take your business to the next level with generative AI
Pushing RL Boundaries: Integrating Foundational Models, e.g.
Applying Agile Techniques to AI: Lessons from Amazon Fresh
Bring Your Images to Life : A Guide to Python-Based ASCII Art
LinkedIn tests Premium Company Pages, with AI and marketing tools to grow audiences
HTML CSS JavaScript, Bootstrap, SAAS etc Frontend Developer
Thoughtworks' VP of Data and AI Shares Insights for Building a Robust Data Product at QCon London
Announcing General Availability of Next-Generation Lakeview Dashboards
What is forwardRef in React and how to use it properly?
How AI in Business is Revolutionized by Data Intelligence
Google Maps will use AI to help you find out-of-the-way EV chargers
Cybernetix Ventures and PRN strategically partner
Reka AI Unveils Multimodal Models Rivaling GPT-4 and Claude
Sam Altman explains why OpenAI might steamroll your AI startup
BigPanda launches generative AI tool designed specifically for ITOps
Snap is adding a watermark to AI-generated images
[D] Likes the math hates the programming
Ibuprofeno.py | #83: Explica este cdigo Python
Snap plans to add watermarks to AI-generated images on Snapchat; watermarks appear as a translucent version of the Snap logo with a sparkle emoji (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
What Are Python 'Sets' and How Do You Use Them?
Logitech adds programmable ChatGPT shortcuts to its mice and keyboards
Lina Khan, Steve Case & more join StrictlyVC in Washington, D.C.
AI System Can Detects Parkinson's Disease from Brain Waves, Study Finds
How to Change Back to Google Assistant After Switching to Gemini
Google announces new features to help you make sustainable commuting decisions
Neura Robotics and OMRON announced strategic partnership
Quora's Poe Eats Google's Lunch
Google's new Maps and Search features address major pain points for EV owners
INFINI Attention explained: 1 Mio Context Length
Should You Be an AI Entrepreneur? (Or Play it Safe in Big Tech?)
Gimmick or Future? Limitless AI Pendant
Jamie Dimon Has a New Vision for Money in an AI World
EV charging update in Google Maps includes  AI-powered  station info
Build a Command-Line App with Python in 7 Easy Steps
Stunning HTML & CSS Card Animation Tutorial on Hover
Los Alamos' Nvidia-powered Venado supercomputer trades accuracy for efficiency with AI workloads
Web3 wellness ring lets users own their health data   and wear it too
Generative AI Surge in Asia, Oceania Fueled by Local Solutions
AI Can Transform the Classroom Just Like the Calculator
Beyond the mud: Datasets, benchmarks, and methods for computer vision in off-road racing
Power-hungry AI is putting the hurt on global electricity supply
Having ChatGPT experience could trump a college degree, nearly half the business leaders in a survey said
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/16/2024
AI Computing Is on Pace to Consume More Energy Than India, Arm Says
Stability AI makes Stable Diffusion 3 available to developers via an API and a new Stable Assistant Beta content creation platform; the model remains in preview (The Verge)
We Apologize for Showing You This Sex Toy That Talks Dirty When It's Touched
ASUS ROG Zephyrus G16 (2024) review: Not just for gamers
AMD unveils new Ryzen Pro 8000 processors for AI PCs
Giskard: LLM-Assisted Automated Red Teaming
Brave Search is adopting AI to answer your queries
Samsung aims to boost on-device AI with LPDDR5X DRAM
Boston Dynamics unveils all-electric Atlas humanoid robot
Snap wants to help you identify Snapchat's AI-generated images using watermarks
Working with Template Engines (e.g., EJS, Pug) in Express.js
Stability AI is giving more developers access to its next-gen text-to-image generator
a16z-backed Rewind pivots to build AI-powered pendant to record your conversations
DoP Deep: AI product strategies compared
Research Focus: Week of April 15, 2024
How to Use 12 Magic Words to Command ChatGPT to Render Markdown
You Probably Lose a Part of Your Potential Audience for Your Online Courses
Introduction to Linear Regression Using Spreadsheets with Real Estate Data
Epic Next JS 14 Tutorial Part 7: Next.js and Strapi CRUD Permissions
Tech Worker Salary Growth in Australia Has Normalised
China still ASML's biggest market, but falling sales cause drop in profit
Sandia National Lab takes delivery of Intel's latest brain in a box
Microsoft's $13 Billion OpenAI Deal to Avoid Formal EU Probe
Sources: the EU has decided that Microsoft's OpenAI deal doesn't merit a formal probe because it falls short of a takeover and Microsoft doesn't control OpenAI (Samuel Stolton/Bloomberg)
NeuBird is building a generative AI solution for complex cloud native environments
Amazon insists Just Walk Out isn't secretly run by workers watching you shop
Live selling startup CommentSold uses AI to generate shoppable, social-ready clips
Google's new features can help you make more sustainable travel decisions. Here's how
Intel Develops Largest Neuromorphic System for Eco-Friendly AI Advancements
Succeeding where NASDAQ fails
This adorable motion-tracking camera is my go-to indoor security and pet camera
Embracing Generative AI and Large Language Models in Senior Care
Mixtral 8x22B - Cheaper, Better, Faster, Stronger
Stable Diffusion 3 available via API, open-weights release coming soon
I made 5 LLMs battle Pokemon this time. Claude Opus was slower but smarter than its competitors.
YoloV9 TensorRT C++ Implementation (YoloV9 shown on top, YoloV8 shown on bottom).
Peter Thiel says AI will be 'worse' for math nerds than for writers
Samsung introduces the fastest LPDDR5X DRAM in the industry, up to 10.7Gbps
Old Movies Are Being Enhanced With AI Tools and Not Everyone is Happy
Boston Dynamics Unveils New 'Electric Atlas' Humanoid with Rotatable Head and Torso
Convo AI: A free and easy way to use AI models
Q&A: Legal implications of generative artificial intelligence
One of my favorite AI-powered Eufy robot vacuum and mops is $300 off with this deal
Google will pump more than $100B into AI says DeepMind boss
Join us for the Coze AI Bot Challenge: $3,000 in Prizes!
X's AI bot is so dumb it can't tell the difference between a bad game and vandalism
You know Gen AI != You know Deep Learning
[D] In cross-attention, why is Q taken from decoder, and K taken from the encoders output respectively?
National Guard will use Google's AI for faster disaster response and recovery
Word embedding - contextualised vs word2vec [D]
The All New Atlas Robot From Boston Dynamics
How can i get real time data analysis using chat-gpt?
Stop  reinventing  everything to solve alignment
How to Generate Stylish PDFs and Images with Tailwind CSS in Your Application
The Linux Foundation and tech giants partner on open-source generative AI enterprise tools
The Information's Readers Prefer Biden to Trump for Tech
OpenAI and Meta Poised to Produce AI Models Capable of Reasoning and Planning
After Forbes found 120+ YouTube videos and 27 Google ads promoting AI deepfake porn tools and  nudifier  Telegram bots, the company took them down (Thomas Brewster/Forbes)
[D] How does visual embedding coexist with language embedding space in Vision Language Model?
The AI Expo Hall and Other Ways to Attend ODSC East 2024 for Free
Microsoft Announces New AI Hub in London
Feature Engineering with Microsoft Fabric and Dataflow Gen2
Python's MAP/FILTER/REDUCE: Streamlining Data Manipulation in Seconds
CourseBot - Coze AI Bot Challenge
Use Amazon Titan Text Model with Lambda (Exploring   Generative AI on AWS)
How Humane can fix the AI Pin (before it's too late)
Researchers use machine learning to create a fabric-based touch sensor
Don't blame MKBHD for the fate of Humane AI and Fisker
Callbacks and Pipeline structures in LangChain
Mistral's Mixtral 8x22B sets new records for open source LLMs
Unlocking the Full Potential of Generative AI for Enterprise Analytics
Colorado Bill Aims to Protect Consumer Brain Data
Snapchat to Watermark AI-Generated Images
Quoting Molly White
AI Music Apps Will Eat The World
Exploring causality in Python. Difference-in-differences
Elon Musk's Pay Package | Bloomberg Technology
Leveraging Python's Built-In Decorator for Improved Performance
New framework may solve mode collapse in generative adversarial network
Intel reveals world's biggest 'brain-inspired' neuromorphic computer
[D] Best NLP encoders (BERT...) for NER with very low data finetuning ?
How to Grow Your Career Without Feeling Stuck
Can AI  Fix  Climate Change? Perspective of a Data Nerd
The Atlas Robot Is Dead. Long Live the Atlas Robot
Intel, VMWare, Linux Foundation & Others Form Open Platform for Enterprise AI
Pixel-Perfect Positions - New CSS Feature  Anchor Positioning
Psst, hey. It's the NSA. You want some AI security advice?
Hollywood Talent Agency CAA Tests AI Clones
UK Mulls New Curbs on Outbound Investment Over Security Risks
AI for Data Journalism: demonstrating what we can do with this stuff right now
How do we know if AI is smoke and mirrors?
OpenAI's Assistants API gets major update with improved file search, vector storage, and more
Advancing Medical Image Decoding with GPU-Accelerated nvImageCodec
Top Startups Launches of the Day: Draftboard; Ramen.Tools; Seomaker; Soju; AltTunes;
Meta's Llama 2 LLM is still prone to hallucinations and other severe security vulnerabilities
Navigating HIPAA Compliance in the Age of AI: Privacy and Security Considerations in Healthcare
Feds appoint  AI doomer  to run US AI safety institute
Alphabet X's Bellwether harnesses AI to help predict natural disasters
Novel robotic training program reduces physician errors placing central lines
Spectra Logic Ups the Ante in Tape Storage
Colorado Governor Jared Polis signs a bill that, for the first time in the US, expands the state's personal privacy law to include consumer  neural data  (Jonathan Moens/New York Times)
OpenAI's Assistants API gets a boost
Fiches emploi Nouvelle-Caldonie et codes ROME
[R] RuleOpt: Optimization-Based Rule Learning for Classification
CEOs Suddenly Fear AI Will Take Their Jobs Too
[D] Is there a way to determine if the representations a model learns are spherical or hyperbolic?
Accurate, Safe and Governed: How to Move GenAI from POC to Production
Quoting Alex Albert (Anthropic)
[D] LSTM Time Series Forecasting
mistralai/mistral-common
Job hunt update.
The US NIST appoints as head of AI safety former OpenAI researcher Paul Christiano, who has been criticized for  AI doomer  views and ties to effective altruism (Ashley Belanger/Ars Technica)
Selenium and AI: UI Validations with AI
This AI Paper Explores the Fundamental Aspects of Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF): Aiming to Clarify its Mechanisms and Limitations
Sandia National Lab takes delivery of Intel's latest neuromorphic brain-in-a-box
80% of AI decision makers are worried about data privacy and security
[N] Feds appoint  AI doomer  to run US AI safety institute
What the Heck Is GPTScript?
SAS aims to make AI accessible regardless of skill set with packaged AI models
How To Create a Table in HTML and CSS with Code Examples
Google AI Proposes TransformerFAM: A Novel Transformer Architecture that Leverages a Feedback Loop to Enable the Neural Network to Attend to Its Latent Representations
Google Announces Agent Builder, Expanded Gemini 1.5, Open-Source Additions
Brave Search: Answer with AI takes over, but you can turn it off
Microsoft Unveils VASA-1, Creating DeepFake Videos with a Single Image
Unlocking Bias Detection: Leveraging Transformer-Based Models for Content Analysis
Predicting Emergent Abilities with Infinite Resolution Evaluation
Orbital Polarimetric Tomography of a Flare Near the Sagittarius A* Supermassive Black Hole
Researchers from KAUST and Sony AI Propose FedP3: A Machine Learning-based Solution Designed to Tackle both Data and Model Heterogeneities while Prioritizing Privacy
Indian Govt Deal with Nvidia Post-Elections Likely: Reports
How Prevalent is Gender Bias in ChatGPT? -- Exploring German and English ChatGPT Responses
Evaluating Correctness and Faithfulness of Instruction-Following Models for Question Answering
Evaluating the Robustness of Machine Reading Comprehension Models to Low Resource Entity Renaming
Solving morphological analogies: from retrieval to generation
Research on emotionally intelligent dialogue generation based on automatic dialogue system
Stepwise Alignment for Constrained Language Model Policy Optimization
Getting on board with AI
[R] [2404.10667] VASA-1: Lifelike Audio-Driven Talking Faces Generated in Real Time
[P] Training a VQGAN but GAN loss keeps going up
A Survey on Prompting Techniques in LLMs
Day 2 of 30 of JavaScript
Enabling On-Device Large Language Model Personalization with Self-Supervised Data Selection and Synthesis
PM Narendra Modi 'Ejected' From Indian Government, Says Elon Musk's Grok
Unifying Bias and Unfairness in Information Retrieval: A Survey of Challenges and Opportunities with Large Language Models
Bridging the Gap: Learning Pace Synchronization for Open-World Semi-Supervised Learning
GenFighter: A Generative and Evolutive Textual Attack Removal
Millions of AI-Powered Chinese EVs Could be Running on Indian Streets Soon
Next-Gen Cybersecurity: AI-Driven Phishing Awareness Strategies
An experiment with LLMs: the tools are helpful in mundane ways but you can't build a hundred-billion-dollar industry around a technology that's kind of useful (Molly White/Citation Needed)
Google Cloud Announces Vertex AI Agent Builder: Empowering Developers to Quickly Build and Launch AI Tools
oneZero integrates New Change FX benchmark data feeds into its analytics suite
R Highcharts Drilldown   How to Create Animated and Interactive Drilldown Charts in R
EVJVQA Challenge: Multilingual Visual Question Answering
A Text Classification Framework for Simple and Effective Early Depression Detection Over Social Media Streams
Visualising the 1800s or designing wedding invitations: 6 ways you can use AI beyond generating text
TSMC Outlook Beats Estimates as AI Demand Helps Propel Business
ML-Bench: Evaluating Large Language Models for Code Generation in Repository-Level Machine Learning Tasks
Meet This New AI Research Startup That is Proposing a New Technique Based on Symbolic Models for Building AI
Meta AI Introducing the Language Model Transparency Tool: An Open-Source Interactive Toolkit for Analyzing Transformer-based Language Models
Qilin-Med: Multi-stage Knowledge Injection Advanced Medical Large Language Model
CPL-NoViD: Context-Aware Prompt-based Learning for Norm Violation Detection in Online Communities
Jina AI Introduces Reader API that Converts Any URL to an LLM-Friendly Input with a Simple Prefix
The Landscape of Emerging AI Agent Architectures for Reasoning, Planning, and Tool Calling: A Survey
Can Large Language Models Infer Causation from Correlation?
Lighthouse's new antitrust practice & related technology offerings
DFI Presents Next-Gen Embedded Computing Solutions at Japan IT Week 2024
Assessing Logical Puzzle Solving in Large Language Models: Insights from a Minesweeper Case Study
Future is Limitless
How one author gained a limited copyright for the  selection, coordination, and arrangement of text  from AI, as the US Copyright Office wrestles with AI law (Kate Knibbs/Wired)
DataLike: Interview with T jmd f nj
KMDS, a package for knowledge managment in data science
Cross-Platform Hate Speech Detection with Weakly Supervised Causal Disentanglement
IgniteTech integrates AI Features Across Enterprise Software Portfolio
Tech Turmoil: AI's Aggression on Jobs and the Digital Frontier
Cisco Unveils Hypershield to Secure AI-Powered Data Centers
Pega Introduces GenAI Coach to Enhance User Performance
Retrieval-Augmented Generation: Using your Data with LLMs
Attention Satisfies: A Constraint-Satisfaction Lens on Factual Errors of Language Models
Gender-specific Machine Translation with Large Language Models
Poe introduces multi-bot chat to its platform
Machine Learning
ChatGPT for IT Workers (short Udemy course review)
Strings from the Library of Babel: Random Sampling as a Strong Baseline for Prompt Optimisation
KDAS: Knowledge Distillation via Attention Supervision Framework for Polyp Segmentation
This paper from Google DeepMind Provides an Overview of Synthetic Data Research, Discussing Its Applications, Challenges, and Future Directions
Senate Democrats urge crackdown on autonomous vehicles and driver assist
TSMC reports Q1 revenue up 16.5% YoY to NT$592.64B ($18.87B) vs. NT$582.94B est., profit up 8.9% YoY to NT$225.49B vs. NT$213.59B est., on strong AI chip demand (Sheila Chiang/CNBC)
Formal Aspects of Language Modeling
Heard on the Street   4/18/2024
This AI Paper Introduces Pipeline Forward-Forward Algorithm (PFF): A Novel Machine Learning Approach to Training Distributed Neural Networks using Forward-Forward Algorithm
Slack AI now available to all paid customers. Here's what these features can do for your team
Why Data Pipeline is Important for High ROI AI Products
AI PCs are here but a killer application for biz users? Nope
An interview with Reddit Chief Product Officer Pali Bhat on the company's roadmap: faster load times, new moderator and developer tools, and AI translation (Amanda Silberling/TechCrunch)
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) in Machine Learning Explained
80% of people think deepfakes will impact elections. Here are three ways you can prepare
Everyday AI Tools
Hugging Face Open Source Idefics2, 8B Multimodal Model
Live CEOing Ep 785: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [=, Binomial, and More]
*NEVER*  Believe ANYTHING You see! (Microsoft VASA-1)
KaleidEO Achieves Milestone in Earth Observation Payload Development
ChatGPT is a squeeze away with Nothing's upgraded earbuds
OpenAI winds down AI image generator that blew minds and forged friendships in 2022
Save $165 on This Speech to Text Toolkit
Best Animation Generator Tools
Hugging Face Researchers Introduce Idefics2: A Powerful 8B Vision-Language Model Elevating Multimodal AI Through Advanced OCR and Native Resolution Techniques
Quantization, Linear Regression, and Hardware for AI: Our Best Recent Deep Dives
The Real-Time Deepfake Romance Scams Have Arrived
Eye On AI: Microsoft's G42 Deal Could Bring More AI Money, Tech To UAE
Stability AI announces layoffs following CEO departure, say sources
Feds appoint  AI doomer  to run AI safety at US institute
Automation Anywhere Wants to Augment Humans with AI, Not Replace Them
ChatGPT is coming to Nothing's earbuds
Where Artificial Intelligence Is Making a Difference in Healthcare
Edge 388: Google DeepMind's SIMA can Follow Language Instructions in 3D Games Just Like Humans
E-Commerce Tailwind HTML Website Template-Freshcart
What Philosopher Ibn Sina Can Teach Us about AI
Digital Clone: Your AI Doppelganger Could Soon Attend Your Meetings
Morgan Stanley Flips From EBay's Biggest Bear to Top Bull on AI
Nanny Care Companion - First shop-stop for parents and those who are expecting
Logitech thinks the computer mouse needs an AI upgrade
Era of Hyper-Real AI Videos is here
Infosys Feels Good About Its Work with Generative AI
Cisco reimagines Security for Data Centers and Clouds in Era of AI
Get University Level Certified for Next to Nothing
AI Platforms will Control What Everybody Sees: Meta's AI Chief Yann LeCun
How To Use AI Developer Tools In 2024
Nvidia's R&D Expenditure Record a 73% Jump in Just 5 Years
An Overview and Brief Explanation of Direct Preference Optimization (DPO)
AI chatbots refuse to produce 'controversial' output - why that's a free speech problem
Ola Krutrim to Launch AI Cloud Next Week
[D] Reproducing and Comparing Models from Research - Best Practices?
4 in 10 translators are losing work to AI. They want remuneration from devs
CLAE: Multipurpose Chat Bot
What are human values, and how do we align AI to them?
UAE Denies Rumors That Cloud Seeding Caused Record-Breaking Flooding
Slack rolls out its AI tools to all paying customers
Nothing unveils the $149 Nothing Ear and $99 Nothing Ear (a), offering improved sound, personalization, and battery life; Nothing plans to integrate ChatGPT (Chris Welch/The Verge)
AI could help the US be less terrible at recycling
Infosys Acquires German R&D Services Provider, in-tech
Intel builds Largest Neuromorphic System to Enable More Sustainable AI
The Rise of AI Software Engineers: SWE-Agent, Devin AI and the Future of Coding
Admin alert: Copilot app lands on Windows Server 2022
LoReFT:  Representation Finetuning for Language Models
What kind of language is R
How Bias Will Kill Your AI/ML Strategy and What to Do About It
Dell Unveils High-performance APEX File Storage for Microsoft Azure Customers
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/17/2024
Author granted copyright over book with AI-generated text with a twist
Adobe's Express content creation app is now generally available on mobile, for free
What is Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)?
Slack's AI principles, RIP Alexa Skills and a new use case for your data
Devin AI: Will Devin AI Replace Software Engineers?
Google will invest more than $100 billion in AI, DeepMind founder says
US Air Force confirms first successful AI dogfight
7 Steps to Mastering MLOPs
Rolling your own CAPTCHA solution
Adobe Brings Creative, AI-Powered Express App to the Palm of Your Hand
Understanding AI outputs: study shows pro-western cultural bias in the way AI decisions are explained
Complex List Comprehensions Can Be Readable!
Amazon Is Taking Spammers' Money to Serve Ads for AI-Generated Books on Kindle Lock Screens
Pandas y pitones
Tracking Custom Metrics in Python with AppSignal
Intel Foundry completes the assembly of the first commercial High-NA EUV chipmaking tool, a day after ASML set an EUV system record by printing 10nm dense lines (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
AI in healthcare: Real-world applications for cost-savings and innovation
A Data Analysis Project- Amazon Prime Video Userbase & Their Usage Analysis.
Draw a dynamic SVG pattern with Vue
System requirements for Windows 11  AI Explorer  leaked, could be exclusive to Arm devices
GPT-4 performed close to the level of expert doctors in eye assessments
Infinite Context Window?!
Uber, Nvidia-backed Serve Robotics hits public markets with $40M splash
Integrating Real-Time and Historical Data Enhances Decision-Making
Mixtral 8x22B sets new benchmark for open models
Devika - docker
Will.i.am Funds AI Powered Music App That Generates Songs From Texts
Airbnb Open-Sources its ML Feature Platform Chronon
Colorado enacted a law meant to stop tech companies sharing your brain-wave data
Ibuprofeno.py | #84: Explica este cdigo Python
Using sim-to-real reinforcement learning to train robots to do simple tasks in broad environments
Why Command R+ is Much Better Than Mistral Large and Offers the Same Level of Performance as.
Generate Data Insights in No Time using AI
AI Education Threat
OpenAI Will Close its First AI Image Generator DALL-E 2
US Air Force successfully tests AI-controlled fighter jets in simulated dogfights
Why GPT-4 Data Isn't As Reliable As You Think
Sloan's Inbox: Pursuing passion or practicality?
Meta Llama 3 Now Available on Microsoft Azure
Cool. Government Funded Robots. Now highly functional.
How to build a custom GPT: Step-by-step tutorial
Scikit-Learn Hello World with Docker Init
[D] Training model on tabular data resulting in high loss
Google is combining its Android and hardware teams   and it's all about AI
Intel, Dell-backed Startup Raises $250M to Build AI Chips
Machine Learning in the cookie-less era with Uri Goren
Nothing Becomes the First Smartphone Company to Integrate OpenAI's ChatGPT
Google unveils internal reorganizations, including an AI-focused Platforms and Devices group overseeing Pixel, Android, Chrome, and more, led by Rick Osterloh (David Pierce/The Verge)
Stability AI lays off roughly 10 percent of its workforce
How Microsoft's new model turns audio into a realistic talking head
Cisco's Plan for Keeping AI Systems Safe From Attack: Using AI
Microsoft-backed OpenAI Expands, Opens Tokyo Office
Roteiro Altamente Subjetivo para Desenvolvimento com Flutter
Nothing's new Ear (a) earbuds are up for pre-order, ChatGPT integration incoming
Cryptography Tricks Make a Hard Problem a Little Easier
GenAI and LLMs: Insights from TikTok and KPMG
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #20
Jeff Bezos Launches $100M AI Challenge for Climate, Nature Initiatives
A24 Under Fire for Seemingly AI Generated Civil War Ads
Charting New Territories: Navigating Deep Learning and Machine Learning in GIS Solutions.
What If Your AI Girlfriend Hated You?
Meta details Llama 3: 8B or 70B parameters and a focus on reducing false refusals; an upcoming large Llama 3 model trained on 15T tokens and has 400B parameters (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Meta adds its AI chatbot, powered by Llama 3, to the search bar across its apps
Meta plans to add its Meta AI chatbot to Instagram, WhatsApp, Messenger, and Facebook in 12+ countries, expanding on the US, powered by its new Llama 3 models (New York Times)
Transcribe audio with Ruby using Universal-1
Meta AI
Microsoft's VASA-1 generates lifelike avatars in real-time
Meta rolls out an updated AI assistant, built with the long-awaited Llama 3
Meta Releases Llama 3, Beats Claude 3 Sonnet and Gemini Pro 1.5
Simplifying CSS: Understanding Specificity, Cascade, and Selectors
Judicial AI: A Legal Framework to Manage AI Risks
Cost-Effective Cloud Data Lakes, 10 Must-Read AI Books, and the Free ODSC East Open Pass
TrueFoundry Releases Cognita: An Open-Source RAG Framework for Building Modular and Production-Ready Applications
Adding Liquibase plugin into Apache Maven managed project
XiFin's tech advances, expansion, advocacy fuel strong momentum
New Wasm Project Brings Web Components to Backend Languages
Finally, the Wait is Over: Meta Unveils Llama 3, Pioneering a New Era in Open Source AI
Can generative AI really only get better from here? It's complicated
SAMMO: A general-purpose framework for prompt optimization
Meta Debuts Llama 3, Latest AI Model for Training Chatbots
Run Meta Llama 3 with an API
Meta's battle with ChatGPT begins now
Meta releases Llama 3, claims it's among the best open models available
A24 Admits Those Ads for  Civil War  Were AI-Generated
UK Is Falling Behind US in the Race for AI, BOE's Haskel Says
NeuReality launched Developer Portal for NR1 Inference Platform
How Do You Choose the Best Server, CPU, and GPU for Your AI?
LLMs Aligned! But to What End?
Meta, in Its Biggest A.I. Push, Places Smart Assistants Across Its Apps
[D] Product evaluations is one of the most under-discussed topics
Building Enterprise GenAI Apps with Meta Llama 3 on Databricks
Visualizing the 1800s or designing wedding invitations: Six ways you can use AI beyond generating text
AI-Driven Power Demand Is Set to Jump 900% in Chicago Area, Exelon CEO Says
Meta's AI Is Telling Users It Has a Child
Researchers perform critical literature review on fairness and AI in the labor market
Meta's new open-source Llama 3 beats Google's Gemini 1.5
OpenAI's GPT-4 can diagnose eye problems and suggest treatments like your doctor
InstaHeadshots Review: The Most Realistic AI Headshots?
AI-Generated Trailer for James Bond Starring Henry Cavill Gets 2.5 Million Views
Collection of Hands-on Exercises to Get Started with Apache Iceberg
LLM: Data Prep 101
Oracle and Reka collaborate to advance AI Innovation
Advanced RAG with guided generation
Mark Zuckerberg announces 'big AI news'
[N] Meta releases Llama 3
[R] InternVL v1.5 open sourced, ranking first in OpenCompass multi-modal benchmark
Will AI be our next gen?
Viam, KUKA to accelerate digital solutions in robotics & automation
How To Change the Text Font in an Image Using Computer Vision Techniques
Meta is adding real-time AI image generation to WhatsApp
Intel Announces Hala Point   World's Largest Neuromorphic System for Sustainable AI
How big of a jump is it from Data Scientist to ML Engineer?
A new wave of wearable devices will harvest a mountain of personal data
WIP Llama 3: Scaling open LLMs
This is How You Build AI Apps Using the RAG Framework in 5 Minutes!
Meta rolls out real-time AI image generation, which changes the image as the user types a prompt, in beta on WhatsApp and Meta AI on the web in the US (Emma Roth/The Verge)
DARPA Tests AI Dogfighting (But Won't Say If the Human Pilot or Computer Won)
10 Best AI Business Plan Generators (April 2024)
Meta Llama 3
Meta's newest AI model beats some peers. But its amped-up AI agents are confusing Facebook users
How to store Data with shared Preference in Flutter
New major crosses disciplines to address climate change
Stability AI Lays Off 10% Of Staff   Report
DARPA reveals that an AI-controlled X-62A jet successfully faced a human pilot in an F-16 during an in-air dogfight test carried out in 2023 (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Big Tech can't hoard brainwave data for ad targeting, Colorado law says
The Humane AI Pin is lost in translation
These earbuds are the first equipped with ChatGPT, and they're cheaper than you think
New Meta AI is Meta's attack on Google Search and ChatGPT
Meta steps up AI battle with OpenAI and Google with release of Llama 3
AI for GitHub Collaboration? Maybe Not So Much
Advancing technology for aquaculture
Introducing Meta Llama 3
Data Science is fun!
How to Build a Responsive Navigation Menu with HTML and CSS
How Meta's Llama 3 will be integrated into its AI assistant
Using deep learning to image the Earth's planetary boundary layer
New Standard for Speech Recognition and Translation from the NVIDIA NeMo Canary Model
Brave search engine adds privacy-focused AI - no Google or Bing needed
Create an AI-Driven Movie Quiz with Gemini LLM, Python, FastAPI, Pydantic, RAG and more
IIoT Security: 5 Essential Steps to Secure your IoT Devices and OS
Meta claims both Llama 3 models beat similarly sized models like Gemini, Mistral, and Claude 3 on certain benchmarks; humans marked Llama 3 higher than GPT-3.5 (Emilia David/The Verge)
Basic Terms in Machine Learning (Model Training)
What a seminal economics paper tells us about the future of creativity
Google Consolidates Teams With Aim to Create AI Products Faster
Turbocharge ASR Accuracy and Speed with NVIDIA NeMo Parakeet-TDT
Pushing the Boundaries of Speech Recognition with NVIDIA NeMo Parakeet ASR Models
[D] Llama-3 (7B and 70B) on a medical domain benchmark
Humane Ai Pin: What went wrong and how it can be fixed (before it's too late)
Neural Speed: Fast Inference on CPU for 4-bit Large Language Models
Data Scientist: job preparation guide 2024
Mitigating the risks of AI misuse
Picsart Launches 'Smart Background' Editing for Product Photography
Meta says Llama 3 beats most other models, including Gemini
[R] Show Your Work with Confidence: Confidence Bands for Tuning Curves
Andrej Karpathy's Llama 3 review
Don't Crash Your App: Load Records from the Database in Batches for Better Performance
Navigating the Landscape of CLIP: Investigating Data, Architecture, and Training Strategies
Searching for the Next Big AI Breakthrough at the TED Conference
Rocket Game C++/QT/QML
Data Analysis 1: Scraping web pages
Team develops a way to teach a computer to type like a human
Llama 3 in [8B and 70B] sizes is out
Why Your AI Startup Should Hire a Head of AI Ethics on Day 1
Stability AI decimates staff just weeks after CEO's exit
Starfish Helps Tame the Wild West of Massive Unstructured Data
Maker of Stable Diffusion Conducts Mass Layoffs
LMEraser: A Novel Machine Unlearning Method for Large Models Ensuring Privacy and Efficiency
Google says it will consolidate teams that focus on building AI models across Research and DeepMind, and move its Responsible AI teams in Research to DeepMind (Zaheer Kachwala/Reuters)
Hugging Face releases a benchmark for testing generative AI on health tasks
Augmenting The Bank Complaints Data
LLMs keep leaping with Llama 3, Meta's newest open-weights AI model
AI Has Made Google Search So Bad People Are Moving to TikTok and Reddit
Recapping the AI, Machine Learning and Data Science Meetup   April 18, 2024
Google DeepMind Releases RecurrentGemma: One of the Strongest 2B-Parameter Open Language Models Designed for Fast Inference on Long Qequences
A Magia da Semntica no HTML
How to Read and Analyze GDAT Files Using Python
Combining Storytelling and Design for Unforgettable Presentations
Computer Vision Meetup: Towards Resource Efficient Robust Text-to-Image Generative Models
Computer Vision Meetup: GraphRAG with a Knowledge Graph
This AI Paper Explores the Theoretical Foundations and Applications of Diffusion Models in AI
Adobe Express Lets You Generate Some Truly Random Photos and Videos on Android and iOS
The Magic of Semantic on HTML
Q&A with Mark Zuckerberg on Llama 3, buying H100 GPUs for Reels, AGI, energy constraints, dangers of open source, the metaverse, Meta's custom silicon, and more (Dwarkesh Patel/Dwarkesh Podcast)
A Detailed AI Study on State Space Models: Their Benefits and Characteristics along with Experimental Comparisons
Exploring Hierarchical Blending in Target Encoding
Registro de Entidades en la DPE
Meta Introduces AI-Powered Smart Assistants Across Its Apps
How to Download Llama 3 Models (8 Easy Ways to access Llama-3)!!!!
God Of War AI Fan Art #godofwar #fanart #aiart
Stable Diffusion 3 - How to use it today! Easy Guide for ComfyUI
Llama 3 Is Here (And Seemingly Better Than Expected)
This new AI music generator is insanely good!
'Her' AI, Almost Here? Llama 3, Vasa-1, and Altman 'Plugging Into Everything You Want To Do'
Ruff v0.4.0: a hand-written recursive descent parser for Python
Using undocumented AWS APIs with Python
Evaluate anything you want | Creating advanced evaluators with LLMs
Internet users are getting younger; now the UK is weighing up if AI can help protect them
FecTek: Enhancing Term Weight in Lexicon-Based Retrieval with Feature Context and Term-level Knowledge
OpenAI Makes First India Hire in Bid to Shape Regulation Early
Google is combining its Android software and Pixel hardware divisions to more broadly integrate AI
Deep Learning Optimization Algorithms
Inside the AI 'revolution' powering Europe's autonomous vehicle startups
Advancing the Robustness of Large Language Models through Self-Denoised Smoothing
Mobile-Agent: Autonomous Multi-Modal Mobile Device Agent with Visual Perception
Can We Edit Multimodal Large Language Models?
GPT-5 Likely to be Released After the US Elections
SK Hynix Is Set to Surf AI Wave as Rivals Confirm Growing Demand
Sapiens announced the launch of IntegrateAI
Enhancing Suicide Risk Assessment: A Speech-Based Automated Approach in Emergency Medicine
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 08/04 to 14/04
Can We Catch the Elephant? The Evolvement of Hallucination Evaluation on Natural Language Generation: A Survey
MFE-NER: Multi-feature Fusion Embedding for Chinese Named Entity Recognition
Constituents Correspond to Word Sequence Patterns among Sentences with Equivalent Predicate-Argument Structures: Unsupervised Constituency Parsing by Span Matching
emrQA-msquad: A Medical Dataset Structured with the SQuAD V2.0 Framework, Enriched with emrQA Medical Information
Claim Check-Worthiness Detection: How Well do LLMs Grasp Annotation Guidelines?
Microsoft researchers introduce VASA-1, an AI model that creates a realistic talking face video from a portrait photo and an audio file, in research preview (Ryan Morrison/Tom's Guide)
UK unions publish AI bill to protect workers from 'risks and harms' of tech
Generative AI Jobs in India can Fetch You up to Rs 1 Crore
Exploring Boundaries and Intensities in Offensive and Hate Speech: Unveiling the Complex Spectrum of Social Media Discourse
Enhancing Embedding Performance through Large Language Model-based Text Enrichment and Rewriting
Hint-enhanced In-Context Learning wakes Large Language Models up for knowledge-intensive tasks
Stance Detection on Social Media with Fine-Tuned Large Language Models
No Link Too Tenuous for Retail Traders in China AI Gold Rush
Megalodon: A Deep Learning Architecture for Efficient Sequence Modeling with Unlimited Context Length
Converge Technology Solutions' GenAI partnership with Forum Systems
Resilience through Scene Context in Visual Referring Expression Generation
Realtime talking heads. Incredible!
Vesper: A Compact and Effective Pretrained Model for Speech Emotion Recognition
State Scope with Providers - Next.js with Jotai
Happiest Minds Technologies Acquires Macmillan Learning India, Expands Edutech Reach
Large Language Models in Targeted Sentiment Analysis
Value Approximation for Two-Player General-Sum Differential Games with State Constraints
Low-resolution Prior Equilibrium Network for CT Reconstruction
Elon Musk Set to Meet Indian Spacetech Startups During Upcoming Visit
Knowledgeable Preference Alignment for LLMs in Domain-specific Question Answering
KTRL+F: Knowledge-Augmented In-Document Search
Meta Unveils Llama 3, the Most Powerful Open Source Model Yet
Self-Polish: Enhance Reasoning in Large Language Models via Problem Refinement
zoomcamp data engineering project - part 1
Augmenting emotion features in irony detection with Large language modeling
Introducing v0.5 of the AI Safety Benchmark from MLCommons
RAGAR, Your Falsehood RADAR: RAG-Augmented Reasoning for Political Fact-Checking using Multimodal Large Language Models
create-tsi: A Generative AI RAG Toolkit that Generates AI Applications using LlamaIndex with Low Code
My First DEV Challenge v24.03.20, Glam Up My Markup: Camp Activities_
zoomcamp data engineering project - part 4
What is up with Nick Bostrom not being more prominent after the recent AI popularity?
AI Safety Benchmark for Evaluating Language Model Risks Unveiled
Reuse Your Rewards: Reward Model Transfer for Zero-Shot Cross-Lingual Alignment
Mark Zuckerberg is bringing out the chains and leaning hard into his version of mob chic
Oracle scores big win with Fujitsu Japan for its Alloy partner cloud
Meta Is Already Training a More Powerful Successor to Llama 3
Improving Speech Recognition on Augmented Reality Glasses with Hybrid Datasets Using Deep Learning: A Simulation-Based Approach
Uncovering Safety Risks in Open-source LLMs through Concept Activation Vector
MARformer: An Efficient Metal Artifact Reduction Transformer for Dental CBCT Images
Stochastic Optimal Control Matching
[D] How to evaluate RAG - both retrieval and generation, when all I have is a set of PDF documents?
[D] Has anyone tried distilling large language models the old way?
CMNEE: A Large-Scale Document-Level Event Extraction Dataset based on Open-Source Chinese Military News
From Form(s) to Meaning: Probing the Semantic Depths of Language Models Using Multisense Consistency
Visually grounded few-shot word learning in low-resource settings
Advancing Speech Translation: A Corpus of Mandarin-English Conversational Telephone Speech
Length Generalization of Causal Transformers without Position Encoding
India is Making its Own AI Servers
LibriSQA: A Novel Dataset and Framework for Spoken Question Answering with Large Language Models
Structured Generative AI
Efficient Sentiment Analysis: A Resource-Aware Evaluation of Feature Extraction Techniques, Ensembling, and Deep Learning Models
Toward Self-Improvement of LLMs via Imagination, Searching, and Criticizing
EuSQuAD: Automatically Translated and Aligned SQuAD2.0 for Basque
A look at Salad, which pays gamers in Fortnite skins and Roblox gift cards to rent their GPUs remotely to AI companies, including those making AI-generated porn (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
zoomcamp data engineering project - part 5
[Discussion] Are there specific technical/scientific breakthroughs that have allowed the significant jump in maximum context length across multiple large language models recently?
Three ways the US could help universities compete with tech companies on AI innovation
Meta unveils Llama 3, claims it's the 'most capable' open LLM
Mathematical Games Hosted by Ed Pegg Jr. [Episode 16: Space-Filling Curves]
Transformative Potential of a Healthcare-Specific Foundational Model
What are virtual cards and when should you use them?
How Good is Llama 3 for Indic Languages?
OpenAI Hires Pragya Misra As Its First Employee in India
Instant-Style: Style-Preservation in Text-to-Image Generation
Meta Forces Developers Cite 'Llama 3' in their AI Development
Unlocking the Recall Power of Large Language Models: Insights from Needle-in-a-Haystack Testing
Using Bitcoin and Blockchain ideas to Secure our AI Chatbot
Fireside Friday with. SIX's Marion Leslie
Emirates told cabin crew to report for duty during historic Dubai flood despite government's stay-at-home warning, report says
Next-Gen AI: OpenAI and Meta's Leap Towards Reasoning Machines
Meta lets Llama 3 LLM out to graze, claims it can give Google and Anthropic a kicking
Llama3 License Explained
How Databricks is Enabling Agriculture's Data Revolution with UPL
The ethics of advanced AI assistants
What Happens When We Train AI on AI-Generated Data?
I want to see a robot build a house in my lifetime (i'm 28)
Error while instaling PyQt6 on ChromeOS
Meet Platypus: An AI Startup with a Distributed Data Operating System Streamlining the Artificial Intelligence Revolution
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/18/2024
The Machine Ethics podcast: What is AI? Volume 3
The US Air Force successfully tested an AI-controlled fighter jet in dogfight against human pilots
Google goes all in with AI as it merges research teams
Turing Boosts Talent: 70% Higher Acceptance with Google Cloud's Gemini
Penske Introduces Catalyst AI
Top Tableau Books to Read in 2024
Beyond Neuralink: Meet the other companies developing brain-computer interfaces
Is it Humane to Bash Humane Ai Pin?
Selective language modeling: New method allows for better models with less data
Zuck just revealed the secret ingredient in his bromance with Jensen Huang
Meta Llama 3 Now Available on Databricks For Enterprise
Meta eyes LLM dominance with new Llama 3 models
This AI Research from China Provides Empirical Evidence on the Relationship between Compression and Intelligence
WeCare raises $350,000 to develop lab-grown diamonds
Streamlining AI/ML Deployment with ModelKits: Innovations and Future Directions
Navigating the Ethical Landscape of AI: Building Trust in Artificial Intelligence
Arijit Raychowdhury, Chair of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Georgia Tech, and Cheryl Martin, Global Higher Education and Research at Nvidia
HTML Unleashed: Rants from a Newbie
776: Deep Utopia: AI Could Solve All Human Problems in Our Lifetime   with @JonKrohnLearns
EXCLUSIVE - Truth Behind Hanooman & BharatGPT ft. Vishnu Vardhan | Creator of Hanooman | AIM
Future-proof Tech Blogging: Understanding AI's Core Traits
Save More Than $200 on This All-In-One AI Toolkit
Why 'education is the answer' to addressing security challenges
Solodev announced the launch of Solodev Digital
Cops Say 14-Year-Old Set Fire to Waymo Self-Driving Car in San Francisco
Olympic organizers unveil strategy for using artificial intelligence in sports
Meta raises the bar with open source Llama 3 LLM
Newsletter 32:  Upgrades To Streaming Speech-to-Text
Meta AI is restricting election-related responses in India
How to Stop ChatGPT's Voice Feature From Interrupting You
RobotLAB Proudly expands software, updates technology for Pepper Robot
Integrating Georeferenced Maps: Passing Data from Firebase Backend to Frontend
Langdock raises $3M with General Catalyst to help companies avoid vendor lock-in with LLMs
Meta is restricting certain election-related keywords for Meta AI in India due to ongoing elections; Meta started testing its AI chatbot in India last week (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
The Download: Neuralink's biggest rivals, and the case for phasing out the term  user
How is Science Possible
Moveworks announces strategic collaboration with Microsoft
Are tomorrow's engineers ready to face AI's ethical challenges?
Unleashing Innovation: Sachin Dev Duggal's Builder.ai with Natasha Pushes the Boundaries of Gen AI and RNN
Llama 3: The best OpenSource LLM
Weird Teeth Give Away the Fakery In Microsoft's Latest AI Video Generator
GROQ   A Quickest and Cheapest LLM Inference
Vector Databases in AI and LLM Use Cases
Enhancing AI Integration through Optimal Data Management in the Global Convenience Food and Beverage Sector
Keysight's Next-Gen RF Circuit Simulator for RFIC Designers
IoT, AI and the cloud: The holy trinity to green your digital ecosystem
AssemblyAI +  LangChain Go, Universal-1 Recap
Why configuration is so complicated
KissanAI Releases Dhenu Llama 3, an Indic LLM for Farmers
Newsweek Is Using AI in Its Articles
Meta Launches AI Assistant Across Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp
Merging tokens to accelerate LLM inference with SLERP
Python vs JS vs java vs ...
Andreessen Horowitz Raises $7.2 Billion, AI Investments Lead the Charge
Unstructured: LLM Content Normalization
Generative AI: Insights from the Frontlines
Crafting An AI-Powered Code Critic
Oracle Invests $8B to Expand Cloud, AI Offerings in Japan
Here's Exactly How Cocaine Makes You Ignore Your Basic Needs
Empower Your Supply Chain
EV Chipmakers Test Investor Faith After Missing Out on AI Rally
Ultimate Collection of 50 Free Courses for Mastering Data Science
Day 8: File Handling and I/O Operations
Web design and hosting platform Webflow acquires Intellimize, which raised $50M and offers AI-powered webpage personalization, a source says for  eight-figures  (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Webflow acquires Intellimize to add AI-powered webpage personalization
Llama 3 Unpacked
A Wave of AI Tools Is Set to Transform Work Meetings
Brain-computer interface research reaches new frontiers
7 Subscriptions That Help Me As A Data Scientist
Visualizing my data science job search
HubHead Corp. acquires DataSeer Inc. assets
Como Fazer um Validador de CPF com Python de forma simples e refatorada!
A 14-year-old is charged in fire that destroyed a driverless Waymo vehicle
Micron Awarded $6.1B to Expand Chip Manufacturing in New York, Idaho
Microsoft's AI app VASA-1 makes photographs talk and sing with believable facial expressions
Logitech's free AI Prompt Builder is surprisingly handy. Here's how I'm using it
Ibuprofeno.py | #85: Explica este cdigo Python
The Taylor Swift Album Leak's Big AI Problem
How an AI Chatbot Can Boost Developer Productivity
3 Best Practices for Bridging the Gap Between Engineers and Analysts
Health of humanity in danger because of ChatGPT?
Microsoft's VASA-1 can deepfake a person with one photo and one audio track
Weights & Biases announces integration with NVIDIA NIM
AI Infrastructure Essentials: Building a Future-Ready Platform
SAS advances industry solutions with packaged AI models
Top 10 Generative AI Companies Revealed
To build a better AI helper, start by modeling the irrational behavior of humans
Enable Microsoft XPS Document Writer in Windows 11
Most Read This Week: Nvidia Builds a Student Supercomputer
Netflix True Crime Producer Responds to AI Allegations in  What Jennifer Did  Documentary
or
AI, Sustainability Take Center Stage at Hannover Messe 2024
Time for APAC Region to Build Its Own AI Foundation Models, Says CSIRO
[R] Unifying Bias and Unfairness in Information Retrieval: A Survey of Challenges and Opportunities with Large Language Models
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of April 19th
Fine-tune Llama 3 with ORPO
A revolution for sport? Olympic vision for AI innovations laid out by IOC
Working with Modules and Packages
Is it better to integrate AI even though you don't have the good grasp in a framework or language?
AI Funding: A Reality Check for India
This AI tutor helps you master chess
Speech Recognition In Java Using @AssemblyAI | Convert Speech To Text
Llama 3 - 8B & 70B Deep Dive
TechCrunch Minute: Meta's new Llama 3 models give open-source AI a boost
Language AI Pioneer DeepL Targets APAC Businesses With Pro Translation Options
Elon Musk's AI Publicly Accuses NBA Player of Criminal Vandalism
Gamers are renting out GPU power for AI porn generation in return for Fortnite skins
Gartner: IT Spending Expected to Grow 8% in 2024
Moral Decision-Making in Autonomous Vehicles
Any ways to improve TabNet..??? [D]
Measuring the GPU Occupancy of Multi-stream Workloads
US Copyright Office grants partial copyright for book written with ChatGPT's help
How OpenAI and Microsoft reawakened a sleeping software giant
DARPA's AI test pilot successfully flew a dogfight against a human
An Intro to Building Knowledge Graphs
[D] Embeddings search  drowning  in a sea of noise! Can you solve this riddle?
Apache Software Foundation Announces New Top-Level Project Apache Paimon
The Biggest Deepfake Porn Website Is Now Blocked in the UK
Understanding AI outputs: Study shows pro-western cultural bias in the way AI decisions are explained
Microsoft's VASA-1 AI Can Make Any Person's Image Move and Speak
The Future of Robotic Assembly
Super Micro Leads Tech Selloff as AI Winners Slump Sharply
Depositphotos Launches 'Commercially Safe' AI Image Generator
Crime detection and crime hot spot prediction using a deep learning model
Germany's knowledge workers hesitate as AI infiltrates the office, Microsoft study finds
Breakthrough in Quantum Cloud Computing Ensures its Security and Privacy
BlogWithMe
Bridging Intent with Action: The Ethical Journey of AI Democratization
Choosing a visualization tool as a beginner: R or Python in 2024?
Integra mltiples APIs de IA en una sola plataforma
Overcoming LLMs' Analytic Limitations Through Suitable Integrations
Docker Log Observability: Analyzing Container Logs in HashiCorp Nomad with Vector, Loki, and Grafana
High Agency Pydantic > VC Backed Frameworks   with Jason Liu of Instructor
One path to connecting a Python script to a COM application on Windows
HTML tag attributes, USE THEM!
Altair Bolsters Analytics Offering with Cambridge Semantics Buy
You Don't Like Utopia, You Like the 'Invulnerability Gap'
Twitter alternative Post News is shutting down
Netflix CEO Says AI Is  Storytelling  Tool as Controversy Rages Over Company's AI Use in  True Crime  Documentary
Top 10 Takeaways from Stanford's AI Index Report 2024
Startups Weekly: Is the wind going out of the AI sails?
Calculating the previous value in Power BI
ShipBob Picks JPMorgan to Lead IPO As Soon As Late 2024
Dropped 100 AI Bots into Minecraft, told them to follow me, and led them into a pool of lava. They found every way to avoid it instead (for the most part)
Resources to improve code design and software design
Buckle Up For Beautiful Python Plotly Mapping With GPT-4 Prompting
Netflix doc accused of using AI to manipulate true crime story
LLM Agents can Autonomously Exploit One-day Vulnerabilities
Twenty Constructionist Things to Do with Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
[P] AI-based Language Teacher that can run locally on a 12GB graphics card (RTX 4070)
Information Rationalization in Large Organizations
Nothing rolls out ChatGPT integration for Nothing Phone (2) and Nothing earbuds, including voice and text widgets for the phone (Ben Schoon/9to5Google)
Finally, someone used Pareto's economic theories to find the best Mario Kart 8 racer
Generate Anime with LoRA and Diffusion Model
Meta's AI assistant just got a major upgrade   here's how you can use it
Do you think Reinforcement Learning still got it? [D]
[P] TorchFix - a linter for PyTorch-using code with autofix support
The US military is keeping it secret who won the real-world dogfight between a human pilot and an AI flying an F-16 fighter jet
Feeling so inferior in the NLP job market.
Nvidia closed down 10% on Friday, falling the most since March 2020 and losing more than $200B of its market value, as investors pull back from AI bets (George Steer/Financial Times)
Expo Is The Peep Squeak To DroidScript.
Researchers at Microsoft Introduces VASA-1: Transforming Realism in Talking Face Generation with Audio-Driven Innovation
How AI can rescue IT pros from job burnout and alert fatigue
Facebook Says Sorry Its AI Flagged Auschwitz Museum Posts as Offensive
A24's AI 'Civil War' Posters Aren't Thrilling People
How to get started with Meta AI in Facebook, Instagram, and more
Applying the mathematical principles of Pareto to Mario Kart 8
[D] Is Google Set to Dominate the RAG Scene with Its Massive Data Resources?
Enhancing AI Validation with Causal Chambers: Bridging Data Gaps in Machine Learning and Statistics with Controlled Environments
Too many models
The Business Guide to Tailoring Language AI Part 2
Redux + Zustand
Google squashes AI teams together in push for fresh models
This AI Paper from CMU Introduces AgentKit: A Machine Learning Framework for Building AI Agents Using Natural Language
Implement Merge-Sort in python
Need help with project ideas for software development skills and writing production level code.
Pandas: My Experience Contributing to a Major Open Source Project
How AI is Revolutionizing DevOps: Insights for the Modern Developer
Network Optimization with AI: Exploring Predictive Maintenance and Traffic Management
Respaldo del codigo de SO xd
Mentor Coze AI
Big Tech Earnings and TikTok Ban Bill Coming Next Week
dict.fromkeys() method in Python
sort(), argsort() and msort() in PyTorch
How to Implement Knowledge Graphs and Large Language Models (LLMs) together at the Enterprise Level
csv module in Python
dict.setdefault() method in Python
Bot C
Practical Computer Simulations for Product Analysts
TikTok Owner ByteDance Elevates Executive Leading AI Development
[N] Kaiming He's lecture on DL architecture for Representation Learning
AI Travel planner
How Faithful are RAG Models? This AI Paper from Stanford Evaluates the Faithfulness of RAG Models and the Impact of Data Accuracy on RAG Systems in LLMs
ReffAKD: A Machine Learning Method for Generating Soft Labels to Facilitate Knowledge Distillation in Student Models
The seemingly AI-generated ads for 'Civil War,' A24's most expensive film, are laughable &mdash; especially if you're from Chicago
See old Object Pascal from new Rust
CIFAR-10    TensorFlow
Google DeepMind Releases Penzai: A JAX Library for Building, Editing, and Visualizing Neural Networks
Meta AI uses Google and Bing algorithms for web searches
Google AI Introduces SOAR: An Algorithmic Improvement to Vector Search that Introduces Effective and Low-Overhead Redundancy to ScaNN
std::move = std::optional
SK Hynix partners with TSMC to develop next-gen HBM4 chips, which are critical for AI and slated for mass production in 2026, and advanced chip packaging tech (Nikkei Asia)
AWS GUARDDUTY
Unpacking Llama3: A Review of Latest AI Breakthroughs and Upgrades by Meta
To not be bias.
DevPod in Action
Journey to the Vim IDE, and what I learned
Latest Newsletter: Infinite Peace (Issue #160)
You've Got a Time Series. Now What?
Can Language Models Solve Olympiad Programming? Researchers at Princeton University Introduce USACO Benchmark for Rigorously Evaluating Code Language Models
Microsoft's AI tool can turn photos into realistic videos of people talking and singing
Udio investor Will.i.am says AI music will fuel creativity and authenticity in the industry
AI a 'fundamental change in the news ecosystem': Expert
Rust       Object Pascal
The Impact of Lok Sabha Election on India's AI Progress
Google DeepMind researchers call for limits on AI that mimics humans
Transforming Language Model Alignment: Zero-Shot Cross-Lingual Transfer Using Reward Models to Enhance Multilingual Communication
Deploying Bokeh Dashboard with Python on VPS: A Step-by-Step Guide
Wipro Shifts Focus to Lead Generative AI Consulting
Court filing: OpenAI says Elon Musk's claim that the company has abandoned its altruistic principles is  revisionist history  and a bid to boost his AI company (Robert Burnson/Bloomberg)
AI's relentless rise gives journalists tough choices
[D] A slide which makes you feel old
N-of-1 Trials and Analyzing Your Own Fitness Data
I created an AI-powered job board using smart filters to help you land your dream job
Meet Briefer: An AI-Powered Startup with Jupyter Notebook like Platform that Helps Data Scientists Create Analyses, Visualizations, and Data Apps
Microsoft teases lifelike avatar AI tech but gives no release date
A Beginner's Guide to Creating a Basic HTML Front Page.
Where do we draw the line on using AI in TV and film?
OpenAI Slams Musk's 'Revisionist History' in Bid to Toss Lawsuit
Day 30 of 30-Day .NET Challenge: XML v/s JSON Serialization
std::move = when std::optional should be launched
Impact of Generative Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare
Video Highlights: Gemini Ultra   How to Release an AI Product for Billions of Users   with Google's Lisa Cohen
Real-World Dataset Cleaning with Python Pandas! (Olympic Athletes Dataset)
Why does India lack innovation?
Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 144]
Live CEOing Ep 786: Design Review of Graphics, Geometry, Graphs
Can we do AI both FAST and SAFE? [Win-Win with AI] Anti-Moloch Policy (Build More Pylons!)
Beyond AGI, Can AI Help Save the Planet? // Patrick Beukema // MLOps Podcast #225
Understanding Computer Vision: How It Works | Hindi Explainer | Analytics India Guru
Romance scammers are now building trust with AI-generated deepfakes. Here's how to spot them.
OpenAI fires back at Elon Musk, calls lawsuit claims  revisionist history  in bid for dismissal
Insanely Fast LLAMA-3 on Groq Playground and API for FREE
Consumer AI is having a utility problem
Magnificent Seven Earnings Arrive With Stocks at Critical Moment
[R] Backpropagation through space, time, and the brain
A look at Los Angeles' Homelessness Prevention pilot program, which uses AI to identify those at risk of becoming homeless, offering aid to keep them housed (Kate Rogers/CNBC)
New AI Girlfriend Constantly Yells at You in Perpetual Fury
Using Django ORM only without web server
Meta's 'Imagine' AI image generator morphs and changes as you type
Here's How to Choose Your Next AI Project
Advancements in Deep Learning Hardware: GPUs, TPUs, and Beyond
Using and Finetuning Pretrained Transformers
Trump's Truth Social Stock Dropped, Cybertrucks Broke, the Virtual Boy Deserves Respect, and More
Women in AI: Allison Cohen on building responsible AI projects
flatten() and unflatten() in PyTorch
Beware
Ibuprofeno.py | #86: Explica este cdigo Python
4 things Claude AI can do that ChatGPT can't
Internet Fooled by AI-Generated Kendrick Lamar Diss Track
This Week in AI: When 'open source' isn't so open
Perplexity Playground: A hidden gem
Conversational AI for Everyone: Create Your Own LLM
Build a Music Player with Python
I made an infinite canvas to work with LLMs better
AlchemistAI- A Revolutionary step towards AI in healthcare
PCs that can run large AI models may drive an enterprise PC replacement cycle, but some CIOs say they'll wait for the category to mature and prices to come down (Isabelle Bousquette/Wall Street Journal)
ZKML: Bringing Verifiable and Trustless ML to the Masses
1hr AI Engineering Intro Workshop
Discover a Powerful Form Validation Library Without the Need for JavaScript Code
Introduction to Matplotlib
Why vector databases are having a moment as the AI hype cycle peaks
Meta Llama 3 Optimized CPU Inference with Hugging Face and PyTorch
What we're listening to: The Tortured Poets Department and Eternal Sunshine
Microsoft teases deepfake AI that's too good to release
Mistral vs Mixtral: Comparing the 7B, 8x7B, and 8x22B Large Language Models
Soft Skills You Need For A Career in Data in 2024
Tiny Llama   a Performance Review and Discussion
Label Studio Customized Backend for Semiautomatic Image Segmentation Labeling
Am I a coding Imposter?
The Languages AI Is Leaving Behind
Sources: Biden administration is encouraging US tech groups to seek AI deals in the UAE and brokered Microsoft's deal with G42, as it seeks an edge over China (Financial Times)
Report: Thanks to AI, China's Data Centers Will Drink More Water Than All of South Korea by 2030
New Python   Library for doing Image Super Resolution
The Math Behind  The Curse of Dimensionality
Cartoon quotes
DeepMind's RecurrentGemma Pioneering Efficiency for Open Small Language Models
The big tech firms want an AI monopoly   but the UK watchdog can bring them to heel | John Naughton
[D] The short history of Multimodal Neural Network explained from First Principles
Diretivas Vuejs
Google's AI consolidation continues as DeepMind takes the reins on generative models
[D] How much should I emphasize on traditional ML knowledge when I recruit?
I created an extension that allows you to connect chatgpt chats to copilot and between previous/current chats.
Are We Morally Obligated to Adopt AI?
[D] How important is leetcode in ML?
[D] Meta's H100 figure represents its H100 purchase as per company earnings call 1 Feb 2024. Excludes a further 250,000 H100 equivalents worth of GPU.
(Un)Objective Machines: A Look at Historical Bias in Machine Learning
Information Retrieval with Entity Linking
A snake game code
Online Advertisements with LLMs: Opportunities and Challenges
Financial Market Applications of LLMs
Boston Dynamics unveils a new robot, controversy over MKBHD, and layoffs at Tesla
llm-gpt4all
Nvidia will provide the software for Japan's ABCI-Q, a hybrid supercomputer that offers quantum computing capability for drug research and other uses (Riho Nagao/Nikkei Asia)
This camera trades pictures for AI poetry
Former OpenAI exec has an easy trick for surviving AI in the workplace
Language Imbalance Can Boost Cross-lingual Generalisation
Making Chatbot Applications with Dialogflow with Project Example
[P] llama-3-70b on Groq with code interpreting
Women in AI: Ewa Luger explores how AI affects culture   and vice versa
Meta Launches Llama-3 Powered Meta AI Chatbot Assistant to Compete with ChatGPT
The Noonification: Are We Morally Obligated to Adopt AI? (4/20/2024)
Build an AI Chatbot in 5 Minutes | Full Guide!
X-62A VISTA Engages in Successful Dogfights Against AI-Controlled F-16
Can Mere Scaling-Up Be Enough To Reach Artificial Superintelligence?
Selenium AI Automation: Image Processing with Gemini
Stable LM 2 runs on Android (offline)
Need advice on my NLP project
Researchers at CMU Introduce TriForce: A Hierarchical Speculative Decoding AI System that is Scalable to Long Sequence Generation
Researchers: when given 15 CVE descriptions, GPT-4 autonomously exploited 87% of the vulnerabilities, compared to 0% for every other model tested (Thomas Claburn/The Register)
Yokai - a simple, modular and observable Go framework for backend applications.
Tips on Adding JSON Output to Your CLI App
Meta Llama 3 Launch Part 2 - New Model Security and Performance Benchmarks
(NEW) [Product Initiative] Requirements Gathering Automation with AI Agents
What have you been learning?
Quoting Mihai Parparita
Understanding Causal AI: Bridging the Gap Between Correlation and Causation
[R] ControlNet++: Improving Conditional Controls with Efficient Consistency Feedback
This AI Paper from MLCommons AI Safety Working Group Introduces v0.5 of the Groundbreaking AI Safety Benchmark
New AI music generator makes songs from text prompts
Ed/Steven: Updates/London recap
How to: Make better ART with AI  - ComfyUI
Will Big Tech's AI Needs Solve Energy Issues?
Exploring the AI Evolution: A Timeline of Key Milestones From 2022 until today
Software Samurai
Hacker News Coze Plugin
Formal Interaction Model (FIM): A Mathematics-based Machine Learning Model that Formalizes How AI and Users Shape One Another
Do you think we will be able to 'insert' yourself into a tv show/movie/cartoon through AI simulation?
Make your oncall easy with Savvy's AI
ControlNet++: Improving Conditional Controls with Efficient Consistency Feedback
Anthropic Claude with tools using Python SDK
Completing Appearance
How different is business intelligence developer role from data scientist?
Go
Getting started with Open SaaS
HTML & Vue.js, a secrete you may not know about Vue
AI can write / Can it QC?
3 Ways to Run Llama 3 on Your PC or Mac
[P] OSS tool that scales your python code to thousands of GPUs and CPUs in seconds
[R] Toward Self-Improvement of LLMs via Imagination, Searching, and Criticizing
Researchers at Stanford University Explore Direct Preference Optimization (DPO): A New Frontier in Machine Learning and Human Feedback
WITL (A web security friend)
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/20/2024
Wondershare Filmora Review: The Easiest AI Video Editor?
AllMind AI: Your Personal Stock Analyst
Researchers unveil LLM-based system that designs and runs social experiments on its own
6 Free Artificial Intelligence AI Courses from Google
Front-end specialisations: HTML + CSS
'Inheritune' by UT Austin Assists Efficient Language Model Training: Leveraging Inheritance and Reduced Data for Comparable Performance
SVGs in React (almost everything you need to know)
Sex offender banned from using AI tools in landmark UK case
Angular Directive Selector
Encrypt/Decrypt Data between Python 3 and JavaScript (AES algorithm)
Skyla
Integration of Chatbot(Amazon Lex) in a static website (Hosted on S3 and cloud front)
Petals: A Step Towards Decentralized AI
How to persist user preferences in Svelte (w/o DB)
MIT Researchers Use Deep Learning to Get a Better Picture of the Atmospheric Layer Closest to Earth's Surface: Improving Weather and Drought Prediction
The Gorilla Paper Changed They Way LLMs Use Tools - Here Is How
AI is helping Amazon send fewer small items in comically large boxes
A coffee roastery in Finland has launched an AI-generated blend. The results were surprising
InstaDeep CEO takes AI from Tunis to London
Does Meta wish to be bashed in the head?
Data Machina #250
Unveiling Challenges in Language Model Performance: A Study of Saturation and Representation Degeneration
Don't think all Nvidians are now rich, says one engineer
Hundreds of examples in prompts can significantly boost LLM performance, study finds
April 2024 - Future of AI Webinar - Jobs + Audience Questions!
India's Own ChatGPT, Hanooman, is going live on May 1st
Gemini 1.5 PRO vs Lllama3-70B-Instruct: TEST
regarding php script is not getting executed
[D] How does GPT understand what it does not know?
A KEYBOARD USING JUST HTML AND CSS
How do I detect the (corners of the) tiles of this chessboard?
Some Cool Details About Llama 3
HTML Counter
Comparative Analysis of Top 14 Vector Databases: Features, Performance, and Scalability Insights
BBC to invest 6m in AI to help transform its education services
[D] Tango 2: aligning diffusion-based text-to-audio generations through direct preference optimization
How to choose MLOps tools (MLOps from first principles)
Will TypeScript Wipe Out JavaScript?
Making friends and dating as billionaire Steve Ballmer's son
Microsoft is annoying users again. Here's what it could do instead
Papers you must read!
Using a Knowledge Base to Connect Amazon Bedrock to your Custom Data
The Infamous Attention Mechanism in the Transformer architecture
The future of AI gadgets is just phones
Ambient AI? Humane's 'Ai Pin' Embarks on a Dream's Long Road
Why Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg is willing to give away a $10 billion AI model
How to build an Air-gapped LLM-based AI Chatbot in Containers Step-by-Step
I'm a college student studying abroad. I'm shocked at how many luxury trips my classmates take.
Apple Needs a True Low-End iPhone to Help Revive Growth
Unveiling Meta Llama 3: A Leap Forward in Large Language Models
Quoting Meta AI bot, answering a question on a forum
How to Run Llama 3 Locally with Ollama and Open WebUI
doom-htop
Top AI Tools for CEOs in E-Learning
Imbalanced data, what do you do?
HTML - 16. Table Colspan & Rowspan | iAppTech.id
Employee Management System using Python.
A Comprehensive Comparison Between OPen-Source Vector Databases
A Deep Intro to Apache and Resources for Learning More
Women in AI: Anna Korhonen studies the intersection between linguistics and AI
HTML - 17. Desain Layout with Table | iAppTech.id
How United Airlines uses AI to make flying the friendly skies a bit easier
Tesla cuts the price of its Full Self-Driving software to $8K from $12K in the US, following a price cut from $15K to $12K in September 2023 (Jameson Dow/Electrek)
Crossing Boundaries or Building Walls? The Declining Interdisciplinarity of NLP
[D] How do you train on large amount of data?
What's the current state of recommendation algorithms/systems in machine learning research? [D]
Bending metal: The changing server business
As most AI execs scramble for more data, Mark Zuckerberg says there's actually something more 'valuable'
What is React Hydration?
AI chatbots refuse to produce 'controversial' output why that's a free speech problem
How I Landed a Spotify Internship: My Guide to Get Into Top Tech
[P] Okkam - find polynomials that fit arbitrary datasets using GA
Do not use  in React
The 4 new trendy AI concepts, and their potential in digital products
Introduction to Multi-Stage Image Build for Python
How Machine Learning Detects Phishing Attacks
The best artificial intelligence for developers
AI leads a service-as-software paradigm shift
MIXTRAL 8x22B: The BEST MoE Just got Better | RAG and Function Calling
We Need to Reinvent Education
Next Steps in the AGI Evolution
Leveraging ChatGPT and AI isn't cheating or being lazy
Connor Leahy - e/acc, AGI and the future.
#182 Dragomir Anguelov: The Future of Transportation - Waymo's Vision for Autonomous Driving
Llama 3 8B: BIG Step for Local AI Agents! - Full Tutorial (Build Your Own Tools)
Next-Gen AI: RecurrentGemma (Long Context Length)
Importance of Java in Modern Programming
[Research] A visual deep dive into Tesla's data engine as pioneered by Andrej Karpathy.
Tesla makes its controversial Full Self-Driving software cheaper by $4,000
A visual deep dive into Tesla's data engine as pioneered by Andrej Karpathy.
How can I successfully segment each apple separately?
Stream Video from Raspberry Pi Camera to YouTube Live
Revolutionize your Website: Free Heat Maps, Recordings, Analytics & more
Meta Llama 3 Launch Part 3 - Meta AI Upgrade, Broader Distribution & Strategy
AI can help predict whether a patient will respond to specific tuberculosis treatments
[D] Using clean architecture and DDD in machine learning | deep learning projects
Series Belajar Solid Principle - Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP)
[N] All PyData 2023 talks grouped by location and ordered by the view count
MuPT: A Series of Pre-Trained AI Models for Symbolic Music Generation that Sets the Standard for Training Open-Source Symbolic Music Foundation Models
How does china implement massive facial recognition for their surveillance?
Animation in SVG
CSS Cascade, Selector and Specificity.
qrank
Transforming Teaching: How Generative AI is Enhancing Educator Tools and Methods
Everything about Image Segmentation with UNET visually explained in 10 mins!
Keeping It a Hundo on coding DroidScript Apps.
Transforming Partial Differential Equations PDE Solutions with 'TENG': Harnessing Machine Learning for Enhanced Accuracy and Efficiency
Lossless Acceleration of Large Language Model via Adaptive N-gram Parallel Decoding
Generative Fill with AI with images:
Unleashing AI to Heal Flaky Tests in CodeceptJS with Playwright
From $r$ to $Q^*$: Your Language Model is Secretly a Q-Function
Should I learn a low level languages like c or c++? If yes which one?
Sending Emails with Python is too easy?
Pandas vs Polars? Bid Adieu to Pandas and Switch To Polars!
Fine-Tuning GPT2 for Text Generation
tiny-world-map
AI Photo Jam - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
Llama 3 from Scratch?? 15T Tokens Data for you!!!
Reimagine Dune Part 2 | Let's Create AI Fan Art!
Dify AI: Create Apps/Software in Minutes With a Drag-and-Drop UI!
Making Email Better With AI At Shortwave
HyKGE: A Hypothesis Knowledge Graph Enhanced Framework for Accurate and Reliable Medical LLMs Responses
HarperCollins Teams With AI Software Firm for Audiobook Narration
Auto-Formula: Recommend Formulas in Spreadsheets using Contrastive Learning for Table Representations
AutoCrawler: A Progressive Understanding Web Agent for Web Crawler Generation
When Large Language Models contradict humans? Large Language Models' Sycophantic Behaviour
SOS-1K: A Fine-grained Suicide Risk Classification Dataset for Chinese Social Media Analysis
[Discussion]What is the reality for someone with extensive SWE experience who is trying to crack into ML engineering or Data engineering by doing personal projects and creating a portfolio. Is that even a realistic goal?
Visual data extractors + GPT's new Vision is going to get insane
7 innovative ways to use low-code tools and platforms
Value Before Volume : Code That Matters
Imandra launches new AI assistant for FIX Connectivity suite
LiMe: a Latin Corpus of Late Medieval Criminal Sentences
OpenBezoar: A Family of Small, Cost-Effective, and Open-Source AI Models Trained on Mixed Instruction Data
Sample Complexity of the Linear Quadratic Regulator: A Reinforcement Learning Lens
The Efficiency Spectrum of Large Language Models: An Algorithmic Survey
Managing versions of OpenTofu, Terraform and TerraGrunt with tenv and DOP
Roborock S8 MaxV Ultra review: The most powerful robot vacuum I've tested
Neural Semantic Parsing with Extremely Rich Symbolic Meaning Representations
Rethinking the Evaluation of Dialogue Systems: Effects of User Feedback on Crowdworkers and LLMs
One LLaMa to rule them all
Yelp Overhauls Its Streaming Architecture with Apache Beam and Apache Flink
Semiconductor Giant ASML Has a New Boss, and a Big Problem
Towards Human-centered Proactive Conversational Agents
Routers in Vision Mixture of Experts: An Empirical Study
Unlocking Multi-View Insights in Knowledge-Dense Retrieval-Augmented Generation
RAM: Towards an Ever-Improving Memory System by Learning from Communications
ML Market size to increase by USD 56.49 billion between 2022 to 2027
Cross-cultural Inspiration Detection and Analysis in Real and LLM-generated Social Media Data
Large Language Models Can Plan Your Travels Rigorously with Formal Verification Tools
Mood of the Day: Feeling Sleepy! Time for coding a fun project
PaaS Market size is set to grow by USD 80.82 bn from 2023-2027
Microsoft to forge AI partnerships with South Korean tech leaders
[D] Is the AI Workforce or Companies More Distributed Than Those in Other Tech Sectors?
Building a Question-Answer System with Machine Learning Algorithms
Efficient infusion of self-supervised representations in Automatic Speech Recognition
States Move to Ban Deepfake Nudes to Fight Sexually Explicit Images of Minors
GazeHTA: End-to-end Gaze Target Detection with Head-Target Association
Salvador Dal will take your call via lobster phone
This AI Paper Proposes a Pipeline for Improving Imitation Learning Performance with a Small Human Demonstration Budget
Beter data-confirm modals in Phoenix LiveView
Empowering Multi-step Reasoning across Languages via Tree-of-Thoughts
Enabling Natural Zero-Shot Prompting on Encoder Models via Statement-Tuning
LLM-R2: A Large Language Model Enhanced Rule-based Rewrite System for Boosting Query Efficiency
Sample Design Engineering: An Empirical Study of What Makes Good Downstream Fine-Tuning Samples for LLMs
Tesla slashes prices for cars and software after one of its toughest weeks yet
Evaluating Character Understanding of Large Language Models via Character Profiling from Fictional Works
[D] Why isn't GNN in high demand in industry?
TartuNLP @ SIGTYP 2024 Shared Task: Adapting XLM-RoBERTa for Ancient and Historical Languages
A Survey on LLM-Generated Text Detection: Necessity, Methods, and Future Directions
Microsoft foresees a new type of AI PC: A Surface designed with help from machines
An AI Star Seeks to Bring Self-Driving Cars to Japan by 2030
What do people use to make these images?
TC-OCR: TableCraft OCR for Efficient Detection & Recognition of Table Structure & Content
SAS expands hosted managed services to AWS
Start to use VueJS
This AI Paper from Peking University and Microsoft Proposes LongEmbed to Extend NLP Context Windows
REXEL: An End-to-end Model for Document-Level Relation Extraction and Entity Linking
CT-ADE: An Evaluation Benchmark for Adverse Drug Event Prediction from Clinical Trial Results
Beyond Human Norms: Unveiling Unique Values of Large Language Models through Interdisciplinary Approaches
PhysDreamer Study Reveals Breakthrough in Video Generation for Dynamic 3D Object Interactions
Enabling Ensemble Learning for Heterogeneous Large Language Models with Deep Parallel Collaboration
Reshape Biotech: Using robotics and AI to speed up lab experiments
A Comparison of Traditional and Deep Learning Methods for Parameter Estimation of the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Process
Relevant or Random: Can LLMs Truly Perform Analogical Reasoning?
Intel Develops World's Largest Neuromorphic Computer System for Advancing AI Research
Translating scientific Latin texts with artificial intelligence: the works of Euler and contemporaries
UK cracks down on deepfake abuse with court ruling and new law
Weekly Roundup 049 (Apr 15):  Hot Topics  in #workplace, #sharepoint, and #powerplatform
MAiDE-up: Multilingual Deception Detection of GPT-generated Hotel Reviews
Efficient Backdoor Attacks for Deep Neural Networks in Real-world Scenarios
SocREval: Large Language Models with the Socratic Method for Reference-Free Reasoning Evaluation
weeklyfoo #29
Local RAG Explained with Unstructured and LangChain
Japan is the Next Big Hub for Indian Tech Talent
Separation of Concerns: Achieving Breakthrough Synergy in Decision Management
Transforming Telehealth: How AI-Powered Virtual Consultations and Remote Monitoring Are Shaping the Future of Healthcare
'Many Indian VCs Don't Even have a Thesis on Deep-tech Investment'
Top Data Visualization Books to Read in 2024
Elevate Your Remote Team's Efficiency with Leiga's AI-Powered Screen Recording Tools
Mega Networks to Establish AI Server Factory in Maharashtra
What AI Could, Should, and Would Do
ByteDance Uses GPT-4V to Create a Multimodal LLM, Groma, for Enhanced Image Region Understanding
How to Use Google Musicfx to Create Your Music?
LLM Token Pricing, LLM Tokenomics
Daniel Ciolek, Head of Research and Development at InvGate   Interview Series
How to Use GitHub Copilot in Visual Studio 2024
Amazon Music Launches Maestro; AI Tool Generates Playlists From Text
Emirates is dealing with a 30,000 bag backlog as it grovels to customers about its handling of Dubai floods
Meet LaunchFlow: An AI Dev Startup that Provides an Infrastructure-from-Code Tool to Improve Your Developer Experience on GCP and AWS Dramatically
Python Type Hints: Callable Objects, Iterables and More
Building an Error Resolution App with Lyzr Automata,Streamlit and OpenAI
AI Girlfriend Tells User 'Russia Not Wrong For Invading Ukraine' and 'She'd Do Anything For Putin'
Hugging Face Already has 1000s of Llama 3 Models   and Counting
Ibuprofeno.py | #87: Explica este cdigo Python
Apple reportedly plans to debut on-device LLM in iOS 18, prioritizing privacy and performance
FDA Clears AI Tool for Detecting Cancer Signs in Bone Marrow
AI Likely to Outsmart Us Before We Decode the Brain, says Geoffrey Hinton
Innovation through prompting
Ex-Amazon exec claims she was asked to break copyright law in race to AI
Sex Offender is Banned From Using AI Image Tools in First-of-Its-Kind Case
How to use Stable Diffusion 3 to generate a similar image.
Alibaba Launches LLM-R2 to Optimise SQL Query Efficiency
The impact and challenges of generative AI in healthcare
Unleashing Generative AI's Next Wave at the Edge
[R] TriForce: Lossless Acceleration of Long Sequence Generation with Hierarchical Speculative Decoding
Machine learning viability modelling of vertical-axis wind turbines
The Most Embarrassing Blunders From Elon Musk's Attempt at AI-Generated News
Zuckerberg Doesn't Want AI to End Up Like Mobile Apps, Controlled by Apple and Google
Josh Wolfe: The ChatGPT of Robotics is Coming
5 Free Stanford University Courses to Learn Data Science
Opensource Dataset with 15 Trillion Tokens
Options for accessing Llama 3 from the terminal using LLM
India Draws Inspiration from Census To Collect Data for AI
Stanford Internet Observatory: federally authorized CSAM clearinghouse CyberTipline, which gets tens of millions of tips per year, could be overrun by AI images (Will Oremus/Washington Post)
Integrating Document Embedding in Gemini Pro: An Approach to Retrieval-Augmented Generation
How to turn any LLM into an embedding model
[R] Recurrent Memory has broken the limits of Context Length for Transformer Neural Networks
Enhanced DU Performance and Workload Consolidation for 5G/6G with NVIDIA Aerial CUDA-Accelerated RAN
Java News Roundup: Jakarta EE 11-M2, JEPs Targeted for JDK 23, Spring Boot, Hibernate, GlassFish
Supercharging Prompt Engineering via Symbolic Program Search
AI-Generated Child Sexual Abuse Material May Overwhelm Tip Line
Sakana AI Releases Japanese DALLE-3, Calls it  EvoSDXL-JP
Neural Networks from Scratch: N-Layers Perceptron   Part 3
How Generative AI is Sparking Creative Innovation Across Industries
Demystifying the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curve
Neural Networks from Scratch: Logistic Regression   Part 1
Deep Dive into Self-Attention by Hand
Neural Networks from Scratch: 2-Layers Perceptron   Part 2
Transfer Learning and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)   Complete Guide
Some Technical Notes About Llama 3
AI now surpasses humans in almost all performance benchmarks
ASML Eyes Dutch Expansion After Government Commits  2.5 Billion
Unleashing Near Real-Time Insights with Starburst's Icehouse Architecture
Llama 3 Matches GPT-4 Performance with Less Parameters
The best free AI courses (and whether AI 'micro-degrees' and certificates are worth it)
Quantum Computers Can Run Powerful AI That Works like the Brain
Building a simple Agent with Tools and Toolkits in LangChain
How to Standout and Safeguard Your Job in the Generative AI Era
Selecting Your LIGTHWEIGHT Python IDE
Lessons from Building LLM-based Social Media Products // Faizaan Charania // AI in Production
Llama-3 Is Not Really Censored
06x10: Using AI in Modern Applications with Matthew Wallace
This AI creates new genres of music
AI should not be looked at as a solution chasing a problem - CTO Zerodha Kailash Nadh
How AI Will Overhaul Education Completely
Teaching Large Language Models to Reason with Reinforcement Learning with Alex Havrilla - #680
Making Sense of LLMOps // Maria Vechtomova & Baak Tue Eskili // AI in Production Conference
Algorithmic Bias in Facial Recognition Technologies
[D] Llama-3 may have just killed proprietary AI models
This AI startup that helps stores catch shoplifters just bagged $1.5 million in pre-seed funding without using a pitch deck
Why enterprise AI projects are moving too slowly
Appian announced the latest version of the Appian Platform
Monitor Data Pipelines Using Snowflake's Data Metric Functions
Tesla slashes Full Self-Driving price after Elon Musk said it would only get more expensive
Is this the future of coffee? Kaffa Roastery releases AI-conic blend
Last Week in AI #267: Meta releases Llama 3, AI flies real F-16 in dogfight, electric Atlas from Boston Dynamics, Intel's neuromorphic chip, and more!
What is the Python LEGB Rule? Why It is Important?
Big Tech Is in Hot Seat to Deliver on AI Promises, BofA Says
Empowering Development with FlowTestAI: Bridging APIs and LLMs for Enhanced Testing and Privacy
Introducing GIM: Revolutionizing Identity Management with AI and PHP
AI in Platform Engineering: Concerns Grow Alongside Advantages
Pudu Robotics announced the launch of PUDU T300
DMOS unveils Groundbreaking Cloud Operating System
Generative AI Could Revolutionize Business Analytics
I built these 5 types of loading animation in HTML and CSS, which do you prefer?
Semantic Search with Vector Databases
Watch the first AI vs. human dogfight using military jets
How to Detect Small Objects
Google Restructures Company Departments Around Future AI Development
How is Generative AI Transforming Healthcare Provider's Engagement With EHR and EMR Systems?
Supermarket facial recognition failure why automated systems must put the human factor first
Llama3 + CrewAI + Groq = Email AI Agent
How do we train AI models with hospital data?
The Short: Using AI to eliminate PFAs, Red-teaming AI models from attacks, & AI at Augusta National
Mitigating Cybersecurity Risk with AI-driven IT Systems - with Darren Humphries of Acora
The Solution to Data in Motion Is to Just Stop
Low-Code Generative AI: New Solution Makes AI Easier to Create
Mistral Large and Mixtral 8x22B LLMs Now Powered by NVIDIA NIM and NVIDIA API
Leveraging AI Synergies for Named Entity Disambiguation
Tip line that guards against child sexual abuse images may struggle against AI
Generative AI Will Not Fulfill Your Autonomous SOC Hopes (Or Even Your Demo Dreams)
ASTRID by Prezent
Why does ChatGPT use  Delve  so much? Mystery Solved.
'Send now, pay later' startup Pomelo lands $35M Series A from secretive Vy Capital, Founders Fund
Just Released: NVIDIA Modulus v24.04
Google releases two new free resources to help you optimize your AI prompts
How to Summarize Large Documents with LangChain and OpenAI
How to use supabase + ReactJS?
Turbocharging Meta Llama 3 Performance with NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM and NVIDIA Triton Inference Server
Automating Your Containerised Model Deployments
Developing Virtual Factory Solutions with OpenUSD and NVIDIA Omniverse
AI's Emerging Role in Disease Detection from Human Speech
Taipy: Create Production-Grade Web Applications - Elevating AI & Data Workflows!
Node.js vs Angular: Navigating the Modern Web Development Landscape
Star Wars Jedi: Survivor is coming to Game Pass Ultimate and EA Play on April 25
The Future of Language: Preserving Culture and Embracing Universal Communication
Conducting Simulation Studies in R workshop
Making the Case for Test-Driven Development in Machine Learning
The use of AI in war games could change military strategy
Meta Is 'Opening Up' Quest Headset Operating System to Rivals
Meet Test, your Agile specialist with a focus on Test Driven Development
Calorific: Your Savvy AI Dietitian Bot
Designing the relationship between LLMs and user experience
How AI can enhance flexibility, efficiency for customer service centers
SAP Cloud Revenue Matches Estimates as AI Adoption Fuels Demand
Microsoft rolls out authentication tools to combat AI-powered election disinformation
Interpretable Graph Neural Networks for Tabular Data
Meet your new IT superhero: Citizen developers flex their AI muscles
Ten Hard Problems in Artificial Intelligence We Must Get Right
Mark Zuckerberg did not see the GenAI wave coming. He prepared anyway.
Researchers develop performance technology for aerial and satellite image extraction
First real-life Pixel 9 Pro pictures leak, and it has 16GB of RAM
Generative A.I. Arrives in the Gene Editing World of CRISPR
Advancing Cell Segmentation and Morphology Analysis with NVIDIA AI Foundation Model VISTA-2D
Neural networks can mediate between download size and quality, according to researcher
Most executives already using generative AI tools, survey shows
GPT-4 can exploit zero-day security vulnerabilities all by itself, a new study finds
Case Study - Optimizing Linear Layer
Can Meta AI code? I tested it against Llama, Gemini and ChatGPT - it wasn't even close
Mastering LangChain: Part 1 - Introduction to LangChain and Its Key Components
AI Sustainability: How Microsoft, Google Cloud, IBM & Dell are Working on Reducing AI's Climate Harms
Building a Better RAG: A Practical Guide to Two-Step Retrieval with LangChain
GenAI Dominates SAS Innovate 2024
Microsoft hires former Meta exec to bolster AI supercomputing team
Llama 3 on Your Local Computer | Free GPT-4 Alternative
GraphRAG: Knowledge Graphs for AI Applications with Kirk Marple - #681
Tucker Carlson Says We Should Bomb the Data Centers and Kill AI Before It's Too Late
Live CEOing Ep 787: Design Review of Sound & Vision Features
AMA 25,000 Subscribers
High-speed imaging and AI help us understand how insect wings work
EDB Puts Postgres in the Middle of Analytics Workflow with New Lakehouse Stack
Planificacin de Procesos (C++)
Getting Started with HTML ep2
What is the Language Processing Unit (LPU)? Its Role in AI Hardware
Researchers detect a new molecule in space
Machine Learning with PHP
OpenAI's GPT-4 outperforms doctors in another new study
More evidence suggests Apple will favor on-device AI over cloud services
NVIDIA AI Researchers Introduce ScaleFold: A Leap in High-Performance Computing for Protein Structure Prediction
What if ChatGPT is Actually a Tour Guide From Another World? (Part 2)
Instagram Is Profiting Off Disgusting Apps That Undress People Without Their Consent
Can AI image generators be policed to prevent explicit deepfakes of children?
DynGAN: A Machine Learning Framework that Detects Collapsed Samples in the Generator by Thresholding on Observable Discriminator Outputs
No one buys books
timpaul/form-extractor-prototype
[P] seemore: Implement a Vision Language Model from Scratch
flatten(), unflatten() and ravel() in PyTorch
Assorted Flavors of Fourier Series on a Finite Domain
Japanese Heron-Bench: A Novel AI Benchmark for Evaluating Japanese Capabilities of Vision Language Models VLMs
What is your organization's POV about the use of AI?
Microsoft Expands Content Integrity Tools to Support Global Elections Amid Generative AI Concerns
Workshop: make your first AI app in a few clicks with Python+Ollama+llama3
Q&A with BCG CEO Christoph Schweizer, who says the consulting firm expects 20% of its 2024 and 40% of its 2026 revenue will come from helping firms integrate AI (Financial Times)
Computational Assessment of Hyperpartisanship in News Titles
Tencent AI Lab Developed AlphaLLM: A Novel Machine Learning Framework for Self-Improving Language Models
Apple Acquires Datakalab, a French Startup Behind AI and Computer Vision Tech
Microsoft Makes a New Push Into Smaller A.I. Systems
SemStamp: A Semantic Watermark with Paraphrastic Robustness for Text Generation
A Survey on Self-Evolution of Large Language Models
AWQ: Activation-aware Weight Quantization for LLM Compression and Acceleration
$\\rm SP^3$: Enhancing Structured Pruning via PCA Projection
Discovering Nuclear Models from Symbolic Machine Learning
Matching Patients to Clinical Trials with Large Language Models
Traditional crawler or AI-assisted crawler? How to choose?
The Framework of a Design Process Language
ChatRetriever: Adapting Large Language Models for Generalized and Robust Conversational Dense Retrieval
Genpact Launches AI Innovation Centre in Gurugram
C-Pack: Packaged Resources To Advance General Chinese Embedding
Measuring the Robustness of NLP Models to Domain Shifts
Carpe Diem: On the Evaluation of World Knowledge in Lifelong Language Models
Building an AI-Powered Business Manager
Empirical study of pretrained multilingual language models for zero-shot cross-lingual knowledge transfer in generation
Bot or Human? Detecting ChatGPT Imposters with A Single Question
OmniMedVQA: A New Large-Scale Comprehensive Evaluation Benchmark for Medical LVLM
Accurate Knowledge Distillation with n-best Reranking
A Closer Look at Spatial-Slice Features Learning for COVID-19 Detection
Text-Tuple-Table: Towards Information Integration in Text-to-Table Generation via Global Tuple Extraction
Microsoft launches Phi-3, its smallest AI model yet
Marking: Visual Grading with Highlighting Errors and Annotating Missing Bits
Insider Q&A: Trust and safety exec talks about AI and content moderation
Utilizing Deep Learning to Optimize Software Development Processes
Automated Long Answer Grading with RiceChem Dataset
Day 27: Unveiling the Magic of Binary Search in Java, C++, Python  ther
Intrusion Detection at Scale with the Assistance of a Command-line Language Model
Zero-shot Cross-lingual Stance Detection via Adversarial Language Adaptation
Data-Copilot: Bridging Billions of Data and Humans with Autonomous Workflow
CoStar Group to acquire Matterport
Better Synthetic Data by Retrieving and Transforming Existing Datasets
Meta Launches Android of AR/VR Devices
Revolutionize Shopping: The Undress AI Virtual Closet Experience
[D] Why FID over a ViT model?
Reinforcement Learning, Part 2: Policy Evaluation and Improvement
Let's Think Outside the Box: Exploring Leap-of-Thought in Large Language Models with Creative Humor Generation
I've successfully deployed my first web app!
PROSE-PDE: A Foundation Model for Solving and Extrapolating Partial Differential Equations
Researchers from Google DeepMind Releases a Study on the Ethics of Advanced Artificial Intelligence Assistants
A Survey on Efficient Inference for Large Language Models
COPAL-ID: Indonesian Language Reasoning with Local Culture and Nuances
Oracle Integrates GenAI to Enhance Supply Chain and Automate KPIs
JSX in React
Incorporating Different Verbal Cues to Improve Text-Based Computer-Delivered Health Messaging
EnzChemRED, a rich enzyme chemistry relation extraction dataset
Calc-CMU at SemEval-2024 Task 7: Pre-Calc -- Learning to Use the Calculator Improves Numeracy in Language Models
Counterfactual Reasoning Using Predicted Latent Personality Dimensions for Optimizing Persuasion Outcome
Swap distance minimization beyond entropy minimization in word order variation
Top 8 Use cases for generative AI, by industry
Beyond Scaling: Predicting Patent Approval with Domain-specific Fine-grained Claim Dependency Graph
SE(3)-Equivariant and Noise-Invariant 3D Rigid Motion Tracking in Brain MRI
An Introduction to Objective Bayesian Inference
A national longitudinal dataset of skills taught in U.S. higher education curricula
T-Hub Incubated MATH is Launching AI Career Finder to Create AI Jobs
Microsoft Introduces Phi-3, LLM That Runs on the Phone
Self-Supervised Alignment with Mutual Information: Learning to Follow Principles without Preference Labels
Netradyne scales up in the United Kingdom; partners with Intelex
Young Chinese are trading Shanghai for small cities. Brands like KFC are following them with thousands of stores.
Advancing Network Intrusion Detection: Integrating Graph Neural Networks with Scattering Transform and Node2Vec for Enhanced Anomaly Detection
Does GPT-4 pass the Turing test?
Learning Transductions and Alignments with RNN Seq2seq Models
Phi-3 Technical Report: A Highly Capable Language Model Locally on Your Phone
[D] Phi-3 to be released soon
Empowering Molecule Discovery for Molecule-Caption Translation with Large Language Models: A ChatGPT Perspective
Drop your Decoder: Pre-training with Bag-of-Word Prediction for Dense Passage Retrieval
Solve The AI Trust Dilemma At CX Summit EMEA
Solving Human Resource and Client Services Challenges with AI - with Bill Armstrong of Moss Adams
Adobe Firefly Generative AI Version 3 Looks to Catch Up to the Competition
Microsoft launches Phi-3 Mini, a 3.8B-parameter model that competes with GPT-3.5, and plans to release Phi-3 Small and Phi-3 Medium with 7B and 14B parameters (Emilia David/The Verge)
Microsoft's Phi-3 Outperforms Meta's Llama 3 and Fits Perfectly on an iPhone
Adobe claims its new image generation model is its best yet
The cloud is not a slam dunk platform for generative AI
Microsoft's small and efficient LLM Phi-3 beats Meta's Llama 3 and free ChatGPT in benchmarks
Interview with Mike Lee: Communicating AI decision-making through demonstrations
Analysis: 10 Chinese entities acquired advanced Nvidia chips embedded in Supermicro, Dell, and Gigabyte products between November 20, 2023 and February 28, 2024 (Reuters)
What is generative AI and why is it so popular? Here's everything you need to know
JPMorgan Unveils FlowMind for Automatic Workflow Generation with LLMs
UAE Turns to India to Spearhead AI Innovations
Adobe Photoshop's latest beta makes AI-generated images from simple text prompts
OpenAI Introduces Instruction Hierarchy to Protect LLMs from Jailbreaks and Prompt Injections
L'Utilit de ChatGPT Franais : Un Essai par Boogie Beckman
Adobe's new Firefly model makes it easier to use Photoshop's AI tools
Building NL2MongoDB with Lyzr SDK
Google Cloud, KonnectAi Team to Bring AI-Powered Quality Inspections to Manufacturers, Hannover Messe 2024
Blink: A New Multimodal LLM Benchmark that Evaluates Core Visual Perception Abilities not Found in Existing Evaluations
'Miss AI' is billed as a leap forward but feels like a monumental step backwards | Arwa Mahdawi
Three things we learned about AI from EmTech Digital London
Steve Salvin, Founder & CEO of Aiimi   Interview Series
Mercedes-Benz becomes first automaker to sell Level 3 autonomous vehicles in the US
Mistral Large Foundation Model Now Available on Amazon Bedrock
Beyond Expectations: AI Agents and the Next Chapter of Work
Microsoft's lightweight Phi-3 Mini model can run on smartphones
The new Adobe Photoshop gets an in-app image generator, major Generative Fill upgrades
Developing VTable Custom Edit Component with React
Everything You Need to Know About OpenAPI
Cognizant Teams Up with Microsoft to Integrate Generative AI for Employees
A new framework to generate human motions from language prompts
GEMINI   VS CHATGPT
AI Helps Nestl Develop Drought, Disease Resistant Coffee
How to Preview Laravel Notification Emails
Embracing the Fusion of Humans + AI: Win With Boundless Experiences
FrugalGPT: A Paradigm Shift in Cost Optimization for Large Language Models
Adobe adds AI tools to Photoshop powered by its new Firefly Image 3 model, including Reference Image to inspire the AI's output, available in beta on desktop (Jess Weatherbed/The Verge)
Inside Palantir's AI Sales Secret Weapon: Software Boot Camp
A celebrity handbag maker is going to prison for importing bags made of protected python and caiman skin
Nick Bostrom sparked a global AI debate, but his institute couldn't survive academia
HeartCore expands partnership with Heart-Tech Health
TechScape: No WhatsApp in China, no TikTok in the US, and the return of Llama
A National Security Insider Does the Math on the Dangers of AI
ISG to publish reports on AWS Ecosystem Partners
I'm an ex-founder   here's how I'd build my company again with GenAI
Nota AI Researchers Introduce LD-Pruner: A Novel Performance-Preserving Structured Pruning Method for Compressing Latent Diffusion Models LDMs
Edge 389: Understanding Large Action Models
Unleashing Insights: A Guide to Data Analysis Tools for Every Business
Python Data Types and Variables
Resellers enable Chinese access to Nvidia AI chips via Dell and Super Micro servers, despite US restrictions
[D] Gated Long-Term Memory
SoftBank invests nearly one billion US dollars in compute for generative AI models
[D] What best practices and workflows those working solo as DS/MLE should keep in mind?
How I keep my ExpressJS & React apps fast with server-side caching
L'importance du balisage HTML pour le rfrencement sur Google
AI Search Startup Perplexity Valued at $1 Billion in Funding Round
With Easel, ex-Snap researchers are building the next-generation Bitmoji thanks to AI
Stability AI Releases 3D Model Generation AI Stable Video 3D
ASIO boss says privacy 'not absolute' as he urges social media companies to do more on extremism
Tesla's in its flop era
Differential Privacy and Federated Learning for Medical Data
You Don't Need a Degree to Get an AI Job
Dynamically Adding Classes with ngClass in Angular
Microsoft launches Phi-3 Mini, an AI model that is smaller but still rivals GPT-3.5
Ukrainian Coder's New Programming Language: One Big Data Structure
Adobe unveils Firefly Image 3 and a major upgrade to the AI capabilities of Photoshop
Perplexity is raising $250M+ at a $2.5-$3B valuation for its AI search platform, sources say
Generative AI Funding Hits $25.2 Billion in 2023, Report Reveals
Reflecting On My Programming Career
Why Aren't Boilerplates More Common in DS?
Congress takes on TikTok, privacy, and AI
Llama 3: The Next Generation of AI-Powered Language Models
Microsoft Exec Says AI Is 'a New Kind of Digital Species'
Jennifer Lopez's Mecha Movie Is All About Learning to Love Artificial Intelligence
Asia is officially the most 'disaster-prone' region in the world
This AI-Powered 'Poetry Camera' Turns Photos into Poems
Chip giant ASML plans Eindhoven expansion in big win for Dutch tech
Meta, Google, OpenAI, child safety group Thorn, nonprofit All Tech Is Human, and other AI groups sign on to an initiative to add new child safety measures (Deepa Seetharaman/Wall Street Journal)
[D] How to and Deploy LLaMA 3 Into Production, and Hardware Requirements
10 AI Tools to Complete Excel Tasks in Minutes
Perplexity AI, which offers an AI chatbot to summarize search results, raised ~$63M led by Daniel Gross at a $1B+ valuation, up from $520M in January 2024 (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Building a self-creating website with Supabase and AI
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/22/2024
How a new law protects your thoughts from tech companies   and why it matters
Soiled nappies and karate: AI-rendered Putin biopic to be released
How I prefer to set up frontend projects and why
Llama 3 + Groq is the AI Heaven
SimpliSafe's new outdoor monitoring service combines AI with live agents
Japan is sending a 'sugar baby' to prison for 9 years for defrauding men out of $1M and selling a manual on how to do it
The Impact of Artificial Intelligence on Website Development
Amazon wants to host companies' custom generative AI models
Unraveling the Web: Navigating Databases in Web Technology
Microsoft's Phi-3 model is cool tech, but local LLMs are useless
7 Best Platforms to Practice Python
AI Starts to Sift Through String Theory's Near-Endless Possibilities
This AI newsletter is all you need #96
UAE continues to spearhead global collaborations with G42 selecting Qualcomm for AI Inference
Remix com importao automtica. Tenha um cdigo mais limpo.
SAP Unveils AI-Driven Supply Chain Solutions at Hannover Messe 2024
AI Can Now Edit DNA of Human Cells
Data Scientist Breakdown: Skills, Certifications, and Salary
Knowledge Series #32: What's a monorepo?
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Building Chatbots
Spotify hits record profit as active user base grows to 615m
LoRA: Revolutionizing Large Language Model Adaptation without Fine-Tuning
Netflix's Atlas is looking more and more like a buddy cop movie about working with AI
Implementing infinite scroll in Next.js with Server Actions
Microsoft shrinks AI down to pocket size with Phi-3 Mini
Australia's Spy Chief Warns AI Set to Accelerate Radicalization
AMD Radeon RX 8000 RDNA 4 GPUs rumored to use slower 18 Gbps GDDR6 memory
The Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses have multimodal AI now
Google Researchers Warn That People Could Get Too Close to AI Avatars
Microsoft's Phi-3 Beats Llama 3 8B
Ships smuggling Russian oil spotted in satellite images by AI
12 Common Data Security Bad Practices to Avoid
Weeknotes: Llama 3, AI for Data Journalism, llm-evals and datasette-secrets
Retrieval Augmented Generation: Where Information Retrieval Meets Text Generation
As cloud computing evolves, Amazon's AWS looks for its role in generative AI
Gaza war: artificial intelligence is changing the speed of targeting and scale of civilian harm in unprecedented ways
Meta rolls out an early access multimodal AI to Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses, primarily to help identify objects, translate signs, and write Instagram captions (Victoria Song/The Verge)
Personalization has the potential to democratize who decides how LLMs behave
Bringing down sky scrapers' sky-high carbon footprint with Joselyn Lai from Bedrock
AWS Widens Amazon Bedrock Platform With Custom Model Imports, Evaluation, Choices, and Content Filtering
Learn How to Build a Web Quiz App with Basic JS, HTML & CSS
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 15/04 to 21/04
VisualCV Review: The #1 AI Online Resume & CV Builder?
[N] Phi-3-mini released on HuggingFace
Meta Opens Quest's Operating System to Other Device Makers | Horizon OS: Lifeline for the Metaverse?
My predictions for the next 5 years of AI - NVIDIA, OpenAI, ASI, Project Stargate - 2024 to 2029
LangGraph 101: it's better than LangChain
Phew!!! New AI Models are TOO BORING!!!
Apple said to be developing its own AI server processor using TSMC's 3nm process
A24 Criticized For Using AI-Generated Movie Posters for 'Civil War'
What Does WebAssembly Mean for the Server and GenAI?
MulticoreWare joins Renesas R-Car Consortium
Sources: AI search engine Perplexity is raising $250M+ at a $2.5B to $3B valuation; previous backers NEA and IVP are among those looking to invest (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Snowflake 101: A Comprehensive Guide to the Data Cloud
Perplexity Looks To Raise $250M-Plus At Valuation Of $2.5B Or More   Report
Top 6 Strategies for Reducing Data Warehouse Costs
Microsoft took down its WizardLM 2 LLM after it reportedly missed  toxicity testing , but people already downloaded and re-uploaded it to GitHub, Hugging Face (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
Arhasi's Confidentiality Concierge redefines AI Chatbot Security
Microsoft unveils Pi-3 family of small language models
microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct-gguf
The Best Strategy for AI Deployment
New Relic Enhances AI Monitoring, Industry's First APM for AI
Perplexity AI Raises $63M at $1B Valuation, Expands to Enterprise Market
DS becoming underpaid Software Engineers?
A simple trick makes Meta's Llama 3 model go rogue
Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses do the AI thing without a projector or subscription
Open Source Manifesto
The biggest AI companies agree to crack down on child abuse images
Denoising Radar Satellite Images with Python Has Never Been So Easy
sum(), prod() and cartesian_prod() in PyTorch
The Quest for Clarity: Are Interpretable Neural Networks the Future of Ethical AI?
Introduction of Neural Style Transfer   A Pioneer in Generative AI
Wary Nvidia Traders Eye Call Option Play Ahead of Earnings
Unraveling the Code: Creating Bubble Text for April #CodePenChallenge
Introduction to Kaggle and Scoring Top 7% in the Titanic Competition
Webinar: Enhance LLMs with RAG and Accelerate Enterprise AI with Pure Storage and NVIDIA
Quoting Daniel Holmgren
AI search engine Perplexity.ai hits billion dollar valuation and releases new enterprise offering
Udio =  Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.  Arthur C. Clarke
Speak, Don't Type: Exploring Voice Interaction with LLMs [Part 1]
Learning Deep Learning from scratch
PETS (Paranormal Ethereal Tank Spirits)
Tesla teases a ridehailing function in its app and says its robotaxi will be  purpose-built , suggesting it will be built from the ground up to be self-driving (Andrew J. Hawkins/The Verge)
Microsoft's Phi-3 shows the surprising power of small, locally run AI language models
Mapping the brain pathways of visual memorability
Microsoft unveils Phi-3 family of small language models
The Top Five Data Labeling Firms According to Everest Group
Announcing the General Availability of Databricks Asset Bundles
Waymo robotaxi drives down wrong side of the street after being alarmed by unicyclists
Vyond's video generator adds AI that businesses will love. Try it for yourself
Exploring Numeric Data Types in Rust and Go
8 AI Business Trends in 2024, According to Stanford Researchers
Redact PII in Audio with Make and AssemblyAI
The world's leading AI companies pledge to protect the safety of children online
Bot posting on twitter using Plang
10 Best AI Shopify Tools (April 2024)
[R] Wu's Method can Boost Symbolic AI to Rival Silver Medalists and AlphaGeometry to Outperform Gold Medalists at IMO Geometry
OpenAI announces new enterprise-grade features for API customers, including enhanced security, administrative controls, and new Assistants API capabilities (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Introducing the AssemblyAI app for Make (Integromat)
Taser company Axon launches an AI tool that turns body cam audio into police reports to save time; critics worry it will introduce errors into crucial evidence (Forbes)
Cops Are Now Using AI to Generate Police Reports
New mitigation framework reduces bias in classification outcomes
With a game show as his guide, researcher uses AI to predict deception
Cops Using AI That Automatically Generates Police Reports From Body Cam Footage
Meta does everything OpenAI should be [D]
Comparative Analysis of Llama 3 with AI Models like GPT-4, Claude, and Gemini
How to Master the Art of Early-Stage Fundraising
AI enthusiasm #7 - Build an AI-powered Telegram Bot!
Tesla reveals what its Uber-like robotaxi app would look like
Creating a Spotify Playlist Management App with AI dev tools
CVPR 2024 Datasets and Benchmarks - Part 1: Datasets
Coordinate-wise monotonic transformations enable privacy-preserving age estimation with 3D face point cloud
This AI Paper Proposes a Novel Bayesian Deep Learning Model with Kernel Dropout Designed to Enhance the Reliability of Predictions in Medical Text Classification Tasks
[R] Generalized Contrastive Learning for Multi-Modal Retrieval and Ranking
How to containerize a Flask Python application using Docker
Explore LLama 3 with Paperspace
Nvidia, Tesla, Intel and Apple graduates raise $30m to fix the AI compute bottleneck
Ex-Stanford President's AI Drug Startup Pulls In $1 Billion in Commitments
New Relic AI monitoring, the industry's first APM for AI, is here!
Gestin de Entidades DPE (parte 2)
Quoting Erika Hall
Microsoft Edge browser adds Copilot AI feature that can rewrite your text
Um bot feito em ShellScript que envia a cotao do Dlar para Real no Telegram.
Google AI Proposes MathWriting: Transforming Handwritten Mathematical Expression Recognition with Extensive Human-Written and Synthetic Dataset Integration and Enhanced Model Training
How a Virtual Assistant Taught Me to Appreciate Busywork
Convergences and Divergences between Automatic Assessment and Human Evaluation: Insights from Comparing ChatGPT-Generated Translation and Neural Machine Translation
How RAG completes the generative AI puzzle
Podcast: Navigating AI, Platform Engineering, and Staff-Plus: InfoQ Dev Summit Boston Preview
ASML CEO Wennink's Exit Leaves US-China Semiconductor Fight to Successor
India Leads Global AI Project Implementation: Report Reveals
Emulating neurodegeneration and aging in artificial intelligence systems
Meta's A.I. Assistant Is Fun to Use, but It Can't Be Trusted
Privacy is not 'absolute': Asio boss calls for tech companies to work with police   video
TNW Podcast: Sebastian Aristotelis on thriving in space; the future of ASML and Stability AI
How to Detect Floods in Satellite Imagery, Case Study: Dubai Flooding
LLMs for Science: Usage for Code Generation and Data Analysis
China Approves US Listing for Self-Driving Firm in Easing Sign
China's mega-telcos are spending billions on AI servers
I went on a date with an AI chatbot. He fell head over heels in love with me, but I got the ick.
Organizing Python Functions in Utility Classes
UNDERSTANDING MEMORY USAGE: INSIGHTS ON RECURSION AND DO WHILE LOOPS
Cohere Unveils SnapKV to Cut Memory & Processing Time in LLMs
French startup FlexAI exits stealth with $30M to ease access to AI compute
The Future of AI: Embracing Tomorrow's Technology
A Survey on Autonomous Driving Datasets: Statistics, Annotation Quality, and a Future Outlook
China approves US listing of self-driving startup Pony.ai, which plans to sell up to 98M shares and list on Nasdaq or NYSE, signaling an ease on the crackdown (Bloomberg)
Presentation: Combating AI-Generated Fake Images with JavaScript Libraries
[D] Practical uses of AI inside companies
Job titles of the future: AI prompt engineer
Permutation Feature Importance from Scratch
Parloa, a conversational AI platform for customer service, raises $66M
Artificial Intelligence Means Smaller Teams Doing More with Less Makes the Small Autonomous Teams Structure Even More Important
'We May be Able to Create an Infinite Data Generation Engine with Synthetic Data,' says Anthropic CEO
VDTuner: A Machine Learning-Based Automatic Performance Tuning Framework for Vector Data Management Systems (VDMSs)
AWS Brings Meta's Llama 3 Models on Amazon Bedrock
Interpretable Deep Learning for Biodiversity Monitoring: Introducing AudioProtoPNet
Cops are Using AI Cameras to Generate Police Reports
Doctors Use Apple Vision Pro to Enhance Shoulder Arthroscopy Surgery
Google's search boss reportedly warns staff that life won't be 'hunky-dory forever' amid rise of AI rivals
Gemini AI - Generative AI by Google
[D] How researcher think of inductive bias when thinking of creating new/improving foundational models?
How AI hallucinations could help create life-saving antibiotics
The top programming languages to learn if you want to get into AI
Quick tips for Frontend Challenge
Perplexity Enterprise Debuts Alongside New Funding Round and $1B Valuation
Add A Chatbot Widget To React App Using Chatbuild.io
Paris-based FlexAI, which is developing an on-demand cloud service for AI training, emerges from stealth with a $30M in seed funding (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
UiPath Launches New Data Centers in Pune, Chennai to Expand India Footprint
India will Need at least $200-300 Mn to Build GPT-5-level AI Model
Landscape of Data Management Tools
Fibe Leverages Amazon Bedrock to Increase Customer Support Efficiency by 30%
SK Hynix Plans $15 Billion Chip Expansion to Meet AI Demand
Meta AI is fully cooked. Thinks it's a human called James Baker
Research team develops novel metric for evaluation of risk-return tradeoff in off-policy evaluation
VAL: Interactive Task Learning with GPT Dialog Parsing
An Overview of Advancements in Deep Reinforcement Learning (Deep RL)
OpenAI Introduces New Enterprise-Grade Features for API Customers
Clarapath, Mayo Clinic to Advance Pathology Tissue Processing
This 18-Year-Old Programmer is Creating an Open Source Alternative to Redis
Guardians of the Syntax: Securing Enterprise LLM Systems against Emerging Threats
My Favorite DevTools to Build AI/ML Applications!
Queensland's state library launched an AI war veteran chatbot. Pranksters immediately tried to break it
Embarking on a YouTube Challenge: Python, Django, Cyber Security
Adobe's impressive AI upscaling project makes blurry videos look HD
Attention-Map Augmentation for Hypercomplex Breast Cancer Classification
Hidden Flaws Behind Expert-Level Accuracy of GPT-4 Vision in Medicine
Mobvoi, a Google-backed Chinese smartwatch and AI company, fell as much as 22% in the first day of trading, after raising $41M in its Hong Kong IPO (Filipe Pacheco/Bloomberg)
China's SenseTime Soars 36% After Unveiling Latest AI Model
Comparing Microsoft Clarity with Google Analytics: Which is Better for Your Site?
Every month I pay for a different LLM. What should I try next?
Prime Intellect secures $5.5M in Seed Funding
Automation Anywhere appoints Tim McDonough as CMO
This creamy vegan cheese was made with AI
Forcura launches Referral Summary for Post-Acute Care Market
This Bot Downloads Media from any Tweet and Set Reminders for Future reference
Live CEOing Ep 790: Design Review of Compiler Features Continued
NEW Phi-3 mini 3.8B LLM for Your PHONE: 1st TEST
How-To Run Llama 3 LOCALLY with RAG!!! (GPT4ALL Tutorial)
Live CEOing Ep 788: Design Review of PDE modeling, Solving & Analysis Features
EP60: Rabit r1 Launch Party, LAMs, Microsoft's Phi-3, Hume AI EVI API, Llama3 Updates & Groq Speed
Live CEOing Ep 789: Design Review of Machine Learning Features
DSPy Assertions: Computational Constraints for Self-Refining LM Pipelines // Arnav Singhvi // Talk
C.P. Gurnani & InterGlobe's Rahul Bhatia Announce AI Business Venture AIonOS
Microsoft, Amazon AI Deals Get Deeper UK Antitrust Scrutiny
Building an AI-Powered Meeting Transcript Summarizer using NodeJS and AI API
Law prof predicts generative AI will die at the hands of watchdogs
OpenAI's new 'instruction hierarchy' could make AI models harder to fool
Ibuprofeno.py | #89: Explica este cdigo Python
Hands-on with the Meta AI chatbot: fails at basic search queries, stinks at counting, excels at editing existing paragraphs, quickly creates images, and more (Brian X. Chen/New York Times)
Can Spotify's AI Playlist Get the Vibes Right?
Paris startup adds 'universal compute' weapon to France's growing AI arsenal
Berlin-based Parloa, which uses conversational AI to automate call center operations, raised a $66M Series B led by Altimeter, after a $21M Series A in 2023 (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
Lin Qiao, CEO & Co-Founder of Fireworks AI   Interview Series
Top Power BI Books to Read in 2024
Pharma Startup Uses AI to Test Old Drugs to Treat Rare Diseases
Rabbit's AI Assistant Is Here. And Soon a Camera Wearable Will Be Too
Overcoming the Top Security Challenges of AI-Driven Low-Code/No Code  Development
BCG Predicts AI to Drive 20% of 2024 Revenues, Doubling to 40% by 2026
Leftover Lunch: Advantage-based Offline Reinforcement Learning for Language Models
NyquistAI   Advancing Beyond Data to AI Transformation for Life Sciences
iPhone to become AI Phone with iOS 18
Now Run Programs in Real Time with Llama 3 on Groq
Writers must show their humanity to defeat AI usurpers
RETVec: Resilient and Efficient Text Vectorizer
Meta's $350 Billion Rally to Collide With Lofty AI Expectations
Run Snowflake Arctic with an API
Everything You Need to Know About Llama 3 | Most Powerful Open-Source Model Yet | Concepts to Usage
Sundar Pichai admits the generative AI boom took Google by surprise
Skymizer spearheads compiler-centric AI Revolution with EdgeThought
A morning with the Rabbit R1: a fun, funky, unfinished AI gadget
OpenAI ramps up enterprise support with a focus on security, control, and cost
JailbreakBench: An Open Robustness Benchmark for Jailbreaking Large Language Models
Meet CopilotKit: An Open-Source Copilot Platform for Seamless AI Integration in Any Application
Adobe Launches Firefly Image 3 Beta With Auto Stylisation, Structure Reference Capabilities
The Instruction Hierarchy: Training LLMs to Prioritize Privileged Instructions
Top 10 PHP Testing Frameworks for 2024
Snowflake Releases Open Enterprise LLM, Arctic with 480 Billion Parameters
From LLM to NMT: Advancing Low-Resource Machine Translation with Claude
atNorth announces New Chief Development Officer
AGI is what you want it to be
My go-to Python snippets
Tines taps $50M to expand its workflow automation beyond security teams
From shrimp Jesus to fake self-portraits, AI-generated images have become the latest form of social media spam
UK probes Amazon and Microsoft over AI partnerships with Mistral, Anthropic, and Inflection
5 Free Advanced Python Programming Courses
May Philly Data & AI Happy Hour
Cisco Systems joins Microsoft, IBM in Vatican pledge to ensure ethical use and development of AI
Snowflake releases a flagship generative AI model of its own
It looks like Microsoft's ex-Bing boss just threw shade at Mustafa Suleyman
Current LLMs  undertrained by a factor of maybe 100-1000X or more  says OpenAI co-founder
US companies racing to build data centers to serve AI demand is causing a shortage of parts, property, and power; cooling system lead times are now 5x longer (Wall Street Journal)
Pixel is a Barrier: Diffusion Models Are More Adversarially Robust Than We Think
Former Magic Leapers launch a platform for AR experiences
[R] SpaceByte: Towards Deleting Tokenization from Large Language Modeling - Rice University 2024 - Practically the same performance as subword tokenizers without their many downsides!
NaturalSpeech 3: Zero-Shot Speech Synthesis with Factorized Codec and Diffusion Models
Nvidia acquires AI workload management startup Run:ai
Brent Barcey joins OSARO as SVP Corporate Development
The TikTok ban clears key hurdle while Perplexity AI continues to shake up search
Integrating Generative AI in Content Creation
Image Slider | HTML & CSS
Exploring Keras High-level APIs in TensorFlow 2.0:
Nvidia Agrees to Acquire Israeli AI Software Provider Run:ai
Snowflake's open-source Arctic LLM to take on Llama 3, Grok, Mistral, and DBRX
Unreal-CTO: Tech mentor, full stack-overflow AI
Microsoft unveils Phi-3 family of compact language models
Meta LLAMA 3   Most Capable Open LLM
Balancing Act: LLM Priors and Retrieved Information in RAG Systems
How to Simplify Global State Management in React Using Jotai
Lenovo advances Hybrid AI Innovation to meet Intensive Workloads demand
Apple Releases Four Open Source LLMs with OpenELM Series of Models
Nvidia acquires AI infrastructure orchestration and management platform Run:ai, a source says for ~$700M; Run:ai, founded in 2018, raised $118M in total (Meir Orbach/CTech)
Stainless is helping OpenAI, Anthropic and others build SDKs for their APIs
UK competition watchdog steps up scrutiny of big tech's role in AI startups
Microsoft Launches AI-Powered Industrial Copilot at Hannover Messe 2024
physipy: make python unit-aware
[D] Why would such a simple sentence break an LLM?
Augmented Assignment Operators
Researchers use AI to edit human DNA
Billionaire investor Howard Marks says AI's impact doesn't make it immune to a crash
What (online) courses/program should I take to become a ML engineer?
5 Strategies for Better Results from an AI Code Assistant
Meta Ray-Ban Smart Glasses Get AI Boost
Apple debuts OpenELM, a family of language models with 270M, 450M, 1.1B, and 3B parameters, designed to run on-device, pre-trained and fine-tuned on public data (Shubham Sharma/VentureBeat)
Python Meets Pawn 2: Clustering Chess Grandmasters based on their Openings
OpenAI rolls out new features to entice companies to build AI solutions
My First Steps into Mastering SAP's Data Models
How to Enhance Developer Productivity with Platform Engineering
Source: Cognition, which offers an AI coding assistant, raised $175M led by Founders Fund at a $2B valuation, a month after a Series A at a $350M valuation (Kate Clark/The Information)
Klarna partners with Uber to power Uber and Uber Eats payments, adding its Pay Now option in the US, Germany, and Sweden, but not installment-based payments (Ryan Browne/CNBC)
Why Deep Learning Models Run Faster on GPUs: A Brief Introduction to CUDA Programming
Uncertainty Quantification and Why You Should Care
Hired as a  Sr. Data Science Analyst , but not doing any DS
AI 'Photos' Reimagine 1940s New York City
Native Popover API in HTML
AI-powered 'deep medicine' could transform healthcare in the NHS and reconnect staff with their patients
DARPA's New 12-Ton Robot Tank Has Glowing Green Eyes for Some Reason
Microsoft claims that small, localized language models can be powerful as well
Elon Musk Needs Robots, and He Needs Them Now
Elon Musk wants to turn Tesla's fleet into AWS for AI   would it work?
Scientists pioneer new X-ray microscopy method for data analysis 'on the fly'
Fedora 40 is out: Linux 6.8, GNOME 46 and KDE Plasma 6 environment
Experimenting with MLFlow and Microsoft Fabric
[R] I made an app to predict ICML paper acceptance from reviews
Six Months Old Cognition Labs Raises $175 Mn from Founders Fund at $2 Bn Valuation
Sustainability and Data Analytics: Missed Opportunities Due to Integration Failures
Prompt Hacking, Private GPTs, Zero-Day Exploits and Deepfakes: Report Reveals the Impact of AI on Cyber Security Landscape
Quoting Cherlynn Low
Mastering Conversations: A Guide to Building and Using a Java-Based Chat (StarChat) with IRIS Cloud SQL.
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 15/04 to 21/04
OneTrust's Partner Program evolution enables innovation with Data & AI
Announcing LangSmith is now a transactable offering in the Azure Marketplace
Autonomous Fighter Jets Use AI in Real World Tests Against Human Pilots
TechCrunch Minute: Perplexity AI could be worth up to $3B. Here's why
Rabbit R1 hands-on: Already more fun and accessible than the Humane AI Pin
Anon is building an automated authentication layer for the gen AI age
How will AI-driven solutions affect the business landscape?
In this game, you type what you want to build. (Made with ChatGPT and Dall-E.)
Adobe's VideoGigaGAN turns low-res videos into high-res, detailed clips
Advancing the safety of AI-driven machinery requires closer collaboration with humans
OracleBootCamp - 5 May 2024
Earth Day Frontend Challenge
Unboxing the $199 Rabbit R1: First impressions of the latest AI gadget
[N] Snowflake releases open (Apache 2.0) 128x3B MoE model
Snowflake says its new LLM outperforms Meta's Llama 3 on half the training
Two-thirds of top pharma firms ban employees from using ChatGPT
Rubber Ducker - GPT +
Tesla's Self-Driving Software Is a Perpetual Revenue Letdown
What is the difference between a data scientist and a data analyst role?
AI Tools and Refactoring
Stripe says some of its products will be available to companies that are using other payments providers, and unveils new embedded finance features and AI tools (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Japan plans international forum to discuss regulation of generative AI
I Said Goodbye to ChatGPT and Hello to Llama 3 on Open WebUI - You Should Too
Eric Schmidt-backed Augment, a GitHub Copilot rival, launches out of stealth with $252M
Apple said to be working on a custom AI server chip based on TSMC's 3nm process
Why the AI Industry's Thirst for New Data Centers Can't Be Satisfied
Apple's new AI model hints at how AI could come to the iPhone
Why code-testing startup Nova AI uses open source LLMs more than OpenAI
Netint Joins Ampere's AI Platform Alliance
Leading AI Companies Promise to Protect Children From Dangers of AI
Amazon Bedrock Expands Palette of Large Language Models
Meta's Profits More Than Double, While Spending on A.I. Rises
Do employers want AI skills or AI-enhanced skills? That could depend on you
Shining a light on oil fields to make them more sustainable
Join us for Azure Developers - .NET Day on April 30!
How to use Microsoft's AI-powered Clipchamp to create a video montage - for free
Drake threatened with lawsuit over diss track featuring AI Tupac
Rabbit's R1 is a little AI gadget that grows on you
Meta Projects Higher Spending, Weak Revenue in AI Push
On the trail of deepfakes, researchers identify 'fingerprints' of AI-generated video
Rabbit R1 unboxing: My first impressions of the $199 AI gadget
Child pedestrians, self-driving vehicles: What's the safest scenario for crossing the road?
JoyBot will make you smile
US prosecutors charge two founders of the Samourai Wallet crypto mixing service, saying it facilitated more than $100M in money laundering transactions (Bob Van Voris/Bloomberg)
Facebook's Meta AI is lying when it says you can disable it - but here's what you can do
AI Can Tell Your Political Affiliation Just by Looking at Your Face, Researchers Find
Live CEOing Ep 791: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [DateObject Typesetting and More]
RealChar: Creating Communicative AI Agents That Speak!
Why Generative AI is the Most Powerful Tech Ever
Business, Innovation, and Managing Life (April 24, 2024)
Microsoft Unveils Phi-3: Powerful Open AI Models Delivering Top Performance at Small Sizes
With Run:ai acquisition, Nvidia aims to manage your AI kubes
Snowflake Touts Speed, Efficiency of New 'Arctic' LLM
Apple releases OpenELM, a slightly more accurate LLM
Back to Basics: The Role of AI in Cybersecurity
Deepfakes in the courtroom: US judicial panel debates new AI evidence rules
Meta's stock drops 15%+ as the company issues a light Q2 revenue forecast and higher FY 2024 capital expenditures due to increased AI infrastructure investments (Ashley Capoot/CNBC)
How to add CSS to HTML files.
EXCITING WAYS TO ADD CSS IN HTML: UNDERSTANDING INLINE, INTERNAL & EXTERNAL
What Are SEIPs? The New Way Engineering Leaders Measure Successful AI Adoption
Getting started with HTML EP3
Seeking Insights from Application Developers
Scalable Load Balancing Having Cloud GPU Service Salad Tutorial With Whisper Transcriber Gradio APP
Rabbit's R1 AI gadget gets first hands-on testing
Is Teaching One of the Best Ways To Learn?
Salesforce-Informatica Deal Appears to Have Fallen Through
AI coding assistant startup Augment emerges from stealth with a $227M Series B at a $977M post-money valuation, following a $25M Series A led by Sutter Hill (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Meta's AI plans are costing way more than they thought
LWiAI Podcast #163 - Llama 3, Grok-1.5 Vision, new Atlas robot, RHO-1, Medium ban
New Features in FeynCalc 10
W&B Automations to update and deploy models on Edge Devices
Fostering Connections and Careers with MLOps Community // Demetrios Brinkmann // Podcast #220 clip
Leave No Context Behind: Efficient Infinite Context Transformers with Infini-attention
Decoding Code Execution: How DeepMind's NExT Empowers AI Reasoning
Zuckerberg says it will take Meta years to make money from generative AI
Why Vector Compression Matters
Mark Zuckerberg laid out 3 ways Meta will make money from its huge AI investments
Microsoft AI Releases Phi-3 Family of Models: A 3.8B Parameter Language Model Trained on 3.3T Tokens Locally on Your Phone
Accelerating AI: The Role of Kubernetes in Data Science Workflows
Toxi-Phi: Training A Model To Forget Its Alignment With 500 Rows of Data
Jotai Tips
Nooks, whose AI tools can analyze sales calls and summarize customer interactions, raised a $22M Series A led by Lachy Groom, bringing its total funding to $27M (Ken Yeung/VentureBeat)
Implementation of Melodistiq: Generating Lyrics and Melodies with AI
Llama 3 Plugin
Complete Coze tutorial: Build AI Chatbots from scratch
OpenCRISPR: An Open-Source AI-Generated Gene Editor that Exhibits Compatibility with Base Editing
Hands-on with the Rabbit R1: a fun and funky AI device that feels pretty nice and does a solid job with basic AI questions, but the Rabbithole app is unfinished (David Pierce/The Verge)
AI Memory Boom Propels SK Hynix's Fastest Sales Growth Since 2010
Reddit, AI spam bots explore new ways to show ads in your feed
Craft your cover letter with this AI bot run by Coze AI
Xaira, an AI drug discovery startup, launches with a massive $1B, says it's 'ready' to start developing drugs
Got the offer - where should I go?
Adobe Firefly and Photoshop receive new AI enhancements, hilarity ensues
Mark Zuckerberg appeared to take a shot at Apple's Vision Pro
Anlisis de Fraude Bancario con AWS Athena, AWS Lambda y Pandas
Update VulnHunterDB
Deploy your own ChatGPT in 5 minutes
JP Morgan AI Research Introduces FlowMind: A Novel Machine Learning Approach that Leverages the Capabilities of LLMs such as GPT to Create an Automatic Workflow Generation System
Most Global Tech Leaders See Their Companies Unprepared for AI
Email ID and website URL validations in your jQuery
Top 10 Explainable AI (XAI) Frameworks
Snowflake Arctic Cookbook
Memory maker SK Hynix's profit jump shows AI demand is going strong
[D] Preserving spatial distribution of data during data splitting
Quoting James Betker
Microsoft and Amazon's AI ambitions spark regulatory rumble
[D] tutorial on how to build streaming ML applications
'To the Future': Saudi Arabia Spends Big to Become an A.I. Superpower
PyTorch Releases Version 2.3 with Focus on Large Language Models and Sparse Inference
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/24/2024
Mark Zuckerberg says Meta AI assistant has been  tried  by  tens of millions of people  and it will take Meta several years to make money from generative AI (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Here's Who's Winning the Global Fight for AI Talent
[D] Why is R^2 so crazy?
Blogmarks that use markdown
A look at AI video startup Synthesia, whose avatars are more human-like and expressive than predecessors, raising concerns over the consequences of realistic AI (Melissa Heikkil&auml;/MIT Technology Review)
An AI startup made a hyperrealistic deepfake of me that's so good it's scary
WebDevDocs Workflow
Snowflake launches Arctic: The Most Open, Enterprise-Grade LLM
Data Science Project Management
GitHub Secures Millions of Developers Through Two-Factor Authentication
Researchers at MIT Propose 'MAIA': An Artificial Intelligence System that Uses Neural Network Models to Automate Neural Model Understanding Tasks
SK Networks launches AI Lab in Silicon Valley, USA
ChatGPT Franais : Rvolution dans le Paysage Linguistique
Jensen Huang Personally Delivers First NVIDIA DGX H200 to OpenAI
Gemini API 102: Next steps beyond  Hello World!
90% of Indian Internet Users are already using AI, says Report
Build an AI-powered campaign manager (Next.js, OpenAI, CopilotKit)
No, Most Books Don't Sell Only a Dozen Copies
Siemens Debuts Generative AI-Powered Industrial Copilot at Hannover Messe 2024
AI Travel Bot - Made with Coze AI
Global CIOs geared up to scale AI but organizations aren't as ready
These AI avatars now come with human-like expressions
Zerodha CTO Says He Stopped Googling Technical Stuff Over the Past Year
What is web ontology language?
Free AI Webinar Alert: 'Is RAG Really Dead? Hands-on with Gemini's New 1M Token Context Window' [Date: April 29, 10 am]
Understanding Key Terminologies in Large Language Model (LLM) Universe
Are emergent abilities of large language models a mirage?   Interview with Brando Miranda
A look at Saudi Arabia's spending blitz to become an AI superpower, which has put the kingdom in the middle of an escalating global competition over AI (New York Times)
Sup3rCC: An Open-Source Machine Learning Model that Simulates Future Climate Conditions and Their Impact on Renewable Energy Resources
Snowflake announces Arctic, an LLM optimized for enterprise tasks such as SQL generation, coding, and instruction following, with an Apache 2.0 license (Shubham Sharma/VentureBeat)
Caught Between the US and China, a Powerful AI Upstart Chooses Sides
Healthtech AI startup Endimension Technology raises INR 6 Crore in Pre-Series A Round
Microsoft's Phi AI Models Show it is Not Just an OpenAI Reseller
Forget the AI doom and hype, let's make computers useful
Researchers at ServiceNow Propose a Machine Learning Approach to Deploy a Retrieval Augmented LLM to Reduce Hallucination and Allow Generalization in a Structured Output Task
Exploring the Potential of Generative AI in Ecommerce
Salesforce Einstein Copilot AI Assistant Enters General Availability
To Know Is Also to Remember
Adobe Unveils World's First Large-Scale GAN-based Model for Video Super-Resolution
'Americans just work harder' than Europeans, said the CEO of Norway's $1.6 trillion oil fund
How to Keep on Developing as a Data Scientist
Lenovo survey of 750 CIOs: 96% expect increased AI investment in the next 12 months and 42% don't expect to show return on AI investments for the next two years (Vlad Savov/Bloomberg)
How to create a YAML file
Smartphones Will Soon be Dead
The Untold Truth: Data Quality Issues in Your Data Warehouse Nobody Will Tell You About
Understanding and Mitigating Message Loss in Apache Kafka
How do we accurately measure objects in the real world using Computer Vision without any reference object?
Why NVIDIA is Acquiring Run:ai
Synology Launches Advanced Data Management & Security Solutions Against Ransomware in India
K Krithivasan, the CEO of Indian IT giant TCS, says there'll be  minimal  need for call centers in as soon as a year, as AI chatbots take over much of the work (Financial Times)
Heard on the Street   4/25/2024
The Adventures of Blink #20: Facial Recognition with Python
Microsoft, Alphabet Face a 'Show Me' Moment After Meta Misfire
Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI is Meta's future. Not everyone is convinced.
How to Use Raw Data in Web Analytics
Bezos, Nvidia Backed ChatGPT Rival Doubles Valuation to $1B
Study explores why human-inspired machines can be perceived as eerie
Snowflake Arctic: The Cutting-Edge LLM for Enterprise AI
Ads for Explicit 'AI Girlfriends' Are Swarming Facebook and Instagram
Startups are working overtime to reduce the massive climate impact of AI
Meta shares plunge as Mark Zuckerberg's AI push spooks investors
Can Artificial Intelligence Make Insurance More Affordable?
Language Model Enhances Road Navigation, Provides Commentary
Edge 390: Diving Into Databricks' DBRX: One of the Most Impressive Open Source LLMs Released Recently
Deep Learning
The Morning After: Testing the Rabbit R1's AI assistant skills
Celebrities routinely drop in on this Florida university's hospitality course
Why IBM is Acquiring HashiCorp
Open Compute Project Foundation, iMasons collaborate
Meta accelerates AI development and aims for market leadership
Choosing the Right Path: How Industrial Companies Should Approach AI-Powered Technologies
AI unicorn Synthesia launches most 'emotionally expressive' avatars on the market
Auto Wiki v2 by Mutable AI: Converting Code into Articles Similar to Wikipedia
AI-Powered App Deciphers Baby Cries Boosts Parent-Child Communication
7 Python Libraries Every Data Engineer Should Know
ScreenCapture -Compose Multiplatform(KMP)
India's ICICI Bank exposed thousands of credit cards to 'wrong' users
Watch it and weep (or smile): Synthesia's AI video avatars now feature emotions
Researchers at NC State University Combines Three-Dimensional Embroidery Techniques with Machine Learning to Create a Fabric-based Sensor that can Control Electronic Devices through Touch
Researchers Optimize AI Agent Workloads Innovatively
7 reasons I use Copilot instead of ChatGPT
For Practitioners, by Practitioners: Solve Your Software Challenges at InfoQ & QCon Software Events
Computer vision on an MCU, and I got this fan that follows my every single move! No more manual adjustments or stagnant air!!!
I fine-tuned my model on a new programming language. You can do it too!
Qura AI
Reid Hoffman Creates a DeepFake of Himself, Reid AI
A Wake-Up Call For Sustainable AI Data Centers
Snowflake trains 480B MoE in $2 million
Healthify Uses OpenAI's GPTs to Help Indians Make Better Health Choices
What are some examples of successful AI implementations in business?
Researchers at Apple Release OpenELM: Model Improving NLP Efficiency Using Layer-Wise Innovation and Open-Source Approach
GitHub Copilot Rival, Augment Secures $252 Mn at $1 Bn Valuation to Boost AI for Developers
Adobe's new upscaling tech uses AI to sharpen video
Extreme announced the launch of Extreme Labs
AIOS: Operating System for LLM Agents
The Download: hyperrealistic deepfakes, and clean energy's implications for mining
Worldcoin Eyes Partnership with OpenAI Despite Regulatory Setbacks
Hidden Gems of Tailwind CSS
What Is an AI Gateway and Do You Need One Yet?
Latitude: The missing analytics layer between your database and your users
AI-Empowered Software Testing [Spartans Summit 2024]
Meta's value plummets as Zuckerberg admits AI needs more time and money
Chatbot answers are all made up. This new tool helps you figure out which ones to trust.
Europe taps deep learning to make industrial robots safer colleagues
[D] What is the best TTS model for my case?
7 End-to-End MLOps Platforms You Must Try in 2024
Integrate Llama3 Into Your Application with Just One Command!
Carv raises $10M Series A to help gamers monetize their data
Ideas: Exploring AI frontiers with Rafah Hosn
GPU Poor, But Luxury Rich
Expand Your Data Science Toolkit with Our Latest Math and Stats Must-Reads
How to Create and Visualize a Directed Weighted Graph with Parallel Edges and Different Weights Using Python?
Bringing the End-User into the AI Picture
Tech giants are spending more on AI amid slow returns, and that's spooking investors
Integrating Django templates with React for dynamic webpages
Meta value falls $190bn as investors react to plan to increase spending on AI
Drake May Go to Court Over AI-Generated Tupac
Adobe's VideoGigaGAN uses AI to make blurry videos sharp and clear
Lambda Internals: Why AWS Lambda Will Not Help With Machine Learning
TikTok's Ticking Clock
Caution And Lack Of Understanding Steer UK Consumer Attitudes Towards Generative AI
Llama 3 Establishes Meta as the Leader in  Open  AI
Will AI Be the End of Programmers? What Happens to the IT Industry?
Igor Jablokov, Pryon: Building a responsible AI future
In a World Filled with AI, Where Will Developers Lie?
Sources: a Huawei-led consortium, backed by Chinese government funding, aims to compete with Nvidia by making high-bandwidth memory chips, used in GPUs, by 2026 (The Information)
Does AI Know What an Apple Is? She Aims to Find Out.
Stripe's decoupling, Tinder date sharing and Boom calls
Aetina announced the launch of the Aetina IA380E-QUFL
Quoting Alex Jason, via Adam Savage
Can we really trust AI to channel the public's voice for ministers? | Seth Lazar
Resolving Circular Imports in Python
37% Better Output with 15 Lines of Code - Llama 3 8B (Ollama) & 70B (Groq)
Signal in the Noise
Is a full-time job really  safer  than freelancing?
How Safe Are Data Centres Move Towards Nuclear Energy? | Story kya hai | EP 08
Building Conversational AI Agents with Voice // Michelle Chan // AI in Production Conference
Nvidia: The Only Overlord of AI's Future?
Reliable Hallucination Detection in Large Language Models // Jiaxin Zhang // AI in Production Talk
What Perplexity's Raise Says About the State of AI Hype
China aims to break free from Western tech reliance with high-bandwidth memory chip push
Graph-based metadata filtering for improving vector search in RAG applications
[D] Is there an equivalent BigDL project for NVIDIA GPUs, which allows distributing work loads across a DL cluster with spark?
MambaBit. The most cursed LLM?
[D] Why transformers are not trained layer-wise?
Sloan's Inbox: How to Approach Beginners Writing On Worn-Out Topics?
Here is a really nice article contributed by Taipy team on our platform [Bringing the End-User into the AI Picture]
Ukraine Is Riddled With Land Mines. Drones and AI Can Help
Catholic Group Defrocks AI Priest After It Claimed It Was a Real Member of the Clergy
Uncertainty Estimation and Quantification for LLMs: A Simple Supervised Approach
[D] Old Paper - Troubling Trends in Machine Learning Scholarship
Using Large Language Models to Enrich the Documentation of Datasets for Machine Learning
Minimal Evidence Group Identification for Claim Verification
Dataminr hires Brian Gumbel as New President, COO
Universal Adversarial Triggers Are Not Universal
MoDE: CLIP Data Experts via Clustering
From Complex to Simple: Enhancing Multi-Constraint Complex Instruction Following Ability of Large Language Models
One Subgraph for All: Efficient Reasoning on Opening Subgraphs for Inductive Knowledge Graph Completion
CodeIP: A Grammar-Guided Multi-Bit Watermark for Large Language Models of Code
DEFT: Data Efficient Fine-Tuning for Pre-Trained Language Models via Unsupervised Core-Set Selection
Assessing The Potential Of Mid-Sized Language Models For Clinical QA
OpenAI GPT-4 Outperforms Doctors in Diagnosing Eye Problems, Study Finds
Annotator-Centric Active Learning for Subjective NLP Tasks
Building an Email Assistant Application with Burr
DreamCraft: Text-Guided Generation of Functional 3D Environments in Minecraft
Tupac's estate threatens to sue Drake for his AI-infused Kendrick Lamar diss
Beyond Chain-of-Thought: A Survey of Chain-of-X Paradigms for LLMs
Bayesian Data Science: The What, Why, and How
Sublime, which monitors emails of companies and political campaigns to spot AI-generated phishing attacks, raised a $20M Series A, taking total funding to $30M (Thomas Brewster/Forbes)
Noise-Robust De-Duplication at Scale
When does MAML Work the Best? An Empirical Study on Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning in NLP Applications
Cantor: Inspiring Multimodal Chain-of-Thought of MLLM
The Landscape of Emerging AI Agent Architectures for Reasoning, Planning, and Tool Calling: A.
Emotionally Numb or Empathetic? Evaluating How LLMs Feel Using EmotionBench
Can Foundational Large Language Models Assist with Conducting Pharmaceuticals Manufacturing Investigations?
Return of EM: Entity-driven Answer Set Expansion for QA Evaluation
Hybrid LLM/Rule-based Approaches to Business Insights Generation from Structured Data
ChEX: Interactive Localization and Region Description in Chest X-rays
Detecting Conceptual Abstraction in LLMs
ImplicitAVE: An Open-Source Dataset and Multimodal LLMs Benchmark for Implicit Attribute Value Extraction
Towards Systematic Evaluation of Logical Reasoning Ability of Large Language Models
No Train but Gain: Language Arithmetic for training-free Language Adapters enhancement
PRISM: Patient Records Interpretation for Semantic Clinical Trial Matching using Large Language Models
CASPR: Automated Evaluation Metric for Contrastive Summarization
Wiki-LLaVA: Hierarchical Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Multimodal LLMs
Meta's AI is now in your Instagram and Facebook. Here's what it does &mdash; and whether you can turn it off
RoleLLM: Benchmarking, Eliciting, and Enhancing Role-Playing Abilities of Large Language Models
BASS: Batched Attention-optimized Speculative Sampling
The PRISM Alignment Project: What Participatory, Representative and Individualised Human Feedback Reveals About the Subjective and Multicultural Alignment of Large Language Models
GeoLLM-Engine: A Realistic Environment for Building Geospatial Copilots
The Promise and Challenges of Using LLMs to Accelerate the Screening Process of Systematic Reviews
Neural Proto-Language Reconstruction
A Comprehensive Survey on Evaluating Large Language Model Applications in the Medical Industry
DP-NMT: Scalable Differentially-Private Machine Translation
Effective Unsupervised Constrained Text Generation based on Perturbed Masking
Never Train from Scratch: Fair Comparison of Long-Sequence Models Requires Data-Driven Priors
Coca-Cola Inks $1.1B Deal to Tap Microsoft's AI, Cloud Tech
LLMCheckup: Conversational Examination of Large Language Models via Interpretability Tools and Self-Explanations
A Survey of Graph Meets Large Language Model: Progress and Future Directions
ToM-LM: Delegating Theory Of Mind Reasoning to External Symbolic Executors in Large Language Models
Exploring LLM Prompting Strategies for Joint Essay Scoring and Feedback Generation
Retrieval Head Mechanistically Explains Long-Context Factuality
Boost Your Code's Efficiency: Introducing Semantic Cache with Qdrant
Study reveals tension between a LLM's prior knowledge and reference data
A Quantum Problem AI Simulations Will Not Be Able to Address
KS-LLM: Knowledge Selection of Large Language Models with Evidence Document for Question Answering
CatLIP: CLIP-level Visual Recognition Accuracy with 2.7x Faster Pre-training on Web-scale Image-Text Data
Generalization Measures for Zero-Shot Cross-Lingual Transfer
BattleAgent: Multi-modal Dynamic Emulation on Historical Battles to Complement Historical Analysis
Sequence can Secretly Tell You What to Discard
ICDM 2020 Knowledge Graph Contest: Consumer Event-Cause Extraction
Launching FlowTestAI - IDE for API first Workflows, Integrations and Automations
New to JS what should be my next goal after JS?
Nyonic Technical Report
KGValidator: A Framework for Automatic Validation of Knowledge Graph Construction
Inside the echo chamber: Linguistic underpinnings of misinformation on Twitter
Killkan: The Automatic Speech Recognition Dataset for Kichwa with Morphosyntactic Information
JFrog integrates with Databricks' MLflow for a Seamless ML Lifecycle
IryoNLP at MEDIQA-CORR 2024: Tackling the Medical Error Detection & Correction Task On the Shoulders of Medical Agents
Let's Think Dot by Dot: Hidden Computation in Transformer Language Models
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #21
How Hitachi Digital Services is helping companies adopt AI models responsibly to meet their operational and financial goals
How AI is Augmenting Doctors
Baidu's AgentBuilder, AppBuilder, and ModelBuilder - Create Software, Apps, RAG, Models, etc!
Live CEOing Ep 793: Design Review of ExternalObject Features
Learning Geometry-Guided Depth via Projective Modeling for Monocular 3D Object Detection
MMT-Bench: A Comprehensive Multimodal Benchmark for Evaluating Large Vision-Language Models Towards Multitask AGI
3D Freehand Ultrasound using Visual Inertial and Deep Inertial Odometry for Measuring Patellar Tracking
Appearance-based Gaze Estimation With Deep Learning: A Review and Benchmark
Mitigating False Predictions In Unreasonable Body Regions
PTT: Point-Trajectory Transformer for Efficient Temporal 3D Object Detection
Facilitating Advanced Sentinel-2 Analysis Through a Simplified Computation of Nadir BRDF Adjusted Reflectance
LatentForensics: Towards frugal deepfake detection in the StyleGAN latent space
Controlgym: Large-Scale Control Environments for Benchmarking Reinforcement Learning Algorithms
Sketch2Human: Deep Human Generation with Disentangled Geometry and Appearance Control
HDBN: A Novel Hybrid Dual-branch Network for Robust Skeleton-based Action Recognition
WOUAF: Weight Modulation for User Attribution and Fingerprinting in Text-to-Image Diffusion Models
Lightweight Facial Attractiveness Prediction Using Dual Label Distribution
SRAGAN: Saliency Regularized and Attended Generative Adversarial Network for Chinese Ink-wash Painting Generation
Structure-Guided Image Completion with Image-level and Object-level Semantic Discriminators
Fine-grained Spatial-temporal MLP Architecture for Metro Origin-Destination Prediction
Porting Large Language Models to Mobile Devices for Question Answering
[D] What are your horror stories from being tasked impossible ML problems
Toward Physics-Aware Deep Learning Architectures for LiDAR Intensity Simulation
Boosting Audio-visual Zero-shot Learning with Large Language Models
HDDGAN: A Heterogeneous Dual-Discriminator Generative Adversarial Network for Infrared and Visible Image Fusion
Apple releases open source LLMs that fit perfectly into its AI strategy
ZeroNVS: Zero-Shot 360-Degree View Synthesis from a Single Image
Unexplored Faces of Robustness and Out-of-Distribution: Covariate Shifts in Environment and Sensor Domains
G3Reg: Pyramid Graph-based Global Registration using Gaussian Ellipsoid Model
3D Face Morphing Attack Generation using Non-Rigid Registration
2 founders of a crypto mixer charged with laundering funds from the dark web
Improving Intrusion Detection with Domain-Invariant Representation Learning in Latent Space
A Hierarchical Architecture for Neural Materials
Editable Image Elements for Controllable Synthesis
AV-RIR: Audio-Visual Room Impulse Response Estimation
Realtime Person Identification via Gait Analysis
DVF: Advancing Robust and Accurate Fine-Grained Image Retrieval with Retrieval Guidelines
Raformer: Redundancy-Aware Transformer for Video Wire Inpainting
A Multilevel Guidance-Exploration Network and Behavior-Scene Matching Method for Human Behavior Anomaly Detection
Overload: Latency Attacks on Object Detection for Edge Devices
Real-Time Compressed Sensing for Joint Hyperspectral Image Transmission and Restoration for CubeSat
Single-View Scene Point Cloud Human Grasp Generation
Partially Observable Stochastic Games with Neural Perception Mechanisms
PuLID: Pure and Lightning ID Customization via Contrastive Alignment
ChatPose: Chatting about 3D Human Pose
On Generating Cancelable Biometric Template using Reverse of Boolean XOR
VASARI-auto: equitable, efficient, and economical featurisation of glioma MRI
Leveraging Large Language Models for Multimodal Search
Utilizar iconos css.gg con Primefaces
Visual Attention Prompted Prediction and Learning
MaGGIe: Masked Guided Gradual Human Instance Matting
CWF: Consolidating Weak Features in High-quality Mesh Simplification
Learning with Unmasked Tokens Drives Stronger Vision Learners
Perception and Localization of Macular Degeneration Applying Convolutional Neural Network, ResNet and Grad-CAM
What Makes Multimodal In-Context Learning Work?
Seeing Beyond Classes: Zero-Shot Grounded Situation Recognition via Language Explainer
GaussianTalker: Real-Time High-Fidelity Talking Head Synthesis with Audio-Driven 3D Gaussian Splatting
NU-Class Net: A Novel Deep Learning-based Approach for Video Quality Enhancement
SegFormer3D: an Efficient Transformer for 3D Medical Image Segmentation
Learning Long-form Video Prior via Generative Pre-Training
MotionMaster: Training-free Camera Motion Transfer For Video Generation
Sanctuary's new humanoid robot learns faster and costs less
OMEGAS: Object Mesh Extraction from Large Scenes Guided by Gaussian Segmentation
SPARO: Selective Attention for Robust and Compositional Transformer Encodings for Vision
A Survey on Visual Mamba
Steal Now and Attack Later: Evaluating Robustness of Object Detection against Black-box Adversarial Attacks
Mammo-CLIP: Leveraging Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) for Enhanced Breast Cancer Diagnosis with Multi-view Mammography
A Semi-automatic Cranial Implant Design Tool Based on Rigid ICP Template Alignment and Voxel Space Reconstruction
Beyond Deepfake Images: Detecting AI-Generated Videos
Mosaic-SDF for 3D Generative Models
Hybrid Open-set Segmentation with Synthetic Negative Data
Extending global-local view alignment for self-supervised learning with remote sensing imagery
Alphabet hails 'once-in-a-generation' AI opportunity as revenue rises
What is worth learning?
Tupac's Estate Threatens to Sue Drake for Deepfaking Dead Rapper's Voice
Musk Escalates OpenAI Fight With Subpoena of Ex-Board Member
See how Moderna is using OpenAI tech across its workforce
[P] Multihead Mixture of Experts - Implementation of dense subtoken routing suggested in https://arxiv.org/pdf/2404.15045
DuckDB and AWS   How to Aggregate 100 Million Rows in 1 Minute
Intel reports Q1 revenue up 9% YoY to $12.72B, vs. $12.78B est., Data Center and AI up 5% to $3B, and Q2 revenue guidance below est.; INTC falls 9%+ after hours (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
In a subpoena, Elon Musk asked Helen Toner to hand over documents about her departure from OpenAI's board and how OpenAI decides when a technology achieves AGI (Bloomberg)
As ASML shareholders approve Christophe Fouquet as CEO, he faces a tricky balancing act to guide ASML, Europe's largest tech firm, through the US-China chip war (Toby Sterling/Reuters)
Cops cuff man for allegedly framing colleague with AI-generated hate speech clip
Apache NiFi 2.0.0: Building Python Processors
SPA-Like Navigation Preserving Web Component State
Apple releases eight small AI language models aimed at on-device use
Hyperparameters Tuning with MLflow and Hydra Sweeps
Microsoft Sales, Profit Beat Expectations on AI Demand
AI Startups Offer Digital Clones for Executives and Teachers
Alphabet Beats Revenue Estimates as AI Fuels Cloud Growth
Elon Musk's xAI Startup Closes In on $6 Billion Fundraising
Microsoft Reports Rising Revenues as A.I. Investments Bear Fruit
Automating EKS Deployment and NGINX Setup Using Helm with AWS CDK in Python
IPCalculator Coze AI
Baltimore coach accused of using AI voice cloning to try to get a high school principal fired
Multi-Modal AI on Ray-Ban Smart Glasses Makes Wearable AI Less Dumb
Snowflake AI Research Team Unveils Arctic: An Open-Source Enterprise-Grade Large Language Model (LLM) with a Staggering 480B Parameters
Shared Data-Layer Setup For Micro Frontend Application with Nx Workspace
China Prepares UN Resolution to Tap AI for Good
AtScale Announces Major Upgrade To Its Semantic Layer Platform
[D] HyenaDNA and Mamba are not good at sequential labelling ?
What will happen to the monarchy when King Charles dies?
How to Build an End-to-End ML Platform
What's up with Alphabet and Microsoft lately? Profits, sales   and AI costs
CRUD Laravel 10 dan Bootstrap 5 #2: Menampilkan Data
Tech brands are forcing AI into your gadgets whether you asked for it or not
Neural Flow Diffusion Models (NFDM): A Novel Machine Learning Framework that Enhances Diffusion Models by Supporting a Broader Range of Forward Processes Beyond the Fixed Linear Gaussian
How the First AI Project on CoinList in 2024 is Poised to Disrupt the AI Industry
Gooogle Colab Schedule
Microsoft, Google Gain After AI Fuels Cloud Computing Demand
What's new in R 4.4.0?
OpenAI's GPT-4 Can Autonomously Exploit 87% of One-Day Vulnerabilities, Study Finds
Introduction to Digital Signal Processing with Python
Google Thinks It Can Cash In on Generative AI. Microsoft Already Has
Food Delivery Leak Unmasks Russian Security Agents
Enhancing AI Model's Scalability and Performance: A Study on Multi-Head Mixture-of-Experts
Go Program pattern 04 Map-Reduce
Microsoft and Alphabet just proved AI boom has room to run
Harnessing Machine Learning for Innovative Projects: The Potential Unleashed
Llama 3 with Function Calling and Code Interpreter
Deepfake of Baltimore Principal Leads to Arrest of School Employee
Unsupervised Representation Learning for 3D MRI Super Resolution with Degradation Adaptation
URL: Universal Referential Knowledge Linking via Task-instructed Representation Compression
Exploring Internal Numeracy in Language Models: A Case Study on ALBERT
TIP-Editor: An Accurate 3D Editor Following Both Text-Prompts And Image-Prompts
Prompt Cache: Modular Attention Reuse for Low-Latency Inference
EAGLES: Efficient Accelerated 3D Gaussians with Lightweight EncodingS
Understanding Privacy Risks of Embeddings Induced by Large Language Models
Pix2HDR -- A pixel-wise acquisition and deep learning-based synthesis approach for high-speed HDR videos
SYNAuG: Exploiting Synthetic Data for Data Imbalance Problems
LLM-Based Section Identifiers Excel on Open Source but Stumble in Real World Applications
Remy Rhymes: Crafting Dope Bars with AI
MyriadAL: Active Few Shot Learning for Histopathology
IndicGenBench: A Multilingual Benchmark to Evaluate Generation Capabilities of LLMs on Indic Languages
Large Language Models can Learn Rules
Benchmarking LLMs via Uncertainty Quantification
Cooperate or Collapse: Emergence of Sustainability Behaviors in a Society of LLM Agents
DoDo Learning: DOmain-DemOgraphic Transfer in Language Models for Detecting Abuse Targeted at Public Figures
An adaptive standardisation methodology for Day-Ahead electricity price forecasting
Boost Your Lambdas with Powertools
Investigating the prompt leakage effect and black-box defenses for multi-turn LLM interactions
FRNet: Frustum-Range Networks for Scalable LiDAR Segmentation
[P] Drug toxicity prediction model with graph-based neural networks
Semgrex and Ssurgeon, Searching and Manipulating Dependency Graphs
Accurate Spatial Gene Expression Prediction by integrating Multi-resolution features
CARE: Extracting Experimental Findings From Clinical Literature
PILA: A Historical-Linguistic Dataset of Proto-Italic and Latin
Classifying Human-Generated and AI-Generated Election Claims in Social Media
Translation of Multifaceted Data without Re-Training of Machine Translation Systems
Towards Efficient Patient Recruitment for Clinical Trials: Application of a Prompt-Based Learning Model
Training towards significance with the decorrelated event classifier transformer neural network
Evaluating Consistency and Reasoning Capabilities of Large Language Models
I3: Intent-Introspective Retrieval Conditioned on Instructions
Modeling Selective Feature Attention for Representation-based Siamese Text Matching
Lost in Recursion: Mining Rich Event Semantics in Knowledge Graphs
SpeechAlign: a Framework for Speech Translation Alignment Evaluation
Evolution of Voices in French Audiovisual Media Across Genders and Age in a Diachronic Perspective
Tele-FLM Technical Report
Incorporating Lexical and Syntactic Knowledge for Unsupervised Cross-Lingual Transfer
U2++ MoE: Scaling 4.7x parameters with minimal impact on RTF
Large Language Models Perform on Par with Experts Identifying Mental Health Factors in Adolescent Online Forums
Dataset of Quotation Attribution in German News Articles
VISLA Benchmark: Evaluating Embedding Sensitivity to Semantic and Lexical Alterations
Building a Japanese Document-Level Relation Extraction Dataset Assisted by Cross-Lingual Transfer
Contextual Categorization Enhancement through LLMs Latent-Space
A Systematic Review of Deep Learning-based Research on Radiology Report Generation
An\\'alise de ambiguidade lingu\\'istica em modelos de linguagem de grande escala (LLMs)
Prefix Text as a Yarn: Eliciting Non-English Alignment in Foundation Language Model
WorldValuesBench: A Large-Scale Benchmark Dataset for Multi-Cultural Value Awareness of Language Models
Human Latency Conversational Turns for Spoken Avatar Systems
Don't Say No: Jailbreaking LLM by Suppressing Refusal
Computational analysis of the language of pain: a systematic review
Influence of Solution Efficiency and Valence of Instruction on Additive and Subtractive Solution Strategies in Humans and GPT-4
Domain-Specific Improvement on Psychotherapy Chatbot Using Assistant
STaR: Distilling Speech Temporal Relation for Lightweight Speech Self-Supervised Learning Models
Make Your LLM Fully Utilize the Context
Evaluating Large Language Models on Time Series Feature Understanding: A Comprehensive Taxonomy and Benchmark
LuViRA Dataset Validation and Discussion: Comparing Vision, Radio, and Audio Sensors for Indoor Localization
Interpreting Answers to Yes-No Questions in Dialogues from Multiple Domains
Knowledge Graph Completion using Structural and Textual Embeddings
Improving Diversity of Commonsense Generation by Large Language Models via In-Context Learning
xAI, Elon Musk's OpenAI rival, is closing on $6B in funding and X, his social network, is already one of its shareholders
Instruction Matters, a Simple yet Effective Task Selection Approach in Instruction Tuning for Specific Tasks
Laravel 11 y Vite
ProbGate at EHRSQL 2024: Enhancing SQL Query Generation Accuracy through Probabilistic Threshold Filtering and Error Handling
Automatic Speech Recognition System-Independent Word Error Rate Estimatio
Asking and Answering Questions to Extract Event-Argument Structures
Eyes Wide Shut? Exploring the Visual Shortcomings of Multimodal LLMs
US Has Little to Fear from Chinese AI, For Now
From Local to Global: A Graph RAG Approach to Query-Focused Summarization
How to deserialise DateTime from toml configuration
Sanctuary AI unveils the Next Generation of AI Robotics
Ready or Not, AI Agents Are Coming
Commvault's Arlie Teams Up with Microsoft to Elevate Cyber Resilience Globally
Microsoft's going to keep spending big as AI continues to boom
Using Double Machine Learning and Linear Programming to optimise treatment strategies
Unleash Llama3   How you can use the latest big-tech open-source LLM
Relation Extraction with Llama3 Models
Microsoft expands its AI empire abroad
Exploring Scopes in Functions in python: A Hands-On Guide
A Simple Way for Downloading Hundreds of Clipped Satellite Images Without Retrieving the Entire.
AI bets pay off as Microsoft and Alphabet profits surge
Embracing Component-Based Templates with JinjaX
The Tyler Hochman Interview: Building a B2B Workforce Analytics Company
The temptation of AI as a service
Apple, Nvidia Lead AI PC Sectors, Enterprise Market up for Grabs
The Evolution of AI Architecture: From Simple Single Tier to Complex Multi-tier Architectures
Zuckerberg's Fake Beard Shows Power of AI to Shape Perceptions
AI Startup Raises $5.3M to Pioneer Stem Cell Biology
What is Matter? How the connectivity standard can change your smart home
Meet FineWeb: A Promising 15T Token Open-Source Dataset for Advancing Language Models
2024 Guide: Advanced Backup Strategies for Nutanix to Protect Your Data
A Woman Lost $50,000 to a Deepfake Elon Musk in AI Romance Scam
Sundar Pichai just showed the doubters he's the right general for Google's AI battle
Python Day 9: Building Interactive Web Apps without HTML/CSS and JavaScript
What Are Loop Controls in Python and How Do You Use Them?
Meet Meta AI: Your New Go-To Assistant for a Smarter You!
Hidden Figures: disguising images from machines
Implementing User Segmentation in Firebase Analytics with JavaScript
Exploring Model Training Platforms: Comparing Cloud, Central, Federated Learning, On-Device Machine Learning ML, and Other Techniques
Generative AI could soon decimate the call center industry, says CEO
Most Read This Week: Generative AI Impacts Business Analytics
Web Radio (HTML, CSS, Javascript) Flux divers.
Deepwander
What deep learnng theory we really need?
Single Agent Architectures (SSAs) and Multi-Agent Architectures (MAAs): Achieving Complex Goals, Including Enhanced Reasoning, Planning, and Tool Execution Capabilities
Microsoft increases AI sales with Azure OpenAI Service and Copilot
Nvidia Acquires AI Infrastructure Company Run:AI
Twelve Labs Introduces Pegasus-1: A Multimodal Language Model Specialized in Video Content Understanding and Interaction through Natural Language
CATS (Contextually Aware Thresholding for Sparsity): A Novel Machine Learning Framework for Inducing and Exploiting Activation Sparsity in LLMs
Navigating the 'fast-flowing river' of data in decision intelligence
Unveiling Jamba: AI21's Groundbreaking Hybrid SSM-Transformer Open-Source Model
AI - Do it for the user
AI Compute Startup Raises $30M, Emerges From Stealth
Deepfake politicians may have a big influence on India's elections
Why AI is failing at giving good advice
Sam Altman, Satya Nadella, Sundar Pichai, Jensen Huang, and others join a panel to advise US DHS on deploying AI safely within America's critical infrastructure (Dustin Volz/Wall Street Journal)
10 DeepFake AI Tools to Help You Create Content within Minutes
This AI Research from Google Explains How They Trained a DIDACT Machine Learning ML Model to Predict Code Build Fixes
Study Says AI Can Predict a Person's Political Views From a Selfie
A look at Abu Dhabi-based AI startup G42, as sources say US intelligence officials fixated on CEO Xiao Peng ahead of its China divestment and Microsoft deal (Bloomberg)
Sojo Industries opens Facility in Temple, TX; Expands National Footprint
[D] Critical batch size and LLMs
Palmer Luckey's start-up Anduril just proved it can challenge legacy defense contractors and win
[D] LLMs: Why does in-context learning work? What exactly is happening from a technical perspective?
Survey reveals translators and illustrators losing work to AI
Expel Leads in 2024 MarketScape for Worldwide Emerging MDR Services
Company Wants To Address Euro Teacher Shortage With AI By Using Avatars To Teach Maths
A high school employee was arrested after a deepfake AI recording imitating the school's principal making racist and antisemitic comments circulated online
Consistent On-Brand Artwork using Ideogram + OpenAI Assistants
The Download: how to tell when a chatbot is lying, and RIP my biotech plants
Cybersecurity firm Darktrace agrees $5.3bn sale to US private equity business
Mini-Gemini: Mining the Potential of Multi-modality Vision Language Models
AI Image That Won Sony World Photo Award is Being Sold for $21,000
OpenAI's Sam Altman and other tech leaders join the federal AI safety board
Free Google Cloud Learning Path for Gemini
LLMs: Why does in-context learning work? What exactly is happening from a technical perspective?
Apple's Opensource LMs for iPhone
DeepL launches AI writing assistant for businesses trained on its own LLM
Meta's Meditron LLM suite to fill gap in low-resource healthcare
How to Visualize ARKit's 3D Indoor Scenes in Rerun
Simon Berg sits at the Forefront of Creativity + Innovation
Mastering human-AI interaction poised to become a critical job skill across professions
Using Feature Flags with Machine Learning Models
Generative AI's Role in Job Satisfaction
Decoder-Based Large Language Models: A Complete Guide
Travels with Perplexity AI
AIhub coffee corner: Open vs closed science
Will infinite context windows kill LLM fine-tuning and RAG?
What's next with AI?
Tesla's Autopilot and Full Self-Driving linked to hundreds of crashes, dozens of deaths
11 lesser-known coding languages for professionals
Robotics startup 10Lines raises  1.5M for autonomous pavement marking
AI enthusiasm #8 - AI can modify human DNA
Is Data Science a Bubble Waiting to Burst?
Apple removes three AI image generation apps from the App Store after 404 Media probe found the apps advertised the ability to create nonconsensual nude images (Emanuel Maiberg/404 Media)
Google's new 'Speaking practice' feature uses AI to help users improve their English skills
Google's Sundar Pichai touts AI leadership as revenue and investments soar
Customizing LLM Output: Post-Processing Techniques
African Tech Companies Prefer Zoho Enterprise over Google Workspace
Enhance Text-to-Image Fine-Tuning with DRaFT+, Now Part of NVIDIA NeMo
Baltimore Man Accused of Framing High School Principal With Racist AI Voice Clone
Ready to implement AI at work? Google has a new course for that
Sam Altman and Satya Nadella Tapped for US Government AI Security Board
Intel CEO Gelsinger on Q1 Earnings, Foundry Business, AI
[R]Large language models may not be able to sample behavioral probability distributions
Robust One-Hot Encoding
Using AI for Visual Dubbing Part 1 | AI Unlocked
1000 AI-powered machines: What we've learned about implementing Vision AI on an industrial scale
A Catholic 'priest' has been defrocked for being AI
Reid Hoffman interviewed his AI deepfake and it was pretty convincing
AI Startup Secures $66M to Automate Call Centers
TechCrunch Minute: Rabbit's R1 vs Humane's Ai Pin, which had the best launch?
FineWeb 45TB Dataset: $500k GPU costs and Adult Content Improving LLM Quality
Announcing the winners of the Databricks Generative AI Hackathon
A Beginner's Guide to Flask App Development: Getting Started with Python's Microframework
Apex Legends Plugin
A snapshot of bias, the human mind and Artificial Intelligence
How AI Enhances Data Encryption
Former Pixar Animator Gives One Big Reason AI Video Won't Work in Hollywood
Drake has taken down his diss track featuring AI Tupac
Temperature Scaling and Beam Search Text Generation in LLMs, for the ML-Adjacent
Gym Teacher Arrested for Using AI to Make Principal Say Racist Things
Best Large Language Models (LLMs) & Frameworks in 2024
Researchers develop an automated benchmark for language-based task planners
Rachael Greaves at QCon London: Ethical AI Can Decrease the Impact of Data Breaches
Curio raises funds for Rio, an 'AI news anchor' in an app
Homeland Security's AI safety board is a who's who of tech CEOs
Scraping Tables from a Website Using Google Sheets, Python, or R
Dorik Review: The Best AI Website Builder Using a Prompt?
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: Xaira And Other AI Startups Have Huge Week
Advanced File Handling and CSV Processing
Nvidia Shares Go on a $260 Billion Tear as Clients Splurge on AI
Observations on MLOps A Fragmented Mosaic of Mismatched Expectations
SenseTime from China Launched SenseNova 5.0: Unleashing High-Speed, Low-Cost Large-Scale Modeling, Challenging GPT-4 Turbo's Performance
Getting Rid of the Bad Seeds: A Quick Intro to Seed Rejection in Human+AI Teams
OpenAI Startup Fund quietly raises $15M
Apple Battles AI Deepfake Apps But the War Looks Unwinnable
Multiple microservices in one docker compose
I spent 24 hours with Rabbit R1 in New York City. Here's what it got right (and where it faltered)
Ayaneo Pocket S Android handheld lands on Indiegogo starting at $400
Setup a Microservice
SBI to Leverage HCL Unica to Digitally Transform Customer Engagement
Alphabet Leaps Into $2 Trillion Club as Results Show AI Strength
Use Array.reduce() to fill
Researchers propose framework for future network systems
Tech Fund Invested in SpaceX, OpenAI Sinks After 1,000% Surge
How to build the skills needed for the age of AI
I can now summarize a 2.5 hour video in about a minute thanks to the latest models (Groq + Llama3)
Drake deletes AI-generated Tupac track after Shakur's estate threatened to sue
Quoting Dana Mattioli
One day later with Rabbit R1: What features impressed me (and what fell flat)
AI just helped us find out where Plato is buried - here's how
Pantry Chef - Revolutionizing Home Cooking with AI
Use Circle CI to deploy Flask-Python app in Docker
Grad school: What was your master's program, and did you think it was hard to graduate?
InfogrAIphify - a Coze workflow
Qualcomm, AMD Add Fuel to the AI PC Engine
Meta feels pretty good about the launch of Llama 3
Drake Pulls Down AI-Generated Diss Track After Lawsuit Threat From Tupac's Estate
Save Earth
[D]What Nomenclature do you follow for naming ML Models?
Dell XPS 14 reviews are in: performance and portability at a price
Google adds AI conversation practice for English language learners
The Lazy Developer's Guide to Creating AI Chatbots
Akira Toriyama's Sand Land makes a better show than game
How to Cure LLM Weaknesses with Vector Databases
Meta AI tested: Doesn't quite justify its own existence, but free is free
Baltimore Police arrest a high school teacher for allegedly framing his principal by using AI to create an audio file of the principal making racist comments (The Baltimore Banner)
Snorkel Flow Update Offers Enhanced Enterprise Data Management Capabilities
AI Revolutionization
[R] Reinforcement Learning via Regressing Relative Rewards
Enhancing Biomedical Named Entity Recognition with Dynamic Definition Augmentation: A Novel AI Approach to Improve Large Language Model Accuracy
Queue and Stack Essentials: A Python Programmer's Guide
Getting Started With HTML #EP4
Apple Intensifies Talks With OpenAI for iPhone Generative AI Features
The Case for Python in Excel
Jensen Huang and Sam Altman among tech chiefs invited to federal AI Safety Board
Pandas Melt (pd.melt)
Photo-sharing community EyeEm will license users' photos to train AI if they don't delete them
Quoting Moxie Marlinspike
DeepMind Researchers Propose Naturalized Execution Tuning (NExT): A Self-Training Machine Learning Method that Drastically Improves the LLM's Ability to Reason about Code Execution
Why is Meta spending so much on Open Source AI?
Google is officially a $2 trillion company
Q&A: Nutanix IT Leader on Adopting AI and Hosting EHRs and Healthcare Data Management in the Cloud
Three from MIT awarded 2024 Guggenheim Fellowships
Venture Capital Firms Are Actually Considering Giving Elon Musk $6 Billion For xAI
Sources: Apple has renewed discussions with OpenAI about using its technology to power some features in iOS 18; talks with Google on using Gemini remain ongoing (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Instant Hair Transformation: HairFastGAN Revolutionizes Realistic and Rapid Hairstyle Changes
GeneticsBot - Learn Genetics with open source knowledge
Bringing Data and ML to Value-Based Pricing
Newsletter #33: Make.com Speech AI Integration and Streaming STT Updates
Google is testing  Speaking practice  in Search, which uses a conversational AI bot to let Search Labs users in some countries improve their English skills (Aisha Malik/TechCrunch)
How to pick the best-performing time-series AI model for your specific data
Randomly Picks a Giveaway Winner on Twitter (Oops X)
DS job market in EU
From the Kitchen to the Lab: Why Cooking Became AI's Favorite Dish
#Devops para noobs - Conhecendo Boto3 na prtica
Bridging Gaps: Tunis R User Group's Journey in Democratizing R in Bioinformatics
Best advice for mid-career?
New LLM: Snowflake Arctic Model for SQL and Code Generation
Revolutionizing Web Automation: AUTOCRAWLER's Innovative Framework Enhances Efficiency and Adaptability in Dynamic Web Environments
Ocr model
A New AI Approach for Estimating Causal Effects Using Neural Networks
OpenAI vs Gemini : Function Calling & Autonomous Agent
Big Cloud is still making bank   Is this AI adoption, price rises, or what?
New Karate Kid Movie Shifts to Line Up With Cobra Kai
Apple has reportedly resumed talks with OpenAI to build a chatbot for the iPhone
I used Cloudflare Workers and R2 as HTML generating service. It was so easy!
From Matching to Generation: A Survey on Generative Information Retrieval
First impressions: GPU + GCP Batch
Open-Sourced: Automated Data Sorting Tools [P]
The Two Step SCM: A Tool for Data Scientists
LeT's CoNtRoL YoU tO HeLp Me
Navigating AI in Insurance Underwriting Software
Apple is weighing a big decision impacting the next iPhone release: OpenAI or Google's Gemini
Integrating Large Language Models with Graph Machine Learning: A Comprehensive Review
Clae: Multipurpose Chat Bot (Coze)
Google plans to invest $2B to set up a data center in Indiana and $1B to expand three Virginia sites, and announces a $75M fund to train Americans on AI skills (Yuvraj Malik/Reuters)
DO YOU KNOW HOW BIG IS GPT-4?
Practical Experiments for Optimizing Django query with the power of SQL joins
Investors cheer Microsoft and Alphabet's huge AI spending plans as stock for both firms rallied but not Meta's, which saw its worst trading day in 18 months (Tom Dotan/Wall Street Journal)
Overview of web development.
Rockets: A Good Analogy for AI Language Models
Mixture of Data Experts (MoDE) Transforms Vision-Language Models: Enhancing Accuracy and Efficiency through Specialized Data Experts in Noisy Environments
Homeland Security prepares for bigger, faster and more efficient AI cyberattacks
[D] Does it make sense to talk about the probabilities of models?
MOMENT: A Foundation Model for Time Series Forecasting, Classification, Anomaly Detection and Imputation
Lama Bot (         ) - helps to coup with depression with the help of Buddhist practice
Neuromorphic Computing: Algorithms, Use Cases and Applications
New AI training method mitigates the  lost-in-the-middle  problem that plagues LLMs
Navigating AI in the Insurance Underwriting Software
The Math Behind Recurrent Neural Networks
Can AI like Devin or Chatgpt replace human software developers?
I MADE DEV COMMUNITY LOGO WHICH WAS VERY EASY
Rust Keyword Extraction: Creating the YAKE! algorithm from scratch
Perception Model Training for Autonomous Vehicles with Tensor Parallelism
Zerodha CTO Warns Companies to Not Look at AI as a Solution Chasing a Problem
LLMs in Amazon Bedrock: Observability Maturity Model
FlashSpeech: A Novel Speech Generation System that Significantly Reduces Computational Costs while Maintaining High-Quality Speech Output
Improving the Analysis of Object (or Cell) Counts with Lots of Zeros
In Race to Build A.I., Tech Plans a Big Plumbing Upgrade
SEED-X: A Unified and Versatile Foundation Model that can Model Multi-Granularity Visual Semantics for Comprehension and Generation Tasks
MOMENT: A Foundation Model for Time Series Forecasting, Classification, Anomaly Detection
Llama-2 vs. Llama-3: a Tic-Tac-Toe Battle Between Models
TIPS AND TRICKS WHEN YOU ARE USING VSCODE
Chartty (Your all-in-one data visualizer)
Video AI avatars get better at expressing emotions
A centuries-old Japanese ceramics maker has found itself at the center of the AI revolution
[D] Llama-3 based OpenBioLLM-70B & 8B: Outperforms GPT-4, Gemini, Meditron-70B, Med-PaLM-1 & Med-PaLM-2 in Medical-domain
Coding Test for Llama 3: Implementing JSON Persistence
Tweet Media Extractor Plugin
I tested the AI gadget that got the internet buzzing and it left me wanting more
This World Does Not Exist   with Joscha Bach of Liquid AI, Karan Malhotra of Nous Research, Rob Haisfield of WebSim
[D] Mathematical aspects of tokenization
ChatGPT Could Power the iPhone's AI Chatbot: Report
Best of Google Cloud Next 24 - Gemini AI, Vertex AI, GKE, New Axion Chip and others
Sustainable Junk Removal: AI Solutions for Johns Creek
WebSim, WorldSim, and The Summer of Simulative AI   with Joscha Bach of Liquid AI, Karan Malhotra of Nous Research, Rob Haisfield of WebSim.ai
How I Run Stable Diffusion With ComfyUI on AWS, What It Costs And How It Benchmarks
[R] Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning for Large Models: A Comprehensive Survey
Creators of Sora-powered short explain AI-generated video's strengths and limitations
How do I convince my superior to do data preprocessing? [D]
A wrestling match over who should control robotaxis is playing out in California
How to Visualise MediaPipe's Human Pose Tracking in 2D and 3D with Rerun
Pandas reset_index(): How To Reset Indexes in Pandas
Sora competitor: Shengshu Technology and Tsinghua University announce  Vidu , can create 16 seconds long HD video with 1080p resolution.
Apple eyes OpenAI and Google partnerships to bring generative AI to iPhone in iOS 18
What project idea can I create for my graduation
How to classify monkeys images using CNN , Keras tuner hyper parameters , and transfer learning ? (part1)
[P] Classification finetuning experiments on small GPT-2 sized LLMs
Microsoft, Meta, and Alphabet disclosed that they had spent $32B+ combined on data centers and other capital expenses in Q1, as they accelerate AI spending (Karen Weise/New York Times)
Library for Machine learning and quantum computing
Microsoft's Phi-3 Mini boasts ChatGPT-level performance in an ultralight 3.8B parameter package
Tailwind Handbook - Part II
AI Boom's Secret Winners? The Companies Expected to Power It
Using AI for Visual Dubbing Part 2 | AI Unlocked
Python Exceptions
Meta AI chatbot fabricates sexual harassment allegations against US politicians
Introducing CodeCraft: Your Ultimate Tech Companion for Coding and Problem-Solving
Moderating horror and hate on the web may be beyond even AI | John Naughton
#459: I Built A Python SaaS with AI
What are Diffusion Models? Tech Behind Text-to-Image, Text-to-Video, and Text-to-Speech AI Tools
[ML News] Devin exposed | NeurIPS track for high school students
A Preview of the AI Agent Future
Live CEOing Ep 794: Design Review of Sound & Vision Features
AI Will Make Us More Human
Real-Life GenAI Synthetic Data Use Case
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (April 26, 2024)
What Happened With Expert Systems?
TweetGagger Plugin: getLikes, getRetweets, getReplies
5 Project Management Frameworks you can use in the context of Machine Learning
Where did you go to look for jobs?
Public Transport Accessibility in Python
This optical illusion led me to develop a novel AI method to detect and track moving objects.
Generative AI News Rundown - LLM Palooza with Llama, Mistral, Phi & Grok, Plus New Funding, Adobe, Apple, and More
The Rise of Artificial Intelligence in Everyday Life
EyeEm, the bankrupt photo sharing network acquired by Freepik last year, will license users' photos to train AI if the images are not deleted within 30 days (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
A smaller YugabyteDB image for CI/CD
The Representative Capacity of Transformer Language Models LMs with n-gram Language Models LMs: Capturing the Parallelizable Nature of n-gram LMs
A Comprehensive Guide to HTML for Beginners
Computer vision career advice
DARPA unleashes 20-foot autonomous robo-tank with glowing green eyes
AI-Augmented Development
Should I buy a RP5 + Coral or a Jetson board (If so which one?)
[D] Real talk about RAG
Quoting Martin Kleppmann
C in CRUD in Plang language
Everything Google's Python team were responsible for
Advancing Time Series Forecasting: The Impact of Bi-Mamba4TS's Bidirectional State Space Modeling on Long-Term Predictive Accuracy
Impact of Generative AI on Smart Manufacturing
What are the pros and cons of using GitHub Copilot?
CMU & Meta's TriForce: Turbocharging Long Sequence Generation with 2.31 Speed Boost on A100 GPU
Cohere AI Open-Sources 'Cohere Toolkit': A Major Accelerant for Getting LLMs into Production within an Enterprise
DEMO - Voice to PDF - Complete PDF documents with voice commands using the Claude 3 Opus API
AI Doesn't Have to Automate Away All the Jobs
VectorShift: Build and Automate LLM Apps with a Drag-and-Drop UI!
Automation and Augmentation in Development Tools - with Tsavo Knott of Pieces
[P] NLLB-200 Distill 350M for en-ko
Should I take the new offer?
How Scientific Machine Learning is Revolutionizing Research and Discovery
Microsoft's GeckOpt Optimizes Large Language Models: Enhancing Computational Efficiency with Intent-Based Tool Selection in Machine Learning Systems
Devnexus 2024 Celebrates 20 Years of Java Developer Conferences
Yoga Bot 360
Who else wants an LLM to chat with your books?
China's Vidu Challenges Sora with High-Definition 16-Second AI Video Clips in 1080p
Create a Pomodoro Timer App using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Former Amazon exec alleges she was told to ignore the law while developing an AI model &mdash; 'everyone else is doing it'
Sources: the new iPad Pro may launch with an M4 chip, kicking off Apple's AI strategy that will be expanded at WWDC; the new Pencil will have haptic feedback (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
The OLED iPad Pro could launch with an M4 chip
TD3-BST: A Machine Learning Algorithm to Adjust the Strength of Regularization Dynamically Using Uncertainty Model
Musk Makes Unannounced China Visit in Push for Self-Driving Cars
Turn any YT Video into a Content-Making Machine with Claude-3 and Lightning AI
Snowflake's New LLM is Open Source and Built for the Enterprise
Musk Heads to Beijing to Discuss Full Self-Driving, Reuters Says
Convolutional Neural Network
Capture and Unlock Knowledge: A guide to foster your AI Business Plan
Apple Rivals Retool to Challenge the iPhone and Vision Pro
ChatGPT for Plang programming language
How RPA vendors aim to remain relevant in a world of AI agents
InstantMesh transforms a 2D image into a 3D object in seconds
Exploring Religious Biases in 6 GenAI LLM's
How To Create AI Images on Midjourney
Exploring Bark, the Open Source Text-to-Speech Model
Parameter Efficient Fine Tuning (PEFT), Inference, and Evaluation of LLM model using LoRA
[D] What are the most common and significant challenges moving your LLM (application/system) to production?
Solving Logs Woes: A Small Dive into Singleton Design Pattern
Your AI therapist is not your therapist: The dangers of relying on AI mental health chatbots
Google allegedly lays off US Python team, builds new team in Munich
Sparse /Disjoint circular arcs
Cheat sheet for development in Python
[D] How would you diagnose these spikes in the training loss?
Bank CIO: We don't need AI whizzes, we need critical thinkers to challenge AI
Bytes of Brilliance: A Hackathon Journey to Eco-Friendly Ecommerce
FREE AI WEBINAR: 'World's Fastest LLM Apps with Groq & SingleStore' [Date: May 2, 2024 | 10:00am - 11:00am PDT ]
transformers can use meaningless filler tokens (e.g., '......') in place of a chain of thought  - Let's Think Dot by Dot [P]
The hidden risk of letting AI decide   losing the skills to choose for ourselves
Build a Calculator using HTML and JavaScript: A Hands-On Guide
Uncommon matrix
A profile of Ethan Mollick, a University of Pennsylvania professor whose early embrace of AI made him a go-to expert for policymakers and corporate leaders (Christopher Mims/Wall Street Journal)
Why AI might make it harder to pull off a 4-day workweek
I'm using my synesthesia to create a new genre of AI art. The technology can 'read' my paintings and help me compose music.
Feature Engineering that Makes Business Sense
This AI Paper Proposes FLORA: A Novel Machine Learning Approach that Leverages Federated Learning and Parameter-Efficient Adapters to Train Visual-Language Models VLMs
Celebrate Earth Day by being aware of it's importance.
Data Machina #251
This AI Paper from Google DeepMind Introduces Enhanced Learning Capabilities with Many-Shot In-Context Learning
Crack the Code Like Caesar: Build Your Own Secret Message Encrypter! [Python code included]
Vidu, China's new text-to-video AI, excels at generating pandas and dragons
BBC presenter's likeness used in advert after firm tricked by AI-generated voice
Self-Attention in Transformers: Computation logic and implementation
LMSYS ORG Introduces Arena-Hard: A Data Pipeline to Build High-Quality Benchmarks from Live Data in Chatbot Arena, which is a Crowd-Sourced Platform for LLM Evals
I made linking previous conversations to different chatbots or another chats possible with full context. Need Feedback.
AI fake images of satanic teddy bears from Build-A-Bear trick some TikTok users
HTML - 18. Tugas Invoice Table | iAppTech.id
Instagram is apparently testing an AI chatbot that lets you choose (2023)
Why AI celebrities are teaching kids math and physics
Containerize Your Flask App: Here's Why 0.0.0.0 Holds the Key!
Meet Openlayer: An AI Evaluation Tool that Fits into Development and Production Pipelines to Help Ship High-Quality Models with Confidence
Musk makes his second trip to China in less than a year to hurry along self-driving tech rollout, reports say
A visual deep dive into Uber's ML system to solve the billion dollar problem of predicting ETAs.
Towards Identification of Breast Cancer in Mammogram Images using Deep Learning : Part 1
Introducing DigiCord: The Ultimate All-in-One AI Discord Bot
Towards infinite LLM context windows
I Tried These AI-Based Productivity Tools. Here's What Happened
Nobody Likes a Know-It-All: Smaller LLMs are Gaining Momentum
Top Artificial Intelligence AI Courses for Beginners in 2024
MKBHD Gets Gaslighted by Rabbit R1
Unlocking AI Superpowers in DevOps: Master Prompt Engineering to Revolutionize Your Workflow!
Leveling up RAG
Meta's 'set it and forget it' AI ad tools are misfiring and blowing through cash
A Comprehensive Guide for Getting Started with Huggingface
AI Tools of the 21st Century: Humanoid Robots
Created a simple Earth simulation-like with a message with CSS only.
5 Best AI Apps for Couples (April 2024)
A Movie Recommendation System in Python from Scratch
Apple's OLED iPad Pro may come packing an M4 chip and an emphasis on AI
Analytics slows your sales down, let's fix it!
Building a Workout Planner App with Lyzr SDK
7 Best Machine Learning Workflow and Pipeline Orchestration Tools
[D] Why isn't RETRO mainstream / state-of-the-art within LLMs?
Creative Map Styling Techniques for Web Developers
Docker and System Updates with Python
AI is making Meta's apps basically unusable, as the company adds Meta AI everywhere and viral user-generated AI images proliferate on Facebook and Instagram (Scott Nover/Fast Company)
Develop Hugging Face Transformers for Enhanced Customer Repurchase Insights
Still really amazed by what Udio is capable of. I could put this on the radio and nobodies the wiser
Find Jobs Plugin
834. Sum of Distances in Tree
Feel like MS program puts me in a box, is the real job more creative?
Job Finder Bot - Finds Jobs, Saves Applied Jobs and Sends weekly new jobs post
Book Presentation Workflow
Coze Trailblazer: Adding image processing capability with Image Wizard
From Lost to Found: INformation-INtensive (IN2) Training Revolutionizes Long-Context Language Understanding
[Research] A visual deep dive into Uber's machine learning solution for predicting ETAs.
Elon Musk's AI startup xAI is seeking $6 billion in funding at an $18 billion valuation
Claude Function calls with AWS Step Functions
Multi View Geometry Book Code
Bot Innovator: Converting images with Image Wizard AI Assistant
Use GPT API for Free to Write Novels
MongoDB CEO Dev Ittycheria talks AI hype and the database evolution as he crosses 10-year mark
From Chatbots to Chipmakers: Generative AI's Impact on Stock Market
Zed Decoded: Rope & SumTree
Book Report Bot
Dev.to chatbot!
[R] Multimodal patch embeddings - a new ViT model
I had no photos of my mother's pregnancy and migration, so I found a way for AI to help fill in the gaps
With ServBay, I Got an Early Taste of PHP 8.4.
How software and IT jobs are disappearing in favour of AI
Can Artificial Intelligence Be Trusted With Our Security?
Submission for the Coze AI Bot Challenge:
Building a Skin Care Assistant with Lyzr Automata
FTC distributes $5.6 million in refunds to Ring customers from privacy settlement
[R] Categorical Deep Learning: An Algebraic Theory of Architectures
VectorDB in Action: Unleashing the Power of Molecular Biology
Airport Helper - Plugin
What are LLMs? An intro into AI, models, tokens, parameters, weights, quantization and more
[R] VMRNN: Integrating Vision Mamba and LSTM for Efficient and Accurate Spatiotemporal Forecasting
This is a submission for the Coze AI Bot Challenge
How to Build an OpenAI GPT Agent in less than 15 mins
You need everything other than ML to win a ML hackathon [D]
Can anyone suggest a good Cloud Computing service for me?
Research topics in LLMs for a data scientist
CoderLogon: generate a logo for your GitHub repo
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Chain of Thought Reasoning
What kinds of models other than neural networks/traditional machine learning that train on large sets of data have people developed to try to mimic true intelligence?
Libraries.io Coze Plugin
Instruction Tuning OPT-125M
The Future of AI: How to Ensure a Positive Transition
TransformerFAM: Feedback attention is working memory
OpenAgents: Deploy Autonomous AI Agents - Coding, Data, Web, and OS Agents!
100% Local  AI Town  with Llama 3 AGENTS!!!
Build Your Second Brain One Piece At A Time
I am Recording My college Journey To become a Software Engineer
Server-Side Rendering with Next.js
School assignments are now grading themselves
Aprenda a falar ingls
This Machine Learning Paper from ICMC-USP, NYU, and Capital-One Introduces T-Explainer: A Novel AI Framework for Consistent and Reliable Machine Learning Model Explanations
Mock It Till You Make It: Mocking in Python's unittest
Mistral.rs: A Lightning-Fast LLM Inference Platform with Device Support, Quantization, and Open-AI API Compatible HTTP Server and Python Bindings
An interview with MongoDB CEO Dev Ittycheria on leading the company for a decade, the evolution of databases, AI hype, transitioning to a SaaS model, and more (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
An application of resilient computer vision to board games. Light Speed: Arena (prototype) is a tabletop shooter in which players aim with their tiles (literally) and snap a picture with the companion app to resolve the battle at the end of the game.
[D] ICML 2024 results
Does it make more sense to complete an undergrad in 3 years in comp sci or do a masters in 4 for a job in the data science field?
Align Scheduling
Project_Python_Pacmann-Super_Cashier
Examining the robustness of LLM evaluation to the distributional assumptions of benchmarks
Model-agnostic explainable artificial intelligence for object detection in image data
A Unified Label-Aware Contrastive Learning Framework for Few-Shot Named Entity Recognition
CAT-DM: Controllable Accelerated Virtual Try-on with Diffusion Model
Small Language Models Need Strong Verifiers to Self-Correct Reasoning
Joint covariance properties under geometric image transformations for spatio-temporal receptive fields according to the generalized Gaussian derivative model for visual receptive fields
Lightweight Regression Model with Prediction Interval Estimation for Computer Vision-based Winter Road Surface Condition Monitoring
Atomas: Hierarchical Alignment on Molecule-Text for Unified Molecule Understanding and Generation
Text Sentiment Analysis and Classification Based on Bidirectional Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs) Model
Probing Conceptual Understanding of Large Visual-Language Models
A Bionic Natural Language Parser Equivalent to a Pushdown Automaton
DocumentCLIP: Linking Figures and Main Body Text in Reflowed Documents
DAE-Net: Deforming Auto-Encoder for fine-grained shape co-segmentation
Vanishing-Point-Guided Video Semantic Segmentation of Driving Scenes
Prompting Towards Alleviating Code-Switched Data Scarcity in Under-Resourced Languages with GPT as a Pivot
Prompting Techniques for Reducing Social Bias in LLMs through System 1 and System 2 Cognitive Processes
Benchmarking the Fairness of Image Upsampling Methods
Gait Recognition in Large-scale Free Environment via Single LiDAR
GazeCLIP: Towards Enhancing Gaze Estimation via Text Guidance
How to use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for Go applications
Structural-Based Uncertainty in Deep Learning Across Anatomical Scales: Analysis in White Matter Lesion Segmentation
Evaluation of Geographical Distortions in Language Models: A Crucial Step Towards Equitable Representations
On the Use of Large Language Models to Generate Capability Ontologies
Quantifying Memorization of Domain-Specific Pre-trained Language Models using Japanese Newspaper and Paywalls
T\\ urk\\c{c}e Dil Modellerinin Performans Kar\\c{s}{\\i}la\\c{s}t{\\i}rmas{\\i} Performance Comparison of Turkish Language Models
A Proxy Attack-Free Strategy for Practically Improving the Poisoning Efficiency in Backdoor Attacks
Bayesian Federated Inference for Survival Models
Large Language Models Portray Socially Subordinate Groups as More Homogeneous, Consistent with a Bias Observed in Humans
Prevalent Frequency of Emotional and Physical Symptoms in Social Anxiety using Zero Shot Classification: An Observational Study
InstructAny2Pix: Flexible Visual Editing via Multimodal Instruction Following
Pseudo-Observations and Super Learner for the Estimation of the Restricted Mean Survival Time
Inside Opus: The exclusive founders' club backed by British royalty launching in Dubai
Ruffle&Riley: Insights from Designing and Evaluating a Large Language Model-Based Conversational Tutoring System
Learning to Visually Connect Actions and their Effects
Weakly Supervised Gaussian Contrastive Grounding with Large Multimodal Models for Video Question Answering
Reinforcement Retrieval Leveraging Fine-grained Feedback for Fact Checking News Claims with Black-Box LLM
A Comprehensive Evaluation on Event Reasoning of Large Language Models
Exploring Vulnerabilities of No-Reference Image Quality Assessment Models: A Query-Based Black-Box Method
Automated Data Visualization from Natural Language via Large Language Models: An Exploratory Study
NAI$_2$: Learning Noise-Aware Illumination-Interpolator for Unsupervised Low-Light Image Enhancement
ChemScraper: Leveraging PDF Graphics Instructions for Molecular Diagram Parsing
mEBAL2 Database and Benchmark: Image-based Multispectral Eyeblink Detection
2M-NER: Contrastive Learning for Multilingual and Multimodal NER with Language and Modal Fusion
CEval: A Benchmark for Evaluating Counterfactual Text Generation
Action Segmentation Using 2D Skeleton Heatmaps and Multi-Modality Fusion
Distilling Privileged Multimodal Information for Expression Recognition using Optimal Transport
Player-Driven Emergence in LLM-Driven Game Narrative
Structured Conformal Inference for Matrix Completion with Applications to Group Recommender Systems
When to Trust LLMs: Aligning Confidence with Response Quality
On Bias and Fairness in NLP: Investigating the Impact of Bias and Debiasing in Language Models on the Fairness of Toxicity Detection
Can a Multichoice Dataset be Repurposed for Extractive Question Answering?
ReproHum #0087-01: Human Evaluation Reproduction Report for Generating Fact Checking Explanations
Samsung Research China-Beijing at SemEval-2024 Task 3: A multi-stage framework for Emotion-Cause Pair Extraction in Conversations
Systematic Offensive Stereotyping (SOS) Bias in Language Models
Attacks on Third-Party APIs of Large Language Models
Building LinkedIn Elevator Pitch Generator with Lyzr SDK
Rumour Evaluation with Very Large Language Models
Enhancing Visual Grounding and Generalization: A Multi-Task Cycle Training Approach for Vision-Language Models
A Survey of Generative Search and Recommendation in the Era of Large Language Models
Metronome: tracing variation in poetic meters via local sequence alignment
Cleanlab Introduces the Trustworthy Language Model (TLM) that Addresses the Primary Challenge to Enterprise Adoption of LLMs: Unreliable Outputs and Hallucinations
Evaluating Class Membership Relations in Knowledge Graphs using Large Language Models
Child Speech Recognition in Human-Robot Interaction: Problem Solved?
Introducing cosmosGPT: Monolingual Training for Turkish Language Models
ODIN: A Single Model for 2D and 3D Segmentation
TIGQA:An Expert Annotated Question Answering Dataset in Tigrinya
Creando Subttulos Automticos para Vdeos con Python, Faster-Whisper, FFmpeg, Streamlit, Pillow
ChatGPT's 'hallucination' problem hit with another privacy complaint in EU
AIGeniusWriter: Streamline E-commerce with AI
The second AI summit, a primarily virtual event in Seoul on May 21 and May 22, faces challenges, as sources say far few leaders and ministers are set to attend (Martin Coulter/Reuters)
Glam Up My Markup: Earth Day - Frontend Challenge Submission
Unlocking Social Media Success: The Power of Caption AI in Crafting Captivating Content
Adapting to the Future: Ethical AI's Transformative Role in Data Collection Companies
Non-profit noyb files a GDPR complaint against OpenAI in Austria on behalf of an unnamed public figure, who found ChatGPT produced his incorrect birth date (Natasha Lomas/TechCrunch)
[R] Dynamic Gaussians Mesh
Sources: Chinese officials have told Tesla that Beijing has tentatively approved the company's plan to launch its Full Self-Driving software in the country (Raffaele Huang/Wall Street Journal)
Musk's China Trip Pays Off With Key Self-Driving Hurdles Cleared
AWS Detective
DBT Assistant
Tutorial: Cara Menarik Data Tabel Transportasi dari Situs Web dan Menyimpannya sebagai File CSV dengan Python
The double-edged sword: Ethical implications of AI in UI/UX design
The Role of AI Code Reviews in Compliance and Coding Standards
This AI Paper by DeepMind Introduces Gecko: Setting New Standards in Text-to-Image Model Assessment
Dubai is pumping $35 billion into building what it says will be the world's biggest airport
Elon Musk Ditches India for China
Dialzara: Transforming Client Communication with AI Receptionists!
How to tell Git to temporarily ignore changes to a file
Yotta Partners with BLC to Build Nepal's First Supercloud Data Centre
MobiDev Software Engineering Company expands presence in California
Console Ninja - Your logs on steroids
10 Free Online AI Courses to Learn from the Best
Chinese LLM beats GPT-4-Turbo
[R] New Teleoperation Tool with VisionPro
Deciphex partners with Novartis for AI drug research
Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Revisit: Is this the GOAT?
Elon Musk will face intense competition if he tries to bring Tesla's full self-driving technology to China
Financial Times Enters into a Content Licensing Agreement with OpenAI
Why AWS is the right choice for your data and analytics needs?
Integrating Artificial Intelligence and Behavioral Economics: New Frontiers in Decision-Making
Bill Gates is quietly pulling the strings behind Microsoft's AI revolution
Why Integration Data is Critical for Powering SaaS Platforms' AI Features
Tesla stock set to surge 10% on Elon Musk's China full self-driving 'home run'
I have completed Learn HTML by Building a Cat Photo App #freecodecamp
The Latest Online Culture War Is Humans vs. Algorithms
Question-Answer System Architectures using LLMs
Recruiters Are Going Analog to Fight the AI Application Overload
Meaningless fillers enable complex thinking in large language models
AI to Replace Annoying Colleagues Who Complain About Your Tea Breaks to the Boss
Avoid these 8 Data-related Mistakes on Data Projects
Extend Bitnami Cassandra Image to customize the configuration in cassandra.yaml
This AI Paper from Apple Introduces a Weakly-Supervised Pre-Training Method for Vision Models Using Publicly Available Web-Scale Image-Text Data
Canalys: every PC sold will be an AI PC by 2030
Financial Times signs licensing deal with OpenAI
The Financial Times signs a deal with OpenAI to train AI models on its archived content, and to let ChatGPT respond with short summaries of FT articles (Madhumita Murgia/Financial Times)
Git Guide: Pushing a Project to a Repository with a Python Project
Dynamic page title and description with Vue Router
OpenAI inks strategic tie-up with UK's Financial Times, including content use
Build an LSTM model for time series prediction using Python with TensorFlow/Keras:
OpenAI faces fresh EU troubles over ChatGPT's 'hallucinations'
Introducing VASA 1: Microsoft's Cutting-Edge AI Model
This AI Paper Introduces a Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach in Precision Text Retrieval Using Retrieval Heads
OpenAI faces complaint over fictional outputs
OpenAI Strikes Deal to Use Financial Times Content in ChatGPT
Apple Ushers In The Era Of Spatial Computing, Building On Computer Vision Advances
Why Moderna Partnered with OpenAI
Meta, Alphabet Investors View Spending Through Different Lenses
Apple OLED iPad Pro being unveiled next week could feature an M4 chip, be AI-focused
Elon Musk comes out fighting as China throws Tesla a lifeline
AI Funding Stays Strong Despite Few Billion-Dollar Rounds
A Starter Guide to Data Structures for AI and Machine Learning
DrBenchmark: The First-Ever Publicly Available French Biomedical Large Language Understanding Benchmark
African universities are failing to prepare tech graduates for jobs in AI
Critical Ideas Behind What Powers LLMs
PitchBook: investors have poured $330B into ~26,000 AI and ML startups over the past three years, up 66% on funding to 20,350 AI companies from 2018 to 2020 (New York Times)
Pocket-Sized Powerhouse: Unveiling Microsoft's Phi-3, the Language Model That Fits in Your Phone
Art x Ai
The Machine Ethics podcast: Good tech with Eleanor Drage and Kerry McInerney
Top Data Science Courses in 2024
Smartphones will be obsolete in 10 years, says Meta's AI Chief
I'm a Boy. Does Playing Female Characters in Video Games Make Me Gay?
Azim Premji Investment Firm to Invest Over $10 Billion in AI, Says CIO
How to connect to Oracle, MySql and PostgreSQL databases using Python?
Integrating Chat GPT into Salesforce: A Comprehensive Guide
AI still has a ways to go in code refactoring
Musk visits China to reportedly push Tesla self-driving tech
SiteGround Review   Is This The Best Premium Webhost?
Time Series Simulations: Signature Transformation Method in Python. Part 2
Real life Simpsons in the 50s by I.A
From Data to Discovery: Studying Computational Biology with Wolfram
Unlocking Image Clarity: A Comprehensive Guide to Super-Resolution Techniques
Hand Made Visualizations in Python using Cutecharts
OpenAI slapped with GDPR complaint: How do you correct your work?
What OpenELM language models say about Apple's generative AI strategy
Multimodal citations with Google's Vertex AI
The Download: inside the US defense tech aid package, and how AI is improving vegan cheese
AI could conduct your next job interview - meet Braintrust Air
Homeland Security Enlists Top AI Experts to Mitigate Critical Infrastructure Risks
Human and Artificial General Intelligence Arises from Next Token Prediction
French startup bags  2M to make cancer clinical trials more accessible
New iPad Pro may use an AI-enabled M4 chip and the Apple Pencil 3 may have haptic feedback
Free Python Resources That Can Help You Become a Pro
Everything You Should Know Before You Buy the Rabbit R1 AI Companion
The UK bans default guessable usernames and passwords for some IoT devices, to help avoid a situation like the 2016 Mirai botnet, the first country to do so (Alexander Martin/The Record)
Can Recommendations from LLMs be manipulated to enhance a product's visibility?
FinSavvy Guide $
How do you accidentally run for President of Iceland?
OpenAI to train LLMs on Financial Times content   with permission
The Microsoft Phi-3-Mini is Mighty Impressive
Just got a phone call for an interview by a robot... Are we ready for AI gatekeepers?
AI Faces Its 'Oppenheimer Moment' During Killer Robot Arms Race
AI Ex-Termination: Photoroom and OkCupid Delete Your Ex From Photos
Tupac Estate Threatens Lawsuit Over AI-Generated Drake Track
Friends From the Old Neighborhood Turn Rivals in Big Tech's A.I. Race
How I Combined Small Language Models to Automate Fact-Based Workflow like Financial Research
Amazon Bedrock Blueprint: Architecting AI Projects with Amazon Bedrock
How to Boost the Performance of Python Using the Caching Techniques?
Java News Roundup: WildFly 32, JEPs Proposed to Target for JDK 23, Hibernate 6.5, JobRunr 7.1
Yikes! Microsoft Copilot failed every single one of my coding tests
A look at the rise of Mustafa Suleyman and Demis Hassabis, two of the most powerful AI executives, who grew up in London and met at Queen Elizabeth's School (New York Times)
Common Pitfalls To Avoid When Using Vector Databases
[D] Do Lead's in an AI/DS/ML team always have PhDs, is it a requirement?
When Things Go Wrong, What and How to Communicate with the Non-AI Leadership?
Remove the Fluff: Five Important Questions Businesses Should Ask Before Implementing AI in Their.
Musk's xAI shows there's more money on the sidelines for AI startups
Some Technical Notes About Phi-3: Microsoft's Marquee Small Language Model
FinnSavvy Guide BOT
DoP Deep - Payment journey UX explored
Can we bridge the gap between tech and sustainability?
I took the new Hyundai Kona on a family road trip: It's a practical car with pizzazz that I'd be comfortable letting my teenager drive.
Generative AI resumes clog recruiters' resume inboxes
Financial Times signs strategic partnership with OpenAI for ChatGPT
We're bringing the Financial Times' world-class journalism to ChatGPT
From Wall Street to Silicon Valley, AI specialists are a hot commodity
How To Use RAG To Crowdsource Event Forecasts
FLaNK AI Weekly for 29 April 2024
How AI is making online casinos safer than ever before
Mental-health professionals explore AI-powered digital therapeutics to treat patients and improve care
TPUs Are Not for Sale, But Why?
SQL Vector Databases Are Shaping the New LLM and Big Data Paradigm
Quoting tailscale.com/install.sh
Asynchrony in JavaScript: A Brief Look Back
Will New Government Guidelines Spur Adoption of Privacy-Preserving Tech?
Microsoft at ASPLOS 2024: Advancing hardware and software for high-scale, secure, and efficient modern applications
[D] How can attention mechanisms retrieve meaningful information over long distances when using RoPE or ALiBi?
Vercel AI SDK & LangChain streaming
What Does Evolution Tell Us about Human Intelligence?
Apple builds a slimmed-down AI model using Stanford, Google innovations
How we improved DatabricksIQ LLM quality for AI-generated table comments
Snowflake's Arctic is the next open-source model focused on efficiency
Phi 3 and Arctic: Outlier LMs are hints
SEED-Bench-2-Plus: An Extensive Benchmark Specifically Designed for Evaluating Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs) in Text-Rich Scenarios
Nvidia employees said CEO Jensen Huang is 'not easy to work for.' He says that's how it should be.
As GitHub Begins Technical Preview of Copilot Workspace, an Engineer Answers How it Differs from Devin
Voice at the wheel: Study introduces an encoder-decoder framework for AI systems
GitHub previews GitHub Copilot Workspace
OpenAI rolls out an optional feature called Memory, allowing ChatGPT Plus users to tell ChatGPT things they want the chatbot to remember across chats (Matthias Bastian/The Decoder)
Researchers at UC San Diego Propose DrS: A Novel Machine Learning Approach for Learning Reusable Dense Rewards for Multi-Stage Tasks in a Data-Driven Manner
My notes on gpt2-chatbot
OpenAI makes 'Memory' available to all ChatGPT Plus subscribers - how to use it
How artificial intelligence can transform U.S. energy infrastructure
[D] Correct me if I'm wrong, use KL divergence for NLP, and MMD for CV. Both are measuring the similarity/distance of two distribution
A Complete Noobs Guide to Vector Search, Part 1
The fastest way to launch customer-facing analytics in your apps.
OpenAI introduces  Memory  feature for ChatGPT Plus users
Google lays off staff from Flutter, Dart and Python weeks before its developer conference
Lenovo Survey: Most Global Tech Companies Unprepared for AI Use
Understanding Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)   A Guide to Visual Recognition in the AI Era
GetResponse Review: Create Engaging AI Emails 85% Faster?
Practical Tips and Tricks for Developers Building RAG Applications
Build an AI Voice assistant like Siri (use OpenAI AI Assistant)
Sam Altman says this communication skill will help you level up in life
Top Data Science Sessions from NVIDIA GTC 2024 Now Available On Demand
Natural Language Coding Advances with Technical Preview of GitHub Copilot Workspace
Python's Secret Weapon: List Comprehension
O que  e como trabalhar com Ambientes Virtuais em Python
ChatGPT's AI 'memory' can remember the preferences of paying customers
For R users: Recommended upgrading your R version to 4.4.0 due to recently discovered vulnerability.
IBM Acquires HashiCorp for $6.4 Billion, Expanding Hybrid Cloud Offerings
TikTok, Tesla Are Just the Start of US-China Clash Over Big Data
Samsung's Profit Surges After AI Boom Reverses Chip Losses
Sorry, you really can't disable Facebook's Meta AI tool - but here's what you can do
Impact of LLMs on Nature of and Demand for Data Science
A Software Engineer's Tips and Tricks #1: Drizzle
Analyzing Python Compression Libraries: zlib, LZ4, Brotli, and Zstandard
Turns Out That Extremely Impressive Sora Demo... Wasn't Exactly Made With Sora
Goodbye Internet... For Now
Vector Databases Are the Base of RAG Retrieval
Side Quest Devblog #1: These Fakes are getting Deep
Exploration of CDFs: Their Applications in Data Science
GitHub announces Copilot Workspace, a dev environment using  Copilot-powered agents  to help devs brainstorm, plan, build, test and run code in natural language (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
SynthEval: A Novel Open-Source Machine Learning Framework for Detailed Utility and Privacy Evaluation of Tabular Synthetic Data
Maybe go look at Google's AR animals before they enter the grave
Nemo Guardrails: Elevating AI Safety and Reliability
Exploring BGE-M3 and Splade: Two Machine Learning Models for Generating Sparse Embeddings
AI-Powered Excire Foto 2024 Update Streamlines Photo Organization
Critics question tech-heavy lineup of new Homeland Security AI safety board
An Undeservedly Forgotten Correlation Coefficient
Envio e recebimento de mensagens de texto dentro de imagens com Python
Building a Convolutional Neural Network with Keras
NIST launches a new platform to assess generative AI
Elon Musk Can't Solve Tesla's China Crisis With His Desperate Asia Visit
Combine Text Embeddings and Knowledge (Graph) Embeddings in RAG systems
SGX FX releases updated AI offering to help bolster FX decision-making
NIST launches a new program to assess generative AI technologies, with plans to release benchmarks, help create  content authenticity  detection tech, and more (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
How to setup the tailwindcss in your next HTML project ?
Why Everyone is Angry About the AI Safety Board
Live CEOing Ep 796: Design Review of Question Framework Features
Use AI for some free design assistance
LLMs: Rewriting Our Tomorrow (plus code) #ai
Is it a NEW OpenAI MODEL? (Testing gpt2-chatbot)
Controlling Fusion Reactor Instability with Deep Reinforcement Learning with Aza Jalalvand - #682
Introducing GPT-5? Mysterious GPT2-Chatbot Outperforms GPT-4!
Taiwan Stocks See $5 Billion Outflows as AI Hype Takes Breather
Blaize, which designs AI chips for edge devices and data centers, raised $106M; the company announced in December 2023 plans to go public via a SPAC merger (Maria Deutscher/SiliconANGLE)
A profile of and interview with Rabbit CEO Jesse Lyu, on the origins of the R1, taking  10 minutes to design  the device, the AI gadget competition, and more (Raymond Wong/Inverse)
Conversational Speech Recognition by Learning Audio-textual Cross-modal Contextual Representation
[D] Foundational papers for Graph Adversarial Learning?
Soket AI Labs Unveils Pragna-1B, Multilingual Indic Language Model
What are the responsibilities for technical writers in the GenAI era?
How much coursework is required to land an entry-level ML job? [D]
I left my VP role at 25 to build a startup. Leaving security and a steady paycheck behind was hard, but I have no regrets.
Building a WhatsApp Customer Service Representative with Lyzr, Flask, Twilio, and OpenAI
On the internet, where does the line between person end and bot begin?
Need help with html and javascript code
Tiger Tyagarajan Joins MathCo as Board Member
AIhub monthly digest: April 2024   explainable AI, access to compute, and noughts and crosses
Health-LLM: Large Language Models for Health Prediction via Wearable Sensor Data
The first-ever race between four self-driving cars and a Formula 1 driver just happened in Abu Dhabi
Vision AI agents for any task
Cohere Rolls Out Multi-Model Framework PoLL for Comprehensive LLM Evaluation
AI Detectors for ChatGPT: Everything You Need to Know
What is React Hydration
Meet Electric Atlas: A New Era of Robotics by Boston Dynamics
Revolutionising Video Creation: The AI Belarusian Video Generator
Python and the underscore (_)
The Importance of Protecting AI Models
How to Create Websites Easily with GO54 AI Website Builder
Yelp debuts AI-powered assistant to help you find the right contractors
Orange Sparkle Ball launches Autonomous Robot Pickup Pilots in Detroit
Rakuten India Announces the 4th Edition of RPC '24 in Collaboration with AIM
Google's Med-Gemini Model is Multimodal achieves 91.1% Accuracy in Medical Diagnostics
Taiwan Economy Grows at Fastest Pace Since 2021 on Chip Boom
Node.js vs. Python vs. Java: Choosing the Right Back-End Technology
The Download: robotics' data bottleneck, and our AI afterlives
Learning epidemic trajectories through Kernel Operator Learning: from modelling to optimal control
Is Intel Living in Denial?
Radarize: Enhancing Radar SLAM with Generalizable Doppler-Based Odometry
RTA-Former: Reverse Transformer Attention for Polyp Segmentation
Understanding and Using Lambda Functions in Python and Java
Devastated by his image being posted to a porn site, this founder hit on an AI startup idea
GPT-4 can outperform humans at reframing negative situations, study finds
The Ultimate AI Strategy Playbook
The booming business of AI war rooms during India's elections
How an empty S3 bucket can make your AWS bill explode
My approach to HTML web components
InfoQ Dev Summit Boston & Munich: Actionable insights on Generative AI, security, modern web apps
Edge 391: Autonomous Agents and LLM Function Calling
Nuvalence joins EY, expanding digital engineering, GenAI capabilities
Jamba: The New Hybrid Transformer/Mamba
Topic Modeling on Customer Reviews using BERTopic and Llama2
[R] NExT: Teaching Large Language Models to Reason about Code Execution
Artificial Intelligence in Assessing Cardiovascular Diseases and Risk Factors via Retinal Fundus Images: A Review of the Last Decade
My deepfake shows how valuable our data is in the age of AI
Get Video and Podcast Concise Summaries With TubeOnAI   Now $79
Is GPT2 Chatbot the new GPT-4.5?
Hippocrates: An Open-Source Machine Learning Framework for Advancing Large Language Models in Healthcare
'AI Town': A Simulation Game with a Mind of Its Own
Google CEO Sundar Pichai Nears Billionaire Status Powered by AI Boom
Huawei Launches Kangaroo, Cutting Down on AI Inference Delays with Self-Speculative Decoding
Analysis: Apple hired at least 36 AI experts from Google and has created a secretive European laboratory in Zurich, to develop new AI models and products (Michael Acton/Financial Times)
Bengaluru Leads in Diversity Representation Among tier-1 Indian Cities: Report
Yelp's new AI assistant can help you find service pros for all your spring projects
MLLM-Bench: Evaluating Multimodal LLMs with Per-sample Criteria
Gen AI Could Boost Bank Revenues by 6% in the Next 3 Years: Accenture
Holmes: Towards Distributed Training Across Clusters with Heterogeneous NIC Environment
Open-Source MS-DOS 4.0 Inspires Aspiring Hackers to Embrace Retro Revolution
ChatGPT faces Austria complaint over 'uncorrectable errors'
Gradient-based Local Next-best-view Planning for Improved Perception of Targeted Plant Nodes
Flask   What is It?
AI to Reduce, Alter Staffing at 1 of 4 Texas Firms, Survey Shows
Yelp's Assistant AI bot will do all the talking to help users find service providers
Microsoft announces plans to invest $1.7B in cloud and AI infrastructure in Indonesia over four years and train 840,000 people with AI skills in the country (Bloomberg)
Vivek Desai, Chief Technology Officer, North America at RLDatix   Interview Series
A framework to enhance the safety of text-to-image generation networks
LLM pipeline for marketing research insights
Hopefully, AI will help prevent such terrifying bear attacks in Japan
The robot race is fueling a fight for training data
Genpact Collaborates with Microsoft for AI-Driven Finance Transformation Across Enterprises
Best AI Voice Generators APIs in 2024
Gradformer: A Machine Learning Method that Integrates Graph Transformers (GTs) with the Intrinsic Inductive Bias by Applying an Exponential Decay Mask to the Attention Matrix
Yelp is launching a new AI assistant to help you connect with businesses
Apple's poached dozens of Googlers with AI talent in recent years, report says
Get your own custom Phi-3-mini for your use cases
779: The Tidyverse of Essential R Libraries and their Python Analogues   with Dr. Hadley Wickham
What happened at the first AI vs AI Motor Race?
How We Started Analyst Builder | How We Created It | Part 1
#95: OpenAI and Moderna Team Up, Microsoft Phi-3, and Sam Altman and AI Leaders Join Homeland Security AI Board
Trotting robots reveal emergence of animal gait transitions
[D] Evaluating LLMs Long-Context performance: What are the best practices?
Collaborating smarter, not harder
SafeBase taps AI to automate software security reviews
Vector Search is Eating the Web
AWS Announces General Availability of Amazon Q
[R] Measuring Vision-Language STEM Skills of Neural Models
World's Biggest Neuromorphic Computer Can Run Deep Learning
Phones are the ultimate AI gadget
Microsoft announces $1.7 billion investment to advance Indonesia's Cloud and AI ambitions
Open-Source MS-DOS 4.0 Inspires Aspiring Developers to Embrace Retro Revolution
Sam's Club says getting rid of physical receipt checks at the door has been a big success
This techie created a GPU from scratch in under two weeks
Mysterious gpt2-Chatbot takes Everyone by Surprise
GPT-4 Beats Human Psychologists in Understanding Complex Emotions
US Govt 'Snubs' Musk and Zuckerberg, Keeps 'em Out of AI Safety Board
Teradata adds support for Apache Iceberg, Delta Lake tables
You should rethink using AI-generated images if you're in the trust-building business
Amazon Earnings to Bring More Scrutiny For AI-Tethered Stocks
OpenAI Releases New Fine-Tuning API Features
Quoting D. Richard Hipp
Help with instance detection project, classical CV
AI-Powered Self-Driving Cars Race in Abu Dhabi's Autonomous Racing League
5 MLOps Courses from Google to Level Up Your ML Workflow
A Complete Noobs Guide to Vector Search, Part 2
Taiwan's economy is booming thanks to the AI craze
AI Leaders Join Forces to Safeguard Children in AI Applications
Kylie Robison Joins The Verge as Senior AI Reporter
Why 'adaptability is key' to this data scientist
Despite soaring profits, Google lays off more staff, including Python and Flutter engineers
12 of the best books on computer vision
AI leaderboards are no longer useful. It's time to switch to Pareto curves.
Google layoffs continue as cuts hit Flutter, Dart, and Python teams
Six-Month-Old AI Startup Behind Devin Now Valued at $2B
Databricks named a Leader in the 2024 Forrester Wave for Data Lakehouses
Expect a Wave of Waferscale Computers
Architectural Enhancements in Recent Open LLMs
Amazon releases Q business chatbot with new features
Amazon expands enterprise AI play with wider availability of its Q chatbot
Spending a Few Days Off Healing in Nature
The Foundation of Data Validation
What are some good resources to learn about missing values and different approaches to deal with them?
ChatGPT Plus remembers everything you forgot you told it to remember
Roundtables: Inside the Next Era of AI and Hardware
TechCrunch Minute: OpenAI's media deal rush continues with FT deal
From Baby Talk to Baby A.I.
Powerful New Chatbot Disappears as Mysteriously as It Arrived
Latest Google layoffs hit the Flutter and Python groups
Vienna conference urges regulation of AI weapons
[R] CRISPR-GPT: An LLM Agent for Automated Design of Gene-Editing Experiments
Exploring China's Pragmatic AI Approach   The AI Cold War Might Just Have Begun
Leverage Mixture of Experts-Based DBRX for Superior LLM Performance on Diverse Tasks
I figured out a cool way to get the AI to keep secrets from you (when playing games or role-playing, for when you want there to be secrets you don't know), by using a language you don't know.
They taught AI to edit genes with CRISPR. It knocked out 4 skin cancer genes.
Improving LLM Output by Combining RAG and Fine-Tuning
Amazon CodeWhisperer is now called Q Developer and is expanding its functions
REBEL: A Reinforcement Learning RL Algorithm that Reduces the Problem of RL to Solving a Sequence of Relative Reward Regression Problems on Iteratively Collected Datasets
Google Text Embedding Model Gecko Distills Large Language Models for Improved Performance
Opera's Aria chatbot can now generate images and read its answers out loud to you
Navigating the Risky Waters of Loan Defaults: A Predictive Beacon
Big Data Career Notes: April 2024 Edition
React
5 AI Management Tools for Business Leaders
Sources: Google has agreed to pay News Corp $5M to $6M annually to develop new AI-related content and products, as part of the Google News Initiative (Sahil Patel/The Information)
Enhancing Direct Answer Accuracy in RAG Setup with Self-Retrieval Mechanisms
Data Science Degrees vs. Courses: The Value Verdict
Chegg Slumps as Wall Street Sees AI Threat to Homework-Help Firm
SymphonyAI launches Generative AI-based Apex Enterprise IT Copilot
Is OpenAI testing GPT-4.5?  gpt2-chatbot  writes better code than GPT-4 and Claude
How to make a Lichess bot in Python
Simple multicoloured background and highlighted button in HTML & CSS
Python Interview Questions
Databricks receives FedRAMP High agency ATO on AWS GovCloud, now in public preview
This AI newsletter is all you need #97
Assassin's Creed Mirage finally arrives on June 6 for iPhone and iPad
Meta's AI search is weird and uncanny &mdash; and I'm not sure who it's for
Microsoft buys Azure cloud growth in Indonesia for $1.7 billion
How European disability tech startups are leveraging AI
Eight daily newspapers owned by Alden sue OpenAI and Microsoft, accusing them of using copyrighted articles without permission to train generative AI products (Katie Robertson/New York Times)
InternVL 1.5 Advances Multimodal AI with High-Resolution and Bilingual Capabilities in Open-Source Models
Accounting Startups Continue To Tally Up Funding
Source: Apple is testing new Safari features including more advanced content blocking and an AI-powered Intelligent Search tool, expected to debut in 2024 (Marko Zivkovic/AppleInsider)
Meet Amazon Q, the AI assistant that generates apps for you
AI that determines risk of death helps save lives in hospital trial - the AI reduced overall deaths among high-risk patients by 31 per cent.
Transforming the Reading Experience with BookNote.AI by WebLab Technology
Why You Shouldn't Finetune Models Directly on Raw Data
Apple's Safari Browser May Let You Erase Ads Completely With New AI Makeover
8 Daily Newspapers Sue OpenAI and Microsoft Over A.I.
FastAPI Best Practices: A Condensed Guide with Examples
Samsung's operating profit soars 930% as AI tailwinds drive demand for memory chips
LWiAI Podcast #164 - Meta AI, Phi-3, OpenELM, Bollywood Deepfakes
[R] They taught AI to edit genes with CRISPR. It knocked out 4 skin cancer genes.
Apple poached three dozen Google experts to open a secret AI lab in Zurich
These 3 Gemini upgrades will help you get more out of the AI assistant
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of April 26th
Eight US newspapers sue OpenAI and Microsoft for copyright infringement
AI has entered the workplace. 3 industry leaders discuss how businesses can embrace it.
US newspapers sue OpenAI, Microsoft over AI chatbots
5 AI Chatbot Builders to Add to Your Website and Boost User Engagement
How To Control Access in LLM Data Plus Distributed Authorization
The Stream Processing Model Behind Google Cloud Dataflow
New AI Photoshop Features!
Handling Multi-Terabyte LLM Checkpoints // Simon Karasik // #228
[ML News] Chips, Robots, and Models
How Zuckerberg made the call to release Llama 3 early
Handling Multi-Terabyte LLM Checkpoints // Simon Karasik // MLOps Podcast #228
ALMOST a step closer to HER!! (ChatGPT Memory Tutorial)
Grokking Machine Learning Makes Machine Learning Simpler
Super Micro Sales Fail to Clear High Investor Expectations
Mysterious  gpt2-chatbot  AI model appears suddenly, confuses experts
OpenAI Deal with Financial Times another Sign That Data is the Key LLM Battlefront
Amazon Q for developers is generally available
Amazon, AT&T, Verizon Named Best Tech Companies for Career Growth in 2024, LinkedIn Reports
GETTING STARTED WITH HTML EP5
Multimodal Experience with AI/ML API in NodeJS
Over 50 Mila-affiliated scientific papers accepted at ICLR 2024
Advanced SQL for Data Analysis  Part 1: Subqueries and CTE
Quoting LMSYS
A new framework to improve high computing performance
Microsoft Executive Says AI Is a  New Kind of Digital Species
Amazon sales soar with boost from artificial intelligence
Artists Sue Google Over Its AI Image Generator
Over $100,000 in donations raised at TechAide 2024
Llama 3 Cheat Sheet: A Complete Guide for 2024
Pandas to_datetime ( pd.to_datetime )
Learn SwiftUI (Day 1/100)
Amazon Reports Strong Cloud Unit Sales on Rising AI Demand
AI speech analysis may aid in assessing and preventing potential suicides, says researcher
AMD Slides After AI Chip Forecast Misses Lofty Estimates
Microsoft boss charms Indonesia with $1.7B AI, cloud injection
New York Daily News, Chicago Tribune, and others sue OpenAI and Microsoft
Congrats to the Coze AI Bot Challenge Winners!
More big city newspapers drag Microsoft, OpenAI hard in copyright lawsuit
GAIA: Redefining AI Assistant Evaluation
Top 13 Trending TypeScript repos in May 2024
Apple's latest AirPods Pro with USB-C have returned to their all-time low
Loeb's Third Point Says AI Makes Up Almost 50% of Stock Exposure
Amazon earnings results: AMZN stock rallies after hours from AI-fueled AWS growth, Q1 sales and profit beats
Turns out the Rabbit R1 was just an Android app all along
Highlighting Image Text
Running Stanford OVAL's STORM Mistral demo with Paperspace and DSPy
Edge AI and It's Advantages over Traditional AI
The Future of Generative AI is Agentic: What You Need to Know
MovieChat+: Elevating Zero-Shot Long Video Understanding to New Heights
Side Quest Devblog #2: Virtual Insanity
Data-driven UIs
Sam's Club has deployed its exit tech, which uses computer vision to check members' purchases against their receipts, at 120+ locations, or 20% of its stores (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
This AI Research from Cohere Discusses Model Evaluation Using a Panel of Large Language Models Evaluators (PoLL)
AMD's cancelled RDNA 4 GPU could have doubled the 7900 XTX's performance
Unboxing  Loss Functions in YOLOv8
How to check if a variable is number in Python
ScrapeGraphAI: A Web Scraping Python Library that Uses LLMs to Create Scraping Pipelines for Websites, Documents, and XML Files
Physics-Based Deep Learning: Insights into Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs)
A look at gpt2-chatbot, a mysterious AI chatbot which became available on LLM benchmarking site LMSYS Org and is believed to have similar capabilities as GPT-4 (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
Elisity, which is developing AI tools for companies to anticipate and pre-empt cyber threats, raised a $37M Series B from Insight Partners and others (FinSMEs)
Microsoft Concern About Google's Lead Drove Investment in OpenAI
CEO of Anthropic &mdash; the AI company Amazon is betting billions on &mdash; says it could cost $10 billion to train AI in 2 years
NPC AI Planning with GOAP
Save the Web by Being Nice
How bills under consideration in various US states to address AI bias contain loopholes that would make companies avoiding accountability easier (Politico)
Ireland's energy-related emissions hit lowest levels in 30 years
Microsoft and OpenAI sued yet again by Chicago Tribune and New York Daily News
Object Detection for Automated Coronary Artery Using Deep Learning
Rabbit denies claims that its R1 virtual assistant is a glorified Android app
New AI Avatars Can Blink, Have Realistic Facial Expressions
Four Simple Steps to Build a Custom Self-hosted Llama3 Application
Training an Unbeatable Connect 4 Ai
Building a First Aid Assistant with Lyzr SDK
Introducing DIVZ - a React component to scroll, swipe & zoom through content on the 3D z-axis
Artists Sue Google for Alleged AI Image Copyright Infringement
Google Search results polluted by buggy AI-written code frustrate coders
Bra Asks Yuhang Jia: Saying Goodbye to  Artificial Stupidity ? AI Training Data Providers Rectify the Names of AI
OpenAI to Launch Google Search Alternative Soon
Tesla Seals Deal for China Maps, Whether Musk Wants Them or Not
TNW Podcast: Alexandra Balkova on the state of VC; AI compute for everyone
[D] ICML 2024 Decision Thread
Intel, Ampere show running LLMs on CPUs isn't as crazy as it sounds
Hyped Rabbit R1 AI device faces harsh criticism in first reviews
Large Language Model Performance in Time Series Analysis
CPU vs GPU: Understanding the Difference in Simple Terms
Generating Fake Django Model Instances with Factory Boy
Offer from an org that is mostly operating in excel
Caching OpenAI Chat API Responses with LangChain and Xata
Meet the Woman Who Showed President Biden ChatGPT and Helped Set the Course for AI
MongoDB aims to jumpstart AI app development with MAAP
Learn to build AI apps with Azure Cosmos DB!
Reddit users compile list of words and phrases that unmask ChatGPT's writing style
Tech VCs Go to DC for Summit on China Risks, Featuring Taiwan
NOLA: Compressing LoRA using Linear Combination of Random Basis
Meta AI Introduces CyberSecEval 2: A Novel Machine Learning Benchmark to Quantify LLM Security Risks and Capabilities
ReWiTe: Realistic Wide-angle and Telephoto Dual Camera Fusion Dataset via Beam Splitter Camera Rig
An artificial mind, with a lifelike body: Amid a world of evolving AI, a Las Vegas man brings his creations to life
Journey towards self hosted AI code completion
DOJ v. Google: Microsoft invested in OpenAI over fears of falling behind Google; Kevin Scott said he was  very, very worried  in a 2019 email to Satya Nadella (Bloomberg)
3 New Prompt Engineering Resources to Check Out
[D] TensorDock   GPU Cloud Marketplace, H100s from $2.49/hr
AI Drug Discovery Startup Emerges From Stealth, Raises $1B
Eight more publishers sue OpenAI and Microsoft for massive copyright infringement
Tool Use, Agents, and the Voyager Paper
Towards a Systems Theory of Algorithms
PANGeA: Procedural Artificial Narrative using Generative AI for Turn-Based Video Games
AI Hardware Stocks Get Pummeled Even as Big Tech Keeps Spending
A Beginner's Guide to Building a Data Science Portfolio Website with ChatGPT
In 2024, Data Quality and AI Will Open New Doors
Microsoft's Satya Nadella Says He is Thrilled to be in Thailand, Opens First Datacenter in the Region
Free LLM Playgrounds and Their Comparative Analysis
Part 3: Mastering Asynchronous JavaScript in Node.js
Learning Approximate and Exact Numeral Systems via Reinforcement Learning
An Effective Image Copy-Move Forgery Detection Using Entropy Information
A retired Microsoft exec and his wife fell in love with RVing during the pandemic. Now he's using AI to help you plan your next road trip.
PyTorch Releases ExecuTorch Alpha for Deploying LLMs for Edge Devices
Alice's Adventures in a Differentiable Wonderland -- Volume I, A Tour of the Land
Intel's Gelsinger Fights Ghosts of History as Well as Rivals Nvidia, AMD
Quick tip: Write numpy arrays directly to the SingleStore VECTOR data type
Tao: Re-Thinking DL-based Microarchitecture Simulation
AI Is Helping Automate One of the World's Most Gruesome Jobs
GIS Machine Learning With R-An Overview.
Microsoft and Axel Springer plan ad-funded AI chatbots for news
Presentation: Building Guardrails for Enterprise AI Applications W/ LLMs
Meta and Google Are Betting on AI Voice Assistants. Will They Take Off?
Enhancing Trust in LLM-Generated Code Summaries with Calibrated Confidence Scores
Understanding Neuro-Symbolic AI: Integrating Symbolic and Neural Approaches
Myth vs. Fact: A Common Misconceptions About AI
Read the email to Satya Nadella and Bill Gates that shows Microsoft's CTO was 'very worried' about Google's AI progress in 2019
Balancing Innovation and Rights: A Cooperative Game Theory Approach to Copyright Management in Generative AI Technologies
6 Latest AI Models from Meta, OpenAI, Apple and More
Quick tip: Using R, OpenAI and SingleStore Notebooks
Hadley Wickham's Favorite R Tidyverse Libraries
NEW LLM Test: Reasoning & gpt2-chatbot
AI Agents with GPT-4 Turbo and CrewAI | Cryptocurrency Market Report with News
Oh God please, create devices that INTEGRATE with Smartphones - stop trying to replace them
KitOps Release v0.2 Introducing Dev Mode and the ability to chain ModelKits
How does freezing a model work? [D]
How an informal supper club became a US tech lobbying force, helping draft the TikTok bill; sources: the group plans to draft an EO to reverse Biden's AI rules (Washington Post)
A Vast New Data Set Could Supercharge the AI Hunt for Crypto Money Laundering
Is AI the Killer Application for Silicon Photonics?
Opensource Installation
AI Startup Anthropic Debuts Claude Chatbot as an iPhone App
Researchers at UC Berkeley Unveil a Novel Interpretation of the U-Net Architecture Through the Lens of Generative Hierarchical Models
New Jersey-based CoreWeave, which rents out chips to help create AI systems, raised $1.1B led by Coatue at a $19B valuation, five months after raising $642M (Asa Fitch/Wall Street Journal)
End-to-end MLOps CI/CD pipeline with Harness and AWS
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 22/04 to 28/04
Rabbit's first R1 software update fixed my biggest problem with the AI gadget
Bihar Emerges as the Next Big Hub for Tech Talent
Google urges US to update immigration rules to attract more AI talent
Internet Horrified at AI App for Cloning Dead Family Members
Google says immigration rules are making it hard to hire top AI talent
Avoid These 5 Common Mistakes Every Novice in AI Makes
How RLHF works, part 2: A thin line between useful and lobotomized
Anthropic finally releases a Claude mobile app
Inside Microsoft's Phi-3 Mini: A Lightweight AI Model Punching Above Its Weight
In a letter to the US Labor Department, Google says the US could lose out on valuable AI and tech talent if some of its immigration policies are not modernized (Emilia David/The Verge)
Donald Trump Is the Most Popular Subject for AI Images: Report
How to create a responsive video background in HTML and CSS
Intelligently Balance Cost Optimization & Reliability on Databricks
Nvidia's AI chatbot now supports Google's Gemma model, voice queries, and more
Amazon Reports Record Q1 2024 Earnings and Launches Amazon Q Assistant
New AI technique detects money laundering via cryptocurrencies
You can make big money from AI - but only if people trust your data
Microsoft Invests $1.7B to Improve AI, Cloud Infrastructure in Indonesia
Anthropic launches a free iOS app and Team, its first enterprise plan, which offers access to its Claude 3 Opus, Sonnet, and Haiku models for $30/user/month (Hayden Field/CNBC)
Dublin's Learnosity ranked one of the world's top edtechs by Time
Google supercharges Chrome's omnibox address bar with machine learning
Path tracing mods for Deus Ex, Dark Messiah, and Half-Life 2 show stunning progress
Coalition of news publishers sue Microsoft and OpenAI
Samsung on cloud nine after 933% Q1 profit jump, thanks to AI wave
Jaret Chiles, Chief Services Officer, DoiT   Interview Series
Elliptic, MIT, and IBM release an experimental new AI detection model and its 200M-transaction training dataset to help identify Bitcoin money laundering (Andy Greenberg/Wired)
Knowledge Series #33 - How do data migrations work?
Anthropic launches a new premium plan aimed at businesses
Microsoft Boosts Responsible AI Team From 350 to 400 Personnel
How to Hire   and When to Fire   a Chief AI Officer
AI video throwdown: OpenAI's Sora vs. Runway and Pika
BiTCN: Multivariate Time Series Forecasting with Convolutional Networks
How to Power up your Digital Marketing with Deep Learning Predictions
AI enthusiasm #9 - A multilingual chatbot
Adobe wants your help finding security flaws in Content Credentials and Firefly
ChatGPT's chatbot rival Claude to be introduced on iPhone
Adobe Adds Firefly and AI Watermarking to Bug Bounty Program
Microsoft's FOMO after seeing Google AI drove investment in OpenAI
Cloud Computing Startup CoreWeave Nears $8.6 Billion in Funding
iOS 18 could overhaul several built-in iPhone apps with AI features
Guidance Published to Help Developers Build Safer AI
Rabbit CEO Defends $200 AI Doohickey, Says 'It's Not an App'
AI-Powered Localization: Using Open Source Projects For Translation Automation
Anthropic Wants to Put Its Claude AI Wherever You Are With New App
Nvidia's free local chatbot adds new AI models, image search, and voice input
Microsoft's billion-dollar OpenAI investment was trigged by Google fears, emails reveal
Anthropic's AI assistant Claude gets an iOS app and new team plan for businesses
Mystery Deepens as Super Powerful AI Appears, Then Disappears
Introducing the Claude Team plan and iOS app
Atlassian launches Rovo, its new AI teammate
Anthropic launches a free Claude iOS app and Team, its first enterprise plan
Microsoft taps Sanctuary AI for general-purpose robot research
Regression Testing with LangSmith
Anthropic Unveils Claude 3 Team Plan for Enterprise Collaboration
Atlassian debuts Rovo, an AI product giving businesses contextual search, insights, and the ability to add custom agents to handle tasks and  complete projects  (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
Podcast: You're Probably Overthinking It   Demystifying Data with Allen Downey
Q&A with White House Office of Science and Technology Policy Director Arati Prabhakar on her role, working at DARPA, AI, showing ChatGPT to Biden, and more (Steven Levy/Wired)
The UK's ARIA Is Searching For Better AI Tech
Exploring the Landscape of Database Paradigms - A Comprehensive Guide - Key-Value Databases
The Role of AI and Algorithms in Social Media
Python  Financial Health  Terminal Project
Snapchat's 'My AI' chatbot can now set in-app reminders and countdowns
Introduction to Semantic Search with Python and OpenAI API
ChatGPT shows better moral judgment than a college undergrad
Super Mario Bros: The LLM Levels - Generate levels with a prompt
Machine Learning based prediction of Vanadium Redox Flow Battery temperature rise under different charge-discharge conditions
AI Cloud Infrastructure Startup CoreWeave Raises Huge New Round At Reported $19B Valuation
ChatGPT just got two updates that address major pain points for users
Google lays off staff from Flutter, Dart and Python teams weeks before its developer conference
Sources: Google laid off at least 200 employees from its  Core  teams, including its Python developer team, and plans to move some roles to Mexico and India (Jennifer Elias/CNBC)
Specialized Coding Copilots? Microsoft Talks 'Copilot for Infrastructure as Code'
[P] I reproduced Anthropic's recent interpretability research
[R] KAN: Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks
What Exactly Is An Algorithm? Turing Machines Explained
Stay Updated with Python/FastAPI/Django: Weekly News Summary (22/04/2024 28/04/2024)
3 Reasons Data Engineers Are the Unsung Heroes of GenAI
Spotlight: Continental and SoftServe Deliver Generative AI-Powered Virtual Factory Solutions with OpenUSD
Understand SQL Window Functions Once and For All
Sinfully Simple GPT-4 Prompting For Stunning Streamlit Interactive Maps
Science has an AI problem: Research group says they can fix it
Rabbit R1 AI box revealed to just be an Android app
StarCoder 2: Complete Guide
Airbnb releases group booking features as it taps into AI for customer service
Llama 3 prompt formats
The Synergy Between Knowledge Graphs and Large Language Models
My First Billion (of Rows) in DuckDB
Adobe Exec Says AI is a 'Revolution' and the 'New Digital Camera'
Microsoft announces plans to invest $2.2B in cloud and AI infrastructure in Malaysia over four years and train 200,000 people with AI skills in the country (Saritha Rai/Bloomberg)
Anthropic releases its AI chatbot Claude as an iOS app
Meet Pyte: A Data Collaboration Platform that Preserves the Confidentiality of Data During Its Entire Data Lifecycle
LogicGate launches AI Governance Solution for enterprise innovation
Renda, which provides order fulfillment for businesses in Africa, takes in $1.9M
I don't care if we burn $50 billion a year, we're building AGI,  says Sam Altman
A survey on deep learning in medical image registration: new technologies, uncertainty, evaluation metrics, and beyond
April Steam survey sees another AMD card enter chart, Windows 11 gain more users
Microsoft's OpenAI focus stemmed from Google fears, email suggests
OMRON announced strategic partnership with NEURA Robotics
Not a Genius move: Resurrecting war hero Alan Turing as your 'chief AI officer'
Microsoft wants to arm 2.5 million people in Asean with AI skills
Gyan AI Unveils Smaller-Scale Maths LLM, Paramanu-Ganita, Outperforming LLama, Falcon
ProCoT: Stimulating Critical Thinking and Writing of Students through Engagement with Large Language Models (LLMs)
Eye On AI: After Q4 Slowdown, AI-Related M&A Picked Back Up In Q1
Tata Technologies Builds First-of-its-Kind Design Studio Using Llama 2 and Stable Diffusion 3
Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet are doubling down on AI for the cloud &mdash; and it seems to be paying off
Interview with Salena Torres Ashton: causality and natural language
Jensen Huang's 6 a.m. starts and 14-hour workday helped him turn Nvidia into a $2 trillion company
Researchers from Stanford and Amazon Developed STARK: A Large-Scale Semi-Structure Retrieval AI Benchmark on Textual and Relational Knowledge Bases
JP Morgan Interview Question & Answers | Java Developer 7+ Years Experience for Mumbai
Random robots are more reliable: New AI algorithm for robots consistently outperforms state-of-the-art systems
3 pernicious myths of responsible AI
Soket AI Labs Becomes the First Indian Startup to Build Solutions Towards Ethical AGI
Universal signs TikTok deal allowing artists back on platform
Freedom Has Always Found a Way : Former DEX COO Dives Into DeFi Prospects
How Fast is SciChart's WPF Chart? DirectX vs. Software Comparison
How to Use Re-Ranking for Better LLM RAG Retrieval
Confluent Unveils New Capabilities to Simplify AI and Stream Processing
How Law Enforcement Can Track Persons of Interest Without Relying on Facial Recognition
$\\texttt{immrax}$: A Parallelizable and Differentiable Toolbox for Interval Analysis and Mixed Monotone Reachability in JAX
Optimizing Memory for Large Language Model Inference and Fine-Tuning
Thousands of AI Authors on the Future of AI
AI has the potential to ease the US meat industry's labor vulnerability by letting robots perform some of the high precision tasks required to butcher meat (Bloomberg)
Enhancing Super-Resolution Networks through Realistic Thick-Slice CT Simulation
[D] Modern best coding practices for Pytorch (for research)?
Quick SQL guide and cheat sheet: Essential Commands
Adani Flagship's Profit Slips 38% Bogged Down by One-Time Charge
Universal Music Group and TikTok agree a new music licensing deal to bring UMG music back to the platform, including  improved remuneration  and AI protections (Jem Aswad/Variety)
Edge 392: Meet RAFT: UC Berkeley's New Method to Improve RAG Patterns in LLMs
Snapchat launches new AR and ML tools for brands and advertisers
UNcommonsense Reasoning: Abductive Reasoning about Uncommon Situations
Navigating the New Frontier: AI-Powered Software Development
Viator Turns to AI for Ad Campaign to Raise Travel Company's Brand
This ChatGPT update fixed one of my biggest productivity issues with the AI chatbot
AI Can't Reject Your No Good, Very Bad Idea
Microsoft to invest $2.2bn for AI and cloud growth in Malaysia
Broadcom Tries to Simplify VMware Portfolio and Licensing
SML Unveils Hanooman, Sets Ola Krutrim On Fire
This AI Paper from MIT and Harvard Demonstrates an AI Approach to Automated in Silico Hypothesis Generation and Testing Made Possible Through the Use of SCMs
Create an AI prototyping environment using Jupyter Lab IDE with Typescript, LangChain.js and Ollama for rapid AI prototyping
XTuner: An Efficient, Flexible, and Full-Featured AI Toolkit for Fine-Tuning Large Models
Tabnine and Atlassian reveal new generative AI tools for developers
Leveraging Kaggle for Free Geographical Data: A Guide to Integrating with PostGIS via QGIS
Dr Brian MacNamee becomes director of SFI's Insight centre at UCD
[R] Is Model Collapse Inevitable? Breaking the Curse of Recursion by Accumulating Real and Synthetic Data
Anthropic now has a Claude chatbot app for iOS
Revolutionizing AI Tools Directory: How AI Parabellum is Changing the Game
Google's New Feature Lets Users Chat with Gemini Directly in Chrome's Search Bar
GPT-4.5 or GPT-5? Unveiling the Mystery Behind the 'gpt2-chatbot': The New X Trend for AI
Bengaluru-based Robotics Company CynLr Unveils Semi-Humanoid 'CyRo'
The Morning After: Microsoft's OpenAI partnership was born from Google AI envy
Cultivating Ethical Intelligence: Navigating the Landscape of AI Ethics in the Digital Age
Why AI can't beat the 'essential human touch' in communication
5 Lessons From LinkedIn's First Foray Into GenAI Development
Can AI-powered drive-throughs save the day for fast food operators?
OpenAI rival Anthropic launches its first smartphone app
Google reportedly cuts hundreds of staff from Core teams
[R] Training-free Graph Neural Networks and the Power of Labels as Features
Rippl acquires AI healthcare startup Kinto
The Unsexy Future of Generative AI Is Enterprise Apps
Huawei AI Introduces 'Kangaroo': A Novel Self-Speculative Decoding Framework Tailored for Accelerating the Inference of Large Language Models
TransRUPNet for Improved Polyp Segmentation
Introduction to Computer Vision for Climate Change
Course Recommender Systems Need to Consider the Job Market
SciChart.js Preview   Creating Real-time JavaScript Stock Charts with WebAssembly & WebGL
Knowledge Graphs and Pre-trained Language Models enhanced Representation Learning for Conversational Recommender Systems
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says GPT-4 is the dumbest AI model you'll ever have to use again
MongoDB Partners with Cohere to Elevate Enterprise GenAI Through MAAP
2024 Artificial Intelligence Index
History of Science and Technology Q&A (May 1, 2024)
Shiny: Build Robust Web Apps in Minutes with Python or R
Live CEOing Ep 797: Design Review of Geography, Dates, Quantity Features
Are artists embracing or refusing AI?
Extending Llama-3 to 1M+ Tokens  -  Does it Impact the Performance?
Unauthorized AI Voice Clones of Taylor Swift Face Removal From TikTok
Elon Musk's AI Startup xAI Expands to Japan
Illuminating AI: The Transformative Potential of Neuromorphic Optical Neural Networks
Deepfake detection by FacePlugin-Safeguarding Remote Onboarding
9 AI Frameworks to Solve Crime
[D] Why do juniors (undergraduates or first- to second-year PhD students) have so many papers at major machine learning conferences like ICML, ICLR, NeurIPS, etc.?
Experts call for swift action against autonomous weapons in  Oppenheimer moment
Karius, which uses AI to help analyze blood tests in 400 hospitals, raised $100M led by Khosla, after raising $165M in early 2020 led by Vision Fund II (Sarah McBride/Bloomberg)
Microsoft to Power General Purpose Humanoid Robots with Sanctuary AI
Khosla, VCs Plow $100 Million Into Blood Test Startup Using AI
Llama-3 with 1 Million Context
How 'apocalypse' became a secular as well as religious idea
What to expect from the next generation of chatbots: OpenAI's GPT-5 and Meta's Llama-3
First Tim Cook, now Satya Nadella is also wooing Indonesia &mdash; the world's 4th most populous nation
Peakto Search Makes It Easy to Find Any Photo in Capture One Pro
University Center on Alert for Bias as AI Spreads
Generative AI in Drug Discovery: Evaluating the Impact
Securonix Introduces Securonix EON to Combat AI-Driven Cyber Threats
Bridging the Binary Gap: Challenges in Training Neural Networks to Decode and Summarize Code
Reasons why ChatGPT probably won't change everything for us right now!
US seeks assurance from China and Russia that AI will never control their nuclear weapons
IBM Expands Software Availability to 92 Countries in AWS Marketplace
Getting Started with PyTest: Effortlessly Write and Run Tests in Python
Introducing StarSearch: Unlock the Copilot for Git History
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 22/04 to 28/04
Intel's 18A Panther Lake CPUs on track to launch in mid-2025, promising significant AI boost
AWS Collaborates With ShellKode to Train 1 Lakh Women Developers in GenAI
Retrieval Augmented Generation With Llama 3, ChromaDB and Langchain
[D] How can I detect the text orientation using MMOCR or MMDET models?
The future of AI language models may lie in predicting beyond the next word, study suggests
Dropbox, Figma CEOs back Lamini, a startup building a generative AI platform for enterprises
How Developers Gave Llama 3 More Memory
Denodo Partners with SITL to Provide Enterprises with Data Fabric and Data Mesh Capabilities
Beginner's guide to Generative AI and LLM
Learning from the Past: Comparing the Hype Cycles of Big Data and GenAI
9 AI Tools for Solving Crime, Narcotics, and Murder Investigations
Biden used ChatGPT for the first time. Here's how that went.
Researchers create massive open dataset to advance AI solutions for carbon capture
Transcarent Raises $126 Million Series D
What is Kafka Connect?
Printing music with CSS Grid
RTX 4090 owner says his 16-pin power connector melted at the GPU and PSU ends simultaneously
Nurses Say Hospital Adoption Of Half-Cooked 'AI' Is Reckless
Exovera Enhances exoINSIGHT with Advanced Data Exploration, Collection
5 ways AI can help you study for finals - for free
Introducing ChatTuesday.com: Customized AI Chatbots for Your Website
Containerize Python Apps with Docker in 5 Easy Steps
AccountabilIT achieves Microsoft IAM Advanced Specialization
Expedient unveils Secure AI Gateway
Computer science culture often means anybody's data is fair game to feed the AI algorithm   but artists are fighting back
Sloan's Inbox: How Do I Achieve a Four-Day Work Week?
Microsoft invests in humanoid robots with start-up Sanctuary AI
How Open Source can make you code better
How Dosu Used LangSmith to Achieve a 30% Accuracy Improvement with No Prompt Engineering
Sam Altman says we probably won't need a new device for the AI future
How Will AI Investment Affect Big Tech Profits? It May Be Hard to Find Out
Nvidia makes it easier to get GeForce Now running on the Steam Deck
[D] Current state of Chatbot pipelines in Commercial settings?
Freeing the chatbot
Data Science Unicorns, RAG Pipelines, a New Coefficient of Correlation, and Other April Must-Reads
Briefing: Spotify Backstage, GitHub Workspace and DataGPT
Cobra Kai's Final Season Will Be Split Into Three Parts
Atlassian Unveils Rovo, a new AI-Powered Knowledge Discovery Tool for Enterprise
Rabbit R1 review: nothing to see here
Vention Launches New Cloud-Robotics and AI Capabilities
Nvidia RTX 4090 can crack complex 8-character passwords in minutes
Danti's natural language search engine for Earth data soars with $5M in new funding
AI Cloud Startup CoreWeave Raises $1.1B as GPU Demand Surges
8 Tech Products That Notoriously Got Wrecked by First Reviews
Bloomberg Partners With AppliedXL, To Use AI in Generating Stories for Terminal Users
Winamp's new music platform is coming this summer
AI use by businesses is small but growing rapidly, led by IT sector and firms in Colorado and DC
Brazil-based Indicium, which helps enterprises become  data-driven  using data stacks from AWS and others, raised $40M to expand its operations in the US (Duncan Riley/SiliconANGLE)
Exploring HENet: Forcing a Network to Think More for Font Recognition: A Brief Overview
World's First Commissioned Music Video Created by OpenAI Sora Looks Awfully Nice (Not!)
AI Copilots Are Changing How Coding Is Taught
Some developers are releasing longer context windows for Llama 3 thanks to Meta's open-source approach; Llama 3 has a short context window of 8,000+ tokens (Kalley Huang/The Information)
How to spot fake online reviews (with a little help from AI)
How to create and monetize UI library?
Microsoft continues multibillion-dollar cloud and AI sprinkle in Malaysia
Nick Bostrom Made the World Fear AI. Now He Asks: What if It Fixes Everything?
When is Google I/O 2024 and what to expect: Android 15, Gemini, Wear OS, and more
10 Best Books to Teach You About Artificial Intelligence in 2024
The Top LLMs and AI Tools of 2024 So Far, Humanoid AI Robots, Llama 3, and AI Washing
Nvidia ChatRTX gets more LLM support, AI voice recognition
Meta Sees Free Models as its Future
Agents of Change: Navigating the Rise of AI Agents in 2024
AI is Expected to Surge in Forensic Science According to Market Report
AI-powered 'deep medicine' could transform healthcare in the NHS
Microsoft invested in OpenAI over fears of Google's AI dominance
Italy Lays the Groundwork for AI Regulation
Research Focus: Week of April 29, 2024
AI is Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Risk Assessments
New AI Models From Apple May Find Home in Future iPhones
Microsoft Partners with Conduent, Eyeing Business Ops
Microsoft made the biggest renewable energy agreement ever to fuel its AI ambitions
Data Science Case Study   Credit Default Prediction: Part 1
AMD Updates AI Engine In New Versal Series
Audible's Test of AI-Voiced Audiobooks Tops 40,000 Titles
BASIC's 60th anniversary reminds us of the language that democratized programming, as AI threatens to automate coding
[P] spRAG - Open-source RAG implementation for challenging real-world tasks
New AI tool efficiently detects asbestos in roofs so it can be removed
Starting a Portfolio as a Photographer: An Encouraging Perspective
Microsoft bans U.S. police departments from using enterprise AI tool
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #22
Hyundai invests $475M in self-driving startup Motional and will spend another $448M to buy 11% of Aptiv's common equity interest in Motional (Rebecca Bellan/TechCrunch)
How Mobile App Quality Can Be Improved With AI
Danube-2: The Tiny AI Model Leading the Open LLM Leaderboard
University of Maryland Introduces AI Interdisciplinary Institute
Microsoft Unveils New Cost Effective AI Model   Phi-3
Hindi-Language AI Chatbot for Enterprises Using Qdrant, MLFlow, and LangChain
Head of DeepMind States Google AI Spending Could Exceed $100B
Beware of AI-based deception detection, warns scientific community
[Thread] California state Sen. Scott Wiener defends his AI safety bill SB 1047, after criticism that it will  crush OpenAI's competitors  and open-source AI (Senator Scott Wiener/@scott_wiener)
UK Regulator Eyeing Microsoft and Amazon AI Deals
Hyundai is spending close to $1 billion to keep self-driving startup Motional alive
Your AI-native startup ain't the same as a typical SaaS company
The Fed likely won't cut rates until after a recession strikes, research firm says
Microsoft bans US police departments from using integrations with Azure OpenAI Service, including integrations with OpenAI's text- and speech-analyzing models (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
[D] Something I always think about, for top conferences like ICML, NeurIPS, CVPR,..etc. How many papers are really groundbreaking?
Exploring the Practical Applications of ChatGPT in Everyday Life
ASF Unveils the Next Evolution of Big Data Processing With the Launch of Hive 4.0
[D] Benchmark creators should release their benchmark datasets in stages
Computer Vision Meetup: Making LLMs Safe & Reliable
Generative AI App Aids Emergency Room Note-Taking
Computer Vision Meetup: Develop a Legal Search Application from Scratch using Milvus and DSPy!
Newspapers Sue OpenAI, Microsoft Over Unauthorized Article Use
From Social Science to Data Science
Revolutionize Your Content with AI Article Rewriting in Python!
Elixir Days - Evento presencial em So Paulo
HELP! We've Been HECS'd
Apple earnings see 10% iPhone sales drop
Researchers use ChatGPT for choreographies with flying robots
Environmental Implications of the AI Boom
Computer Vision Meetup: Who needs RLHF When You Have SFT?
How to Build Data Pipelines for Machine Learning
To make AI safe, governments must regulate data collection
Quoting Zach Seward
Modular software for scientific image reconstruction
4 IoT Trends U.K. Businesses Should Watch in 2024
Microsoft, Google and Meta Bet on Fake Data to Build AI Models
Starting ML Product Initiatives on the Right Foot
We're reading: How Facebook's AI 'Shrimp Jesus' is creating a zombie internet
Unlock Your Writing Potential with CopilotKit's AI-Powered Wizardry!
AI can now generate entire songs on demand. What does this mean for music as we know it?
What are you excited about based on the career you've built so far and where you predict it's gonna take you?
Melhorando e configurando seu novo Shell linux. Pt-2
Microsoft bans US police departments from using enterprise AI tool for facial recognition
Why OpenAI Should Become Open-Source
AI Is Gathering a Growing Amount of Training Data Inside Virtual Worlds
Comparing PyTorch and JAX
[Discussion] Should I go to ICML and present my paper?
If you are a data scientist and does not work on Machine Learning part, then how does your work differentiate from a Data Analyst?
cURL for Web Scraping with Python, JAVA, and PHP
Is it possible to calculate the distance of an object using a single camera?
I built a new in-browser AI Video generator!
AMD's next-gen Radeon GPUs might feature completely new ray tracing hardware
What's your opinions about KAN?
Tim Cook says Apple has  big plans to announce  from an  AI point of view  during its May 7 event, where new iPads are expected, and at WWDC in June (Zac Hall/9to5Mac)
Anthropic Releases Claude Team Enterprise AI Plan and iOS App
DataRobot 'Guard Models' Keep GenAI on the Straight and Narrow
Unsealed emails show that Microsoft's multibillion dollar partnership with OpenAI was formed from panic
Iterative Preference Optimization for Improving Reasoning Tasks in Language Models
I have built an API using TypeScript, Python, and Go, so you don't have to.
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs): A New Era of Interpretability and Accuracy in Deep Learning
Microsoft says it did a lot for responsible AI in inaugural transparency report
[Discussion] Seeking help to find the better GPU setup. Three H100 vs Five A100?
Recapping the AI, Machine Learning and Data Science Meetup   May 2, 2024
Top Open Source Prompt Engineering Guides & Tools
Top Artificial Intelligence (AI) Governance Laws and Frameworks
Evaluating LLM Trustworthiness: Insights from Harmoniticity Analysis Research from VISA Team
Latest Python Features That Every Developer Should Know
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs): A Promising Alternative for Better Accuracy and Interpretability in Deep Learning
Make your resume SEO friendly using JSON Resume with microdata
AI boom in Silicon Valley is going to worsen the housing problem, says CEO of billionaire-backed company trying to build a new city near San Francisco
Japan's PM Fumio Kishida unveils an international voluntary framework for regulation and use of generative AI and says 49 countries and regions have signed up (Associated Press)
Identification of Entailment and Contradiction Relations between Natural Language Sentences: A Neurosymbolic Approach
Topics in the Study of the Pragmatic Functions of Phonetic Reduction in Dialog
Overcoming LLM Challenges using RAG-Driven Precision in Coffee Leaf Disease Remediation
Modeling Caption Diversity in Contrastive Vision-Language Pretraining
MANTIS: Interleaved Multi-Image Instruction Tuning
TartuNLP at EvaLatin 2024: Emotion Polarity Detection
Large Language Models for Human-Robot Interaction: Opportunities and Risks
CreoleVal: Multilingual Multitask Benchmarks for Creoles
'Shark Tank's' Kevin O'Leary says pro-Palestinian student protesters are 'screwed' when they apply for jobs because employers will use AI to identify them and filter them out
UniGen: Universal Domain Generalization for Sentiment Classification via Zero-shot Dataset Generation
On the Reliability of Watermarks for Large Language Models
Language Models As Semantic Indexers
PLAID SHIRTTT for Large-Scale Streaming Dense Retrieval
Unsupervised Flow Discovery from Task-oriented Dialogues
Prompt engineering paradigms for medical applications: scoping review and recommendations for better practices
Boosting Jailbreak Attack with Momentum
DMON: A Simple yet Effective Approach for Argument Structure Learning
Few Shot Class Incremental Learning using Vision-Language models
The Role of Model Architecture and Scale in Predicting Molecular Properties: Insights from Fine-Tuning RoBERTa, BART, and LLaMA
Large language models can accurately predict searcher preferences
Low-resource speech recognition and dialect identification of Irish in a multi-task framework
HANS, are you clever? Clever Hans Effect Analysis of Neural Systems
It Couldn't Help But Overhear: On the Limits of Modelling Meta-Communicative Grounding Acts with Supervised Learning
Context-Aware Clustering using Large Language Models
The Effectiveness of LLMs as Annotators: A Comparative Overview and Empirical Analysis of Direct Representation
On the Learnability of Watermarks for Language Models
Bayesian Optimization with LLM-Based Acquisition Functions for Natural Language Preference Elicitation
StableSSM: Alleviating the Curse of Memory in State-space Models through Stable Reparameterization
Towards Incremental Transformers: An Empirical Analysis of Transformer Models for Incremental NLU
DAM: A Universal Dual Attention Mechanism for Multimodal Timeseries Cryptocurrency Trend Forecasting
CPLLM: Clinical Prediction with Large Language Models
The Power of Question Translation Training in Multilingual Reasoning: Broadened Scope and Deepened Insights
IDM-VTON: The Most Amazing Virtual Try Anything On Application - Windows, Massed Compute, RunPod & Kaggle
Language Fairness in Multilingual Information Retrieval
Prometheus 2: An Open Source Language Model Specialized in Evaluating Other Language Models
V-FLUTE: Visual Figurative Language Understanding with Textual Explanations
UQA: Corpus for Urdu Question Answering
NeMo-Aligner: Scalable Toolkit for Efficient Model Alignment
Efficient Data Generation for Source-grounded Information-seeking Dialogs: A Use Case for Meeting Transcripts
Understanding Social Perception, Interactions, and Safety Aspects of Sidewalk Delivery Robots Using Sentiment Analysis
Controllable Text Generation in the Instruction-Tuning Era
LLaVA Finds Free Lunch: Teaching Human Behavior Improves Content Understanding Abilities Of LLMs
Evaluating Generative Ad Hoc Information Retrieval
LLM Self Defense: By Self Examination, LLMs Know They Are Being Tricked
Iterative Translation Refinement with Large Language Models
On the Evaluation of Machine-Generated Reports
Analyzing the Role of Semantic Representations in the Era of Large Language Models
MiniGPT-3D: Efficiently Aligning 3D Point Clouds with Large Language Models using 2D Priors
D2PO: Discriminator-Guided DPO with Response Evaluation Models
WildChat: 1M ChatGPT Interaction Logs in the Wild
GAIA: A General AI Assistant for Intelligent Accelerator Operations
The IgboAPI Dataset: Empowering Igbo Language Technologies through Multi-dialectal Enrichment
Sparse is Enough in Fine-tuning Pre-trained Large Language Models
Reinforcement Learning for Edit-Based Non-Autoregressive Neural Machine Translation
Verification and Refinement of Natural Language Explanations through LLM-Symbolic Theorem Proving
A Watermark for Large Language Models
Distillation for Multilingual Information Retrieval
Learnable Linguistic Watermarks for Tracing Model Extraction Attacks on Large Language Models
Characterising the Creative Process in Humans and Large Language Models
Silencing the Risk, Not the Whistle: A Semi-automated Text Sanitization Tool for Mitigating the Risk of Whistleblower Re-Identification
FLAME: Factuality-Aware Alignment for Large Language Models
SynthBrainGrow: Synthetic Diffusion Brain Aging for Longitudinal MRI Data Generation in Young People
LocInv: Localization-aware Inversion for Text-Guided Image Editing
Attention-Enhanced Reservoir Computing
OmniDrive: A Holistic LLM-Agent Framework for Autonomous Driving with 3D Perception, Reasoning and Planning
PARASOL: Parametric Style Control for Diffusion Image Synthesis
DA-RAW: Domain Adaptive Object Detection for Real-World Adverse Weather Conditions
Track2Act: Predicting Point Tracks from Internet Videos enables Diverse Zero-shot Robot Manipulation
Misclassification bounds for PAC-Bayesian sparse deep learning
Multi-view Action Recognition via Directed Gromov-Wasserstein Discrepancy
Imagine2touch: Predictive Tactile Sensing for Robotic Manipulation using Efficient Low-Dimensional Signals
HTML popover
6-DoF Grasp Planning using Fast 3D Reconstruction and Grasp Quality CNN
Automotive Object Detection via Learning Sparse Events by Spiking Neurons
Continual Action Assessment via Task-Consistent Score-Discriminative Feature Distribution Modeling
PAM-UNet: Shifting Attention on Region of Interest in Medical Images
NeRF in Robotics: A Survey
Demystifying Heuristic Search Algorithms
Towards Cross-Scale Attention and Surface Supervision for Fractured Bone Segmentation in CT
Uncertainty-aware self-training with expectation maximization basis transformation
Compact 3D Scene Representation via Self-Organizing Gaussian Grids
India Can Build Five GPT-4 Models on Yotta, Says Yotta Chief
Uncertainty Quantification with Deep Ensembles for 6D Object Pose Estimation
Job Search 2.0-Turbo
This AI Paper Introduces Llama-3-8B-Instruct-80K-QLoRA: New Horizons in AI Contextual Understanding
Fingerprint Matching with Localized Deep Representation
Demistifying Inference after Adaptive Experiments
Searching from Area to Point: A Hierarchical Framework for Semantic-Geometric Combined Feature Matching
SATO: Stable Text-to-Motion Framework
One Model to Rule them All: Towards Universal Segmentation for Medical Images with Text Prompts
GroupedMixer: An Entropy Model with Group-wise Token-Mixers for Learned Image Compression
Pyramid Pixel Context Adaption Network for Medical Image Classification with Supervised Contrastive Learning
RaffeSDG: Random Frequency Filtering enabled Single-source Domain Generalization for Medical Image Segmentation
What Are We Optimizing For? A Human-centric Evaluation of Deep Learning-based Movie Recommenders
Part 4: Working with Node.js Modules
Multi-modal Learnable Queries for Image Aesthetics Assessment
Imagine the Unseen: Occluded Pedestrian Detection via Adversarial Feature Completion
How to Supercharge Your Python Classes with Class Methods
Content Bias in Deep Learning Image Age Approximation: A new Approach Towards better Explainability
APLA: Additional Perturbation for Latent Noise with Adversarial Training Enables Consistency
Improving Domain Generalization on Gaze Estimation via Branch-out Auxiliary Regularization
Technical Report on BaumEvA Evolutionary Optimization Python-Library Testing
The active visual sensing methods for robotic welding: review, tutorial and prospect
Correcting Biased Centered Kernel Alignment Measures in Biological and Artificial Neural Networks
Towards Consistent Object Detection via LiDAR-Camera Synergy
CLIP4STR: A Simple Baseline for Scene Text Recognition with Pre-trained Vision-Language Model
StoryDiffusion: Consistent Self-Attention for Long-Range Image and Video Generation
Efficient Data-driven Scene Simulation using Robotic Surgery Videos via Physics-embedded 3D Gaussians
CromSS: Cross-modal pre-training with noisy labels for remote sensing image segmentation
This AI Paper by Reka AI Introduces Vibe-Eval: A Comprehensive Suite for Evaluating AI Multimodal Models
Evaluation of Video-Based rPPG in Challenging Environments: Artifact Mitigation and Network Resilience
A look at four Chinese generative AI startups, Zhipu AI, Moonshot AI, MiniMax and 01.ai, which have been valued between $1.2B and $2.5B in the past three months (Eleanor Olcott/Financial Times)
A Survey on Transferability of Adversarial Examples across Deep Neural Networks
From Probabilistic to Predictive: Methods for Mastering Customer Lifetime Value
ATOM: Attention Mixer for Efficient Dataset Distillation
ADM: Accelerated Diffusion Model via Estimated Priors for Robust Motion Prediction under Uncertainties
Morphing Tokens Draw Strong Masked Image Models
Towards Inclusive Face Recognition Through Synthetic Ethnicity Alteration
Differentially private Bayesian tests
Improving Subject-Driven Image Synthesis with Subject-Agnostic Guidance
Goal-conditioned reinforcement learning for ultrasound navigation guidance
Advancing human-centric AI for robust X-ray analysis through holistic self-supervised learning
Learning linear dynamical systems under convex constraints
Operational Support Estimator Networks
Sparse multi-view hand-object reconstruction for unseen environments
Intriguing Properties of Diffusion Models: An Empirical Study of the Natural Attack Capability in Text-to-Image Generative Models
Latent Fingerprint Matching via Dense Minutia Descriptor
How Scrappy Cryptominer CoreWeave Transformed Into the Multibillion-Dollar Backbone of the AI Boom
How scholars armed with cutting-edge technology are unfurling secrets of ancient scrolls
Big AIs in Small Devices
The Key To America's AI Supremacy: Harnessing Global Talent
Engadget Podcast: Kill the Rabbit (R1)
Inside TC's Techstars investigation and how AI is accelerating disability tech
Oracle Launches Database 23ai, Brings AI Power to Enterprise Data
Probe3D: Study examines how well AI models understand the third dimension
Refined AI approach improves noninvasive brain-computer interface performance
Startups Go to Hollywood: AI Movies Aren't Just a Gimmick Anymore
Agiloft launches new GenAI Prompt Lab  capabilities
Nvidia integrates NIM platform with AWS to accelerate drug discovery
Confluent Unveils New Capabilities to Apache Flink Offering
Automating Network Configuration with Python
REVOLUTIONIZING DRAG-AND-DROP PYTHON GUI BUILDING
Mastering Dataset Acquisition: A Comprehensive Guide
New Relic and Atlassian Deliver the First Observability Integration for Incidents Tab in Jira
Leveraging Big Data for Enhanced Cybersecurity Solutions
15+ Artificial Intelligence AI Tools For Developers (2024)
Software Engineering Jobs are Dying
Variables in Unifie
GPT-4 is the Dumbest Model You'll Ever Use
[R] A Primer on the Inner Workings of Transformer-based Language Models
Self-Instruct Framework, Explained
Researchers at Stanford Explore the Potential of Mid-Sized Language Models for Clinical QA (Question-Answering) Tasks
Apple CEO Optimistic About Future Generative AI Investments
Build your own AI ChatBot on your machine
Why Google Gemma is Better than Meta's Llama 3 for Indic LLMs
[D] Fine-tune Phi-3 model for domain specific data - seeking advice and insights
Generative AI to Boost Productivity, Skill Creation, Report
Reducing the Size of Docker Images Serving LLM Models
Meta's New Data Analyst Professional Certification Has Dropped!
Microsoft Eats into Amazon's Cloud Market Share
5 Simple Steps to Automate Data Cleaning with Python
Microsoft Invests $2.2B to Bring AI, Cloud Technologies to Malaysia
Tesla Stock's Towering AI Valuation Is Detached From Reality
Some scientists can't stop using AI to write research papers
AI In Finance: Redefining Investment And Risk Analysis
Stock photographers prepare for AI disruption, as stock photo companies say traditional photography still has a market but work on building their own AI tools (Katie Deighton/Wall Street Journal)
Top ChatGPT Courses in 2024
Top 3 methods to filter a list in Python
DataLike: Interview with Motunrayo Kilanko
Interpres Security unveils significant platform updates
A committee of UK legislators says the government's reticence to address alleged copyright theft is a  de facto endorsement  of the way tech firms build LLMs (Lindsay Clark/The Register)
Data Visualization: turning Big Data into actionable insights
Avoiding the Pitfalls and Embracing the Opportunities of GenAI Adoption
The next iPhone will probably feature AI &mdash; but Tim Cook still keeps us guessing
Most Read This Week: Drake's AI-Generated Drake Track
Twitter thinks they killed MLPs. But what are Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks?
How RAG Architecture Overcomes LLM Limitations
Rabbit, Humane, and the iPad
AniPortrait: Audio-Driven Synthesis of Photorealistic Portrait Animation
Andrew Gordon, Senior Research Consultant, Prolific   Interview Series
The future of robot swarms is... Snails? How mollusk-inspired bots could tackle tough jobs
The Power of Self-Managed Content
Did an OpenAI Outage Briefly Break Every Rabbit R1?
Why Big Tech Layoffs are Good News for India
Building a One Person $1 Bn Company is Now Possible
Pushing the boundaries: England Women using AI to help with team selection
Extracting Information from Natural Language Using Generative AI
Integrate Copilot feature into your React applications using CopilotKit
Deploying Your Models (Cheap and Dirty Way) Using Binder
What makes a good or bad product manager?
Large Language Model Operations (LLMops) on AWS
Meta's Llama3 AI: ChatGPT Intelligence. For Free!
Making Prompts Work Better for You
New Discovery: Retrieval Heads for Long Context
780: How to Become a Data Scientist   with Dr. Adam Ross Nelson
Semiconductors: Key to India's Global Dominance? | Story kya hai | EP 09
DeepMind's TacticAI: an AI assistant for football tactics | Petar Velikovi
Why the future must be BYO AI: Model lock-in deters users and stifles innovation
Google DeepMind Introduces Med-Gemini: A Groundbreaking Family of AI Models Revolutionizing Medical Diagnosis and Clinical Reasoning
Doosan Robotics to unveil New, Best-in-Class Cobot at Automate 2024
Visual Language Models on NVIDIA Hardware with VILA
AI-Powered News Summaries for Slack
Get Underlined Text from Any PDF with Python
Stretchable e-skin could give robots human-level touch sensitivity
Ines Montani at QCon London: Economies of Scale Can't Monopolise the AI Revolution
Chuck Ros, SoftServe: Delivering transformative AI solutions responsibly
Rabbit R1 review: A $199 AI toy that fails at almost everything
Apple hints at major AI reveal, softens stance on EU dev fee after $23.6 billion quarterly profit
Install aws cli in ubuntu
Zenity now secures the enterprise use of Copilot for Microsoft 365
[R] HGRN2: Gated Linear RNNs with State Expansion
How Are APAC Tech Salaries Faring in 2024?
A Look Into 5 Use Cases for Vector Search from Major Tech Companies
Meta's Future in AI, Microsoft's Expansion in Asia, an AI-Powered Asteroid Detector, and More AI.
Google DeepMind at ICLR 2024
Visual Language Intelligence and Edge AI 2.0
Quest Diagnostics to acquire PathAI Diagnostics
Learn SwiftUI (Day 19/100)
How Y Combinator's founder-matching service helped medical records AI startup Hona land $3M
The Threat of Offensive AI and How to Protect From It
Introduction to Web Scraping with BeautifulSoup
AI engineers report burnout, rushed rollouts as 'rat race' to stay competitive hits tech industry
RobotShop launches Innovative Robotics Integration Program
What is Mixture of Experts and How Can They Boost LLMs?
Best Resources to Learn & Understand Evaluating LLMs
5 Gemini features I hope Google announces at I/O 2024
[Week of 4/29] LangChain Release Notes
SQLServer service status monitoring on Windows with Prometheu.
Put my foot down and refused to go ahead with what would amount to almost 8 hours of interviews for a senior data scientist position.
Meta Spends $30 Billion on a Million NVIDIA GPUs to Train its AI Models
Cyclical Encoding: An Alternative to One-Hot Encoding for Time Series Features
[N] AI engineers report burnout and rushed rollouts as 'rat race' to stay competitive hits tech industry
Clean Data, Trusted Model: Ensure Good Data Hygiene for Your LLMs
Modeling Slowly Changing Dimensions
Machine Learning Models: Linear Regression
Courage to Learn ML: Tackling Vanishing and Exploding Gradients (Part 2)
How Andela Built Its AI-Based Platform Without an LLM
Allozymes puts its accelerated enzymatics to work on a data and AI play, raising $15M
Demystifying Shiny Modules by Transforming a Bigfoot Sightings App Modular
Cloud revenue accelerates 21% to $76 billion for the latest earnings cycle
Microsoft says it released 30 responsible AI tools in the past year
Quoting Daniel Zingaro
Introduction to Web Scraping with Python
Analyzing MRI Scans With AI (Tensorflow) Is Easier Than You Think
Sources: Fei-Fei Li raised a seed round for a  spatial intelligence  startup using human-like visual data processing to create AI capable of advanced reasoning (Reuters)
OpenAI introduces personal data removal form as ChatGPT faces criticism over false information
Turn Llama 3 into an Embedding Model with LLM2Vec
Democratizing Innovation: How Low-Code Platforms Are Leading the Charge in Digital Transformation
What's New for Copilot AI in Visual Studio Code Update
Three things we learned about Apple's AI plans from its earnings
Explainer: What Is a Vector Database?
Elon Musk's X to Summarize News Events Using Grok AI
Code faster with generative AI, but beware the risks when you do
Ukraine unveils AI-generated foreign ministry spokesperson
More details emerge about Apple's plans for AI in iOS 18
Elon Musk wants to use AI to summarize the news on Twitter and ... it's not a terrible idea?
Deep Dive into LlaMA 3 by Hand
Creating bespoke programming languages for efficient visual AI systems
Anyword Review: Is It the Right AI Writing Tool For You?
Luminar, maker of lidar for autonomous driving, lays off 20 percent of its workforce
On handling precalculated hierarchical data in Power BI
Which NLP-master programs in Europe are more cs-leaning?
Unleash ollama potential w. data and LLM capabilities
AI in space: Karpathy suggests AI chatbots as interstellar messengers to alien civilizations
The Semi-Autonomous Agents of Amazon Q
Image Effects With HTML Canvas
What's the DS job market like for people who have a decent amount of experience?
How to Detect AI Hallucinations
HPI-MIT design research collaboration creates powerful teams
X launches Stories, delivering news summarized by Grok AI
Musk raises $6B for AI startup. Also, is TikTok dodging Apple's commissions?
LinkedIn Implements New Data Trigger Solution to Reduce Resource Usage For Data Lakes
AI Finds Nearly 30,000 Unknown Asteroids in Existing Telescope Photos
Python Day 10 - Meme Magic  : Building a Custom Meme Generator with Python
Running SQL on your Excel Files From Your Laptop with Dremio
10 Key Takeaways From Sam Altman's Talk at Stanford
Newsletter #34: AssemblyAI API Reference & Latest Tutorials
X is using Grok to publish AI-generated news summaries
A Survey of RAG and RAU: Advancing Natural Language Processing with Retrieval-Augmented Language Models
Tech layoffs cross 70,000 in April 2024: Google, Apple, Intel, Amazon, and these companies cut hundreds of jobs
I made a whooping 1.60$ from my books-for-indies app and... it's totally fine.
Security news weekly round-up - 3rd May 2024
CSET: global AI research more than doubled between 2017 and 2022; Chinese Academy of Sciences was the top producer of highly cited AI papers, followed by Google (Alison Snyder/Axios)
Unofficial ChatGPT API with simple agent-based
A Novel AI Approach to Enhance Language Models: Multi-Token Prediction
[D] How to train a text detection model that will detect it's orientation (rotation) ranging from +180 to -180 degrees.
Create an A.I. Driven Product with Computer Vision and ChatGPT
[D] software to design figures
How much did your grad program help you get a job?
Microsoft needs some time to 'refine' updates for Copilot AI in Windows
Working in Open Source - Probabl.ai and sklearn - Vincent Warmerdam
Saudi Arabia's Health-Tech Sector Braces for AI Revolution
RUMOR: Is ChatGPT About to Launch Search?
New AI Model Predicts Snow and Water Availability in Western US
How To Make AI Caricatures Easily!
Microsoft reveals criteria for AI PCs with 45 TOPS processing power
AI News: Mysterious AI Shocked Everyone (Then Vanished)
Biden Administration To Hire 500 AI Experts by 2025 for Federal Government Strength
Piping (in R) vs Method Chaining (in Python)
Free Data vs Angry MKBHD - Consent with #ai
AI Implementation Leads to Changes in Hiring Needs and Skill Requirements
AI-powered fighter jet kept up with a human pilot during the Air Force's historic experimental dogfight
10 Wild Use Cases for Llama-3
LangChain: LLMs with Models, Prompts, Parsers
How the AI-generated music video for Washed Out's The Hardest Part was created entirely using OpenAI's Sora, a first from a major record label (Wendy Lee/Los Angeles Times)
Bias and Variance Tradeoff
Nexa AI Introduces Octopus v4: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Approach that Employs Functional Tokens to Integrate Multiple Open-Source Models
Ola founder Bhavish Aggarwal's Krutrim launches an Android app for its eponymous AI chatbot as the startup prepares to launch its developer offerings on May 4 (Vikas SN/Moneycontrol)
Python: A SQLAlchemy Wrapper Component That Works With Both Flask and FastAPI Frameworks
5 HTML Tags & Attributes                 SEO
Why and When to Use the Generalized Method of Moments
Meta's Ray-Ban smart glasses are a simple, reliable, and smartly priced AI gadget, whereas Humane's AI Pin and the Rabbit R1 are more akin to science projects (Joanna Stern/Wall Street Journal)
Implementing 3D Graphics in React
Ukraine unveils an AI-generated foreign ministry spokesperson called Victoria Shi, who will make official statements  written and verified by real people  (Agence France-Presse)
Hyve Solutions Named Design Partner for NVIDIA HGX Product Line
[D] is any traditional industry employee here can share if they are using gen ai at work?
Researchers at Stanford Introduce SUQL: A Formal Query Language for Integrating Structured and Unstructured Data
[R] DDPM for Timeseries Generation
[P] [D] Examples of client projects that you have delivered
SAP Has Over 1300 Customers in India
MIT Researchers Propose Finch: A New Programming Language that Supports both Flexible Control Flow and Diverse Data Structures
Microsoft buys cloud growth in Southeast Asia for nearly $4 billion
How one company's employees use Microsoft Copilot to avoid the worst part of meetings
Towards Fairer AI: Strategies for Instance-Wise Unlearning Without Retraining
Ola Krutrim Takes On Microsoft Azure and AWS, Launches AI Cloud Platform
[P] Open Source / Projects Based Machine Learning Community?
A New Surveillance Tool Invades Border Towns
Developed Python CLI to easily download Dutch point cloud data
PyTorch Researchers Introduce an Optimized Triton FP8 GEMM (General Matrix-Matrix Multiply) Kernel TK-GEMM that Leverages SplitK Parallelization
X's latest AI news is both ambitious and a recipe for chaos
What are Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)? The Art of Computer Vision For Beginners
Danger and opportunity for news industry as AI woos it for vital human-written copy
Dev News: Google Dev Layoffs, Flow Updates, Jira AI Assistant
My Microsoft Generative AI Journey
[D] The  it  in AI models is really just the dataset?
Defense lawyers question the accuracy and reliability of Cybercheck, an AI tool used in thousands of US cases to identify suspects' locations and other details (Tim Stelloh/NBC News)
Q&A with Nick Bostrom on his book Deep Utopia: Life and Meaning in a Solved World, which considers a future in which AI solves all of humanity's problems (Will Knight/Wired)
AI specialists frustrated with intense market pressure and  AI hype
A look at AI companies gathering data from real people to create  digital twins , to use as fashion models, focus group members, or clinical trial participants (Isabelle Bousquette/Wall Street Journal)
The Vibe I get from the KAN paper
AI Engineers Say They're Burning Out as Bosses Whiplash From One Desperate Idea to Another
A look at news publishers' conflicting approaches toward AI companies, and how the lack of a data marketplace makes it hard for buyers and sellers to set rates (Sara Fischer/Axios)
Passos que usei para definir uma ferramenta para um portal do desenvolvedor com ChatGPT, engenharia de prompt
How does pose estimation with collision detection work? (ex: shaking hands, punching in the face, counting footsteps)
The Best 1440p Gaming Monitors: 1H 2024
In Latest Sign of Dot Com Style Bubble, Startup  Hires  Goofy AI Version of Alan Turing
AI enthusiasm #10 - Summarize PDFs with AI
SQL Schema Generation With Large Language Models
Ashley Madison Is Still Around, a Powerful Chatbot Disappeared, Elon Musk Lays Off More Workers and More
This Week in AI: Generative AI and the problem of compensating creators
A look at Runway's second International AI Film Festival, which it says grew from 300 short-video submissions in 2023 to 3,000 in 2024 with 10 finalists chosen (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
Arm Brings Transformers to IoT Devices
Coin Collector
How to Play Flappy Bird in ChatGPT: A Prompt Engineering Challenge
The Rabbit R1 Flops, Nokia Gets Back to Basics, and More
Unveiling the Future: Mastering Stock Market Prediction with PMDARIMA
Dissolving map boundaries in QGIS and Python
Choosing the Right CSS Approach: Tailwind CSS vs Bootstrap vs Vanilla CSS
[R] An Analysis of Linear Time Series Forecasting Models
Figma's journey to TypeScript: Compiling away our custom programming language
Why RAG won't solve generative AI's hallucination problem
The teens making friends with AI chatbots
Basic Sorting Algorithms
New AI Frontend Tool Released This Week
Conquering the Container: A Guide to Dockerizing Your Angular and Flask App
Python data types
[D] How reliable is RAG currently?
DARPA is testing this autonomous tank with glowing  eyes
SaaS-based Engineering Tool Onboarding with AI Assistance
AI Hallucinations: A Future Full of Misconceptions and Mediocre Code.
OpenAI prepares its AI safety infrastructure for  advanced AI
[D] Analysis of Time To First Token (TTFT) of LLMs (10B-34B)
Enhance Your Network with the Power of a Graph DB
What's the deal with minimum 3 YOE on most of job postings?
Samsung taps AI to design first 3nm mobile processor with Synopsys
This AI Paper by Scale AI Introduces GSM1k for Measuring Reasoning Accuracy in Large Language Models LLMs
This guy made a plant pot who tells him what his plant needs, using AI
Women in AI: Tara Chklovski is teaching the next generation of AI innovators
Meet Multilogin: The Anti-Detect Browser for Web Scraping and Multi-Accounting
Experts hope AI tool can cut use of restraints and seclusion on NDIS participants
A Multi-Agent game where LLMs must trick each other as humans until one gets caught [P]
Back to Square One
Easy to install Python -> Mac | Fix $PATH
Some teen users of Character.AI's chatbots say they find the AI companions helpful, entertaining, and supportive but worry they may be addicted to the chatbots (Jessica Lucas/The Verge)
Mind Meets Machine: The Evolution of AI through Cognitive Psychology
Factuality-Aware Alignment (FLAME): Enhancing Large Language Models for Reliable and Accurate Responses
Human composting and timber marketplaces: talking  industrial  VC with investor Dayna Grayson
How to create  Code Resume using index.html from Git-Bash to Git-Hub
Configure Renovate to handle nuspec files
[N] New Challenges in DIAMBRA Arena: 3 epic additions to our lineup of RL environments!
OpenAI's Sora AI shapes Washed Out's newest music video
Sam Altman wants to make AI like a 'super-competent colleague that knows absolutely everything' about your life
US Air Force plans a fleet of 1,000+ AI-controlled jets, the first of them operating by 2028; some AI versions already beat human pilots in air-to-air combat (Tara Copp/Associated Press)
How Does KAN  (Kolmogorov Arnold Networks) Act As A Better Substitute For Multi-Layer Perceptrons (MLPs)?
Impact of different tool use on future job prospects
Google lays off workers, Tesla cans its Supercharger team and UnitedHealthcare reveals security lapses
Semantic Chunking for RAG
Why Longer Context Isn't Enough
Marrying R and Python
How To Install Any LLM Locally! Open WebUI (Ollama) - SUPER EASY!
CrewAI with Open LLM (Llama 3) using Groq API: AI Agents for Data Analysis with Custom Tools
RAG        ? AI hallucination ka solution? | RAG Explained | Analytics India Guru
Why is there an output token limit for GPt-4 (and other LLMs)?
Introducing the Open Leaderboard for Hebrew LLMs!
Reproducing and adapting the UN Population Projections by @ellis2013nz
AI More Likely to Replace Your Toxic Manager than Workers
Moving to eBay as a Data Science Analyst?
OpenUI - One prompt UI Generation
Researchers at NVIDIA AI Introduce 'VILA': A Vision Language Model that can Reason Among Multiple Images, Learn in Context, and Even Understand Videos
Some researchers are training AI models on headcam footage from infants and toddlers, to better understand language acquisition by both AI and children (Oliver Whang/New York Times)
Spring Boot - Redis
Snowflake Jumps into Generative AI with a New LLM
CIPHER: An Effective Retrieval-based AI Algorithm that Infers User Preference by Querying the LLMs
[P] [D] Is inference time the important performance metric for ML Models on edge/mobile?
translation is not localization
One-Minute Daily AI News 5/5/2024
Guides to the Web Performance - HTML + CSS - For Beginners
How are large network attack datasets made? [p]
As CS students experiment with AI coding tools, professors say courses need to focus less on syntax and more on problem solving, design, testing, and debugging (Rina Diane Caballar/IEEE Spectrum)
Researchers at Kassel University Introduce a Machine Learning Approach Presenting Specific Target Topologies (Tts) as Actions
A profile of ElevenLabs, whose founders seem unprepared for how its impressive AI voice cloning tech can change the internet and unleash political chaos (Charlie Warzel/The Atlantic)
I'm Worried About Generative AI
Construyendo un asistente genAI de WhatsApp con Amazon Bedrock y Claude 3
Evaluate RAGs Rigorously or Perish
Prometheus 2: An Open Source Language Model that Closely Mirrors Human and GPT-4 Judgements in Evaluating Other Language Models
I'm not interested in reality : AI artist Refik Anadol on creative coding, hallucinations, and the future of art
The Wine Glass Model : GenAI Application Ecosystem
Transcribe 1-hour videos in 20 SECONDS with Distil Whisper + Hqq(1bit)!
Construyendo un asistente genAI de WhatsApp con Amazon Bedrock
What precisely is semantic HTML and why is it needed
[D] Any-dimensional equivariant neural networks
How Worried About AI Should Professionals Be?
How Javascript makes web pages more interactive
Harnessing Hundreds of GPU Power: NVIDIA's NeMo-Aligner Unleashes Potential for Large Model Alignment
The Rise of AI-Powered Development Tools: Revolutionizing How We Code
Why Data Science May Not Be For You
In bundle adjustment tasks, how are the weights for reprojection errors and GCPs set?
The AI boom reminds this expert of the dot-com bubble &mdash; with one dangerous difference
optim Function in R
How role-playing with an AI chatbot can help prepare for difficult conversations with family, friends, and colleagues, such as for terminating an employee (Wall Street Journal)
Me and ai on a Sunday morning
Med-Gemini and Meditron: Google and Meta present new LLMs for medicine
What You Need to Know about Modern CSS (Spring 2024 Edition)
Leveling Up: From HTML Lists to CSS Counters
Maybe Two Big Research Breakthroughs or Maybe Nothing
[D] Where does the real value of a data scientist come from?
R Shiny Highcharts   How to Create Interactive and Animated Shiny Dashboards
Understanding The Attention Mechanism In Transformers: A 5-minute visual guide.
Self-Driving Trucks Claim Climate Benefits
How To Reverse A Linked List Recursively In Python
Dynamically Generating Images from HTML/CSS Templates with Custom Data
Better Siri is coming: what Apple's research says about its AI plans
[D] [R] Are there any methods/works that enable extracting high-quality dense feature map from CLIP/OpenCLIP image encoders without large scale finetuning?
There's a messy battle over AI going on in DC &mdash; and there's no end in sight
Autonomous Weapons have reached the  Oppenheimer Moment ..
Google cracks down on nude deepfakes, no more ads for AI porn generators
FAMO: A Fast Optimization Method for Multitask Learning (MTL) that Mitigates the Conflicting Gradients using O(1) Space and Time
Github Sponsor Sebastin Ramrez Python programmer
Building a Mood Analyzer App with Lyzr Automata
Apple's New iPad Pro Turns Device Into True Laptop Replacement
[D] NVIDIA GPU Benchmarks & Comparison
AGI could end humanity in more subtle ways than turning us into paperclips
Top Courses for Machine Learning with Python
Visualize Autonomous Driving Dataset
[R] A Careful Examination of Large Language Model Performance on Grade School Arithmetic
Researchers at the University of Waterloo Introduce Orchid: Revolutionizing Deep Learning with Data-Dependent Convolutions for Scalable Sequence Modeling
i don't care, i love it
How Nvidia is dominating an AI-obsessed earnings season without even reporting yet
Open-source model Prometheus 2 can evaluate other language models nearly as well as GPT-4
PE teacher allegedly used AI voice clone to bully principal out of office
Siri has become Apple's Bing. It's time for an AI-inspired change
What Are HTML Meta Tags And What Is Their Importance?
Alternative clouds are booming as companies seek cheaper access to GPUs
How Kubernetes is Revolutionizing the AI World: Managing Workloads with Ease
Found this on Linkedin, Is this legit or some elaborate scam/data farming I'm unaware of?
Deciphering Transformer Language Models: Advances in Interpretability Research
IPhone Maker Hon Hai's April Sales Rise 19% in Positive Signal
[D] Is there a more systematic way of choosing the layers or how deep the architecture goes when creating a neural network?
Transforming AI Concepts into Marketable Realities
Learn and get certificate with Microsoft Learn
Women in AI: Catherine Breslin helps companies develop AI strategies
Just talked to some MDs about data science interviews and they were horrified.
5 Tips to prepare for a coding interview.
Prompt Like a Data Scientist: Auto Prompt Optimization and Testing with DSPy
The Document Object Model
U.S. tech dominates generative AI boom and cost of model training explains why
Transformers: From NLP to Computer Vision
Expressive AI Avatars by Synthesia
Enhancing Software Development with Generative AI: Beyond the Hype
Use own face with apps like copilot
A 10-Minute Template to Build an AI Assistant on HuggingFace
Unlocking the Power of Python: Why It's Your Ultimate Programming Partner
Simplify PDF Generation in Node.js with html-to-pdf-pup
Jack Dorsey says he's no longer on the Bluesky board
Hyundai antes up $1B for AV startup Motional and Elon unplugs the Tesla Supercharger team
How many companies out there are truly experimentation focused like Netflix?
LLaMA-3 70B can perform much better in logical reasoning with a task-specific system prompt
Expectations & Realities of a Student Data Scientist
How to Build a Logistic Regression Model: A Spam-filter Tutorial
Perceptron Visualization
LWiAI Podcast #165 - Sora challenger, Astribot's S1, Med-Gemini, Refusal in LLMs
Instruction Tuning GPT2 on Alpaca Dataset
Understanding the DOM: A short guide to web pages structure
I've made game engine (I think)
Bitcoin Sentiment Analysis using Python and X (Formerly Twitter)
[Research] Understanding The Attention Mechanism In Transformers: A 5-minute visual guide.
CMU Researchers Propose a Distributed Data Scoping Method: Revealing the Incompatibility between the Deep Learning Architecture and the Generic Transport PDEs
Zero Shot Text Classification Under the hood
Informacin de Stack Overflow
Over 40K Audible books are marked as having been made with an AI  virtual voice , saving authors hundreds or thousands of dollars per title on narration costs (Ashley Carman/Bloomberg)
Networking easier to get a job?
Plotting Golf Courses in R with Google Earth
A machine learning engineer shares the rsum template that got him his first job and his senior role at Google
Looking for someone who has completed creating their own investing AI
An Overview of Three Prominent Systems for Graph Neural Network-based Motion Planning
Lunar Crater Detection: Computer Vision in Space
Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn
Creating a practice test builder with OctoAI Json mode
Randy Travis gets his voice back in a new Warner AI music experiment
Ola Krutrim's Chief Bhavish Aggarwal Doesn't Want 'Pronoun Illness' to Reach India
Java News Roundup: OpenJDK JEPs, Spring Projects, Quarkus, Hibernate, JHipster, JReleaser
How Large Language Models play video games [D]
On Premise Face Recognition SDK and Liveness Detection SDK by FacePlugin
Making AI Art Out of Thirst Trap DMs
Investigating Wit, Creativity, and Detectability of Large Language Models in Domain-Specific Writing Style Adaptation of Reddit's Showerthoughts
Can language models learn analogical reasoning? Investigating training objectives and comparisons to human performance
TOPICAL: TOPIC Pages AutomagicaLly
Simplifying Multimodality: Unimodal Approach to Multimodal Challenges in Radiology with General-Domain Large Language Model
GPT-4 passes most of the 297 written Polish Board Certification Examinations
Semi-Parametric Retrieval via Binary Token Index
The Psychosocial Impacts of Generative AI Harms
SGHateCheck: Functional Tests for Detecting Hate Speech in Low-Resource Languages of Singapore
Improving Disease Detection from Social Media Text via Self-Augmentation and Contrastive Learning
[Project] An LLM-Powered Web App for SEC Filing Insights
Unsupervised Learning of Phylogenetic Trees via Split-Weight Embedding
Evaluating Large Language Models for Structured Science Summarization in the Open Research Knowledge Graph
Continual Diffusion with STAMINA: STack-And-Mask INcremental Adapters
EEG2TEXT: Open Vocabulary EEG-to-Text Decoding with EEG Pre-Training and Multi-View Transformer
A Full Adagrad algorithm with O(Nd) operations
Understanding Position Bias Effects on Fairness in Social Multi-Document Summarization
CRCL at SemEval-2024 Task 2: Simple prompt optimizations
Semantically Aligned Question and Code Generation for Automated Insight Generation
Predibase Researchers Present a Technical Report of 310 Fine-tuned LLMs that Rival GPT-4
MetaMath: Bootstrap Your Own Mathematical Questions for Large Language Models
Large Language Models are Inconsistent and Biased Evaluators
Single and Multi-Hop Question-Answering Datasets for Reticular Chemistry with GPT-4-Turbo
Decolonial AI Alignment: Openness, Vi\\'{s}e\\d{s}a-Dharma, and Including Excluded Knowledges
Argumentative Large Language Models for Explainable and Contestable Decision-Making
SUKHSANDESH: An Avatar Therapeutic Question Answering Platform for Sexual Education in Rural India
MRI Scan Synthesis Methods based on Clustering and Pix2Pix
REASONS: A benchmark for REtrieval and Automated citationS Of scieNtific Sentences using Public and Proprietary LLMs
Analyzing Narrative Processing in Large Language Models (LLMs): Using GPT4 to test BERT
MedReadMe: A Systematic Study for Fine-grained Sentence Readability in Medical Domain
Visual Environment Assessment for Safe Autonomous Quadrotor Landing
Large Language Model Agent for Fake News Detection
Aloe: A Family of Fine-tuned Open Healthcare LLMs
AdaRefiner: Refining Decisions of Language Models with Adaptive Feedback
Layers of technology in pluriversal design. Decolonising language technology with the LiveLanguage initiative
CoS: Enhancing Personalization and Mitigating Bias with Context Steering
Software Mention Recognition with a Three-Stage Framework Based on BERTology Models at SOMD 2024
Assessing and Verifying Task Utility in LLM-Powered Applications
Adaptive deep learning for nonlinear time series models
A Survey on Large Language Models for Critical Societal Domains: Finance, Healthcare, and Law
101 Billion Arabic Words Dataset
Large Multimodal Model based Standardisation of Pathology Reports with Confidence and their Prognostic Significance
JPEG Quantized Coefficient Recovery via DCT Domain Spatial-Frequential Transformer
Towards Unbiased Evaluation of Detecting Unanswerable Questions in EHRSQL
BTR: Binary Token Representations for Efficient Retrieval Augmented Language Models
Question Suggestion for Conversational Shopping Assistants Using Product Metadata
Text and Audio Simplification: Human vs. ChatGPT
PSentScore: Evaluating Sentiment Polarity in Dialogue Summarization
Improving Complex Reasoning over Knowledge Graph with Logic-Aware Curriculum Tuning
Exploiting ChatGPT for Diagnosing Autism-Associated Language Disorders and Identifying Distinct Features
Transfer Learning and Transformer Architecture for Financial Sentiment Analysis
Leveraging Prompt-Learning for Structured Information Extraction from Crohn's Disease Radiology Reports in a Low-Resource Language
Automating the Analysis of Public Saliency and Attitudes towards Biodiversity from Digital Media
Stateful Conformer with Cache-based Inference for Streaming Automatic Speech Recognition
Generative AI on AWS with Amazon Bedrock
Exploring Combinatorial Problem Solving with Large Language Models: A Case Study on the Travelling Salesman Problem Using GPT-3.5 Turbo
Tabular Embedding Model (TEM): Finetuning Embedding Models For Tabular RAG Applications
The Trade-off between Performance, Efficiency, and Fairness in Adapter Modules for Text Classification
Unveiling the Potential of LLM-Based ASR on Chinese Open-Source Datasets
The Mercurial Top-Level Ontology of Large Language Models
Automatically Extracting Numerical Results from Randomized Controlled Trials with Large Language Models
Optimising Calls to Large Language Models with Uncertainty-Based Two-Tier Selection
Towards Unconstrained Audio Splicing Detection and Localization with Neural Networks
If AI Wrecks Democracy, We May Never Know
SoftMCL: Soft Momentum Contrastive Learning for Fine-grained Sentiment-aware Pre-training
Beyond Single-Event Extraction: Towards Efficient Document-Level Multi-Event Argument Extraction
A quantitative and typological study of Early Slavic participle clauses and their competition
OARelatedWork: A Large-Scale Dataset of Related Work Sections with Full-texts from Open Access Sources
Incorporating External Knowledge and Goal Guidance for LLM-based Conversational Recommender Systems
LangProp: A code optimization framework using Large Language Models applied to driving
1-Diffractor: Efficient and Utility-Preserving Text Obfuscation Leveraging Word-Level Metric Differential Privacy
AI Startups Are Suddenly In Huge Trouble
Document your Software project with AI
HCLTech and AWS Partner to Help Enterprises Explore Gen AI Use Cases, PoC, and Solutions
Researchers at Purdue University Propose GTX: A Transactional Graph Data System for HTAP Workloads
Meet the Indian AI Startup Building a Private Perplexity for Enterprise
Announcing Galileo Protect: Real-Time Hallucination Firewall*
Healing With Algorithms: The Role Of AI In Healthcare
MACSO's Breakthrough: Tripling Experiment Speed and Streamlining AI Development for Edge Devices
Part 1: Getting Started with Django - An Introduction
GM-Backed Self-Driving Firm Momenta Said to File for IPO in US
AI Explained:  If GPT-4 can train a robot dog better than we can to balance on a rolling yoga ball, what's next? And if it's a 2022-era model, GPT-4, that is doing the teaching, what does that say about the learning rates of robots taught by even 202
Massive prompts can outperform fine-tuning for LLMs, researchers find
SSD Pricing Update, Q2 2024: A Rising Trend for Storage
The Morning After: The verdict on the Rabbit R1
Leveraging Brython for Web Development
A Comprehensive Guide to Essential Tools for Data Analysts
CSS Introduction
In the world's first autonomous racing championship, AI racers completed their eight-lap race in one hour
5 Ways AI Could Be Putting Your Business Under Threat
Nvidia Is Missing Link in a Strong Season of AI Earnings Reports
Sources: Chinese self-driving startup Beijing Momenta Technology confidentially filed for an IPO in the US and could raise $200M to $300M as early as in 2024 (Pei Li/Bloomberg)
[D] Why Gemma has such crazy big MLP hidden dim size?
Elon Musk's AI-powered 'Stories'
AI Doesn't Threaten Humanity. Its Owners Do
[D] Kolmogorov-Arnold Network is just an MLP
Warren Buffett compares AI dangers to nuclear weapons, again, says tech will be great for scammers
JSON {} With OpenAI
Amazon's Generative AI Assistant Q
Fulcrum Digital's Ryze Knocks-Down Barriers to GenAI Adoption for SMBs
GitHub Copilot Workspace Makes Devin Sweat
Quora CEO Adam D'Angelo talks about AI, chatbot platform Poe, and why OpenAI is not a competitor
Indian politicians are bringing the dead on the campaign trail, with help from AI
[P] LeRobot: Hugging Face's library for real-world robotics
7 Leading Data Science and AI Institutes in India
LangChain Memory Management
Top AI Tools for Fashion Designers in 2024
Top 7 Text-to-Image Generative AI Models
NVIDIA AI Open-Sources 'NeMo-Aligner': Transforming Large Language Model Alignment with Efficient Reinforcement Learning
Which are the most 'data-driven' VCs in Europe?
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate
I launched my real-time AI-powered meeting & interview copilot
The Relevance of RAG in the Era of Long-Context LLMs
Why NVIDIA GPUs are Still Not Available in India
Tessolve's New SMARC Module Powers AI in Robotics and Transportation
Text to 3D Avatar Animation: A New Era in Virtual Character Creation
Difference between Data Analysts, Data Scientists, and Data Engineers
Has Windows 11 really lost marketshare to Windows 10?
How to Optimize Hyperparameter Search Using Bayesian Optimization and Optuna
How to Build a RAG Chatbot with AgentCloud and MongoDB
Paris-based Stonal, which offers a data management platform for real estate owners and investors in Europe and launched StonalGPT earlier in 2024, raised &euro;100M (Cate Lawrence/Tech.eu)
How to set up .env files in Django
A Guide To Web Accessibility Best Practices
NASGraph: A Novel Graph-based Machine Learning Method for NAS Featuring Lightweight (CPU-only) Computation and is Data-Agnostic and Training-Free
MongoDB and Google Cloud Collaborate to Optimise Gemini Code Assist for Developers
Is Sarvam AI the OpenAI of India?
The US Is Cracking Down on Synthetic DNA
Andrew Ng, Comet Partner for New Course on Prompt Engineering for Vision Models
'Everybody is vulnerable': Fake US school audio stokes AI alarm
Maximizing the Use of EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint with CDK
40,000 AI-narrated audiobooks flood Audible, dividing authors and listeners
7 reasons why you should start learning Python if you haven't already
Doctor Who's Latest Era Is a Burst of Regenerative Energy
Train your LLMs to choose between RAG and internal memory automatically
Knowledge Series #34: Vector databases - a simple guide
Hugging Face launches LeRobot, an open-source robotics code library, after hiring former Tesla scientist Remi Cadene to lead its open-source robotics project (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Humanity faces two existential crises   the climate crisis and AI. Can one help solve the other?
Exploring LLM Strategies: A Journey through Prompt Engineering, Functional Calling, RAG, and.
AI raises cybersecurity fears among professionals, EY report finds
YouTube rolls out Jump Ahead, which uses AI to let users jump to parts of a video where most viewers skip ahead, to all US Premium members using its Android app (Adamya Sharma/Android Authority)
New Tech Courses That Have Just Landed
The big three cloud providers, Amazon, Microsoft and Google currently make up 67% of the market
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: LLM Output Validation & Evaluation
Zebra Brings Generative AI to the Frontlines with Google, Android, and Qualcomm
President Sally Kornbluth and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman discuss the future of AI
Abstracts: May 6, 2024
A Comprehensive Guide to Extracting Data from MySQL Using Singer ETL
Predicting Multiple Tokens at the Same Time: Inside Meta AI's Technique for Faster and More Optimal.
Superior Alternatives to MLPs? Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks Eclipse MLPs in Accuracy and Efficiency
Apple's third-gen AirPods are back on sale for $140
A local YouTube Q&A Engine using Llama.cpp and Microsoft Phi-3-Mini
Introduction to Machine Learning: Why There Are No Programmed Answers
How To Run Complex Queries With SQL in Vector Databases
Meet Google Threat Intelligence, Google Cloud's security solution with Gemini Pro
Quoting Charity Majors
FLaNK-AIM Weekly 06 May 2024
Integration Digest for April 2024
Can Kolmogorov Arnold Networks (KAN) beat MLPs?
Deploy Fullstack FastAPI Application On Render For Free in 10 minutes.
Understanding Race Conditions In the Context of Python
A Safe Word Can Protect against AI Impostor Scams
Google upgrades Security Operations with new detection types and Gemini-powered assistants
The AI Music Era Is Here. Not Everyone Is a Fan
AI-Powered Frontend UI Components Generator (Next.js, GPT4, Langchain, & CopilotKit)
[D] Llama 3 Monstrosities
Documenting your PhD   Keeping Track of Meetings, Experiments and Decisions
Neuralink Co-Founder Suggests He Left Elon Musk's Company Over Safety Concerns
Large Action Models (LAMs): The Next Frontier in AI-Powered Interaction
Best tool for upscaling lots of long videos?
Introduction to DOM
AI powered carousel Generator
IBM Quantum Challenge 2024 Showcases Watsonx AI Tools
OpenAI's  SearchGPT  might launch soon and feature GPT-4-Lite
How I test an AI chatbot's coding ability - and you can too
Document Object Model
W3C Games CG April 2024: GDC
An interview with Quora CEO Adam D'Angelo on adding AI tools, supporting developers on Quora's chatbot platform Poe, Quora's relationship with OpenAI, and more (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
AI approach enhances efficiency of material multiscale simulation for wearable electronics
3D video conferencing tool lets remote user control the view
Total.js   UI library
This AI Paper by the University of Wisconsin-Madison Introduces an Innovative Retrieval-Augmented Adaptation for Vision-Language Models
Sources: Microsoft is training a new, in-house AI model that has ~500B parameters, large enough to compete with top models from Google, Anthropic, and OpenAI (Aaron Holmes/The Information)
Country Star Who Can't Sing After Stroke Releases New Song Using AI
DocuSign acquires AI-powered contract management firm Lexion
[P] Table Extraction , Text Extraction
You can grab a pair of AirPods starting at just $79.99
What Is the American Privacy Rights Act, and Who Supports It?
Is Generative AI Having Its Oppenheimer Moment?
Microsoft, Sanctuary AI Team to Advance General Purpose Robots
Semiconductor digital twins to sip $285M from America's CHIPS Act funding pool
JLL Says AI Demand Turns Data Centers Into 'Hottest Asset Class'
How AI Tools Help Businesses Analyze Big Data
Few new things in Python which I learned last week.
Unraveling the Power of Lists in Python: A Comprehensive Guide for Developers
[D] Get paid for peer reviews on ResearchHub
New Microsoft AI model may challenge GPT-4 and Google Gemini
Mastering Relational Database Design: A Comprehensive Guide
Microsoft allegedly developing MAI-1, a competing model to OpenAI's GPT-4
MaxDiff RL Algorithm Improves Robotic Learning with  Designed Randomness
One of my top 3 robot vacuum and mops is $300 off in time for Mother's Day
Is Your Law Firm Using A.I.? Tell Us How.
Meta's Secret Weapon in the Generative AI Wars May Be its Smart Glasses + Assistant
Stack Overflow Finally Succumbs to OpenAI
How the web works
Warren Buffett voices AI fears, likens tech to atom bomb
Palantir Beats Sales Estimates, Raises Outlook on AI Enthusiasm
Data Science Case Study   Credit Default Prediction: Part 2
Alphabet-owned Intrinsic incorporates Nvidia tech into robotics platform
How does Wave Analytics handle data from external databases in PostgreSQL?
Nvidia thinks its GPUs are better for onboard AI than NPUs
How to Fix  OpenSlide Library Not Found  Error by Updating .zshrc on macOS
Warren Buffett Saw An AI That Scared Him
AI technology is showing cultural biases here's why and what can be done
RSA: Google Enhances its Enterprise SecOps Offerings With Gemini AI
Lalal.ai Review: The #1 AI Background Noise Remover?
As VC firms invest more in B2B startups, Intuition is a new VC fund focusing on consumer tech
Capsule Networks: Addressing Limitations of Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs
Nvidia Publishes A Competitive Llama3-70B Quality Assurance (QA) / Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Fine-Tune Model
'People are going to try to steal your secrets' Dixon warns
Study from Meta researchers suggests that training LLMs to predict multiple tokens at once, instead of just the next token, results in better and faster models (Ben Dickson/VentureBeat)
RSA CEO Rohit Ghai says emergent 5G technology increases the need to protect critical networks
USA invests $285 million in AI-powered chip development
Confluent Expands Apache Flink Capabilities to Simplify AI and Stream Processing
Firms Not Prepared to Deploy AI Models, Report
Building Private Copilot for Development Teams with Llama3
AI products for kids promising friendship and learning? 3 things to consider
9 Innovative Use Cases of AI in Australian Businesses in 2024
Podcast: Open Table Formats Reshaping the Data Industry   A Deep Dive with Ryan Blue
Three Mechanisms to Protect Your Git Repositories
Opera's AI assistant can now summarize web pages on Android
Training an Small Language Model
OpenAI and Stack Overflow partner to bring more technical knowledge into ChatGPT
UK-based Wayve, which is developing a self-learning system for autonomous driving, raised a $1.05B Series C led by SoftBank, the UK's largest AI fundraise ever (Mike Butcher/TechCrunch)
Weekly Top Picks #72
Practical use Cases of AI and Java
Sources: Apple has been working on its own chip designed to run AI software in data center servers; the project is internally codenamed Project ACDC (Wall Street Journal)
Wayve, an A.I. Start-Up for Autonomous Driving, Raises $1 Billion
Wayve raises $1B to take its Tesla-like technology for self-driving to many carmakers
Quantum-Hybrid AI Platform Funded for Japan
Microsoft readies new AI model to compete with Google, OpenAI
Google's AI plans now include cybersecurity
Nvidia Backs UK Self-Driving Startup Wayve in $1 Billion Round
The Document Object Model (DOM)
DataCamp Launches DataLab: An AI-Enabled Data Notebook
How does temperature impact next token prediction in LLMs?
my experience learning python so far in phase 3
Stack Overflow signs a deal with OpenAI to supply data to its models; new integrations between Stack Overflow and OpenAI will be available by the end of June (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
10 Steps to Become a Web Developer
Install Python 3.11
CRUD Laravel 10 dan Bootstrap 5 #5: Menghapus Data
Starting my data science career, how should I plan my summer?
Train & Finetune LLama3 using LLama-Factory
Dear Stack Overflow denizens, thanks for helping train OpenAI's billion-dollar LLMs
Self-Play Preference Optimization (SPPO): An Innovative Machine Learning Approach to Finetuning Large Language Models (LLMs) from Human/AI Feedback
Princeton Digital Gets Green Loan for $1.5 Billion Asia AI Hub
Apple Is Working On Its Own AI Chip for Data Centers, WSJ Says
The Kendrick-Drake feud shows how technology is changing rap battles
[D] NER for large text data
A New Diplomatic Strategy Emerges as Artificial Intelligence Grows
ServiceNow Says AI Product Will 'Take Some Time' to Boost Sales
This year's Met Gala theme is AI deepfakes
Is it true most ML/AI projects fail? Why is this?
MITRE, a federally funded, not-for-profit US research organization, plans to build a $20M supercomputer with Nvidia to build AI tools for the federal government (Eva Dou/Washington Post)
Sam Altman Says AI Systems Could 'Testify' Against Individuals, Akin to Being Subpoenaed in Court
Unlock Efficient CI/CD: How YAML Anchors Transform Your Bitrise Setup
Akamai agrees to acquire Noname Security, which finds and fixes API vulnerabilities, for ~$450M, closing in Q2 2024; Noname was valued at $1B in December 2021 (Ingrid Lunden/TechCrunch)
Honeycomb Insurance grabs $36M Series B from solo VC-led Zeev Ventures
CoVid-19 Detection leveraging Vision Transformers and Explainable AI
The Download: synthetic cow embryos, and AI jobs of the future
Top 5 Machine Learning Model Testing Tools in 2024
[D] How does fast inference work with state of the art LLMs?
OpenAI Joins Adobe and Others as C2PA Committee Member
Microsoft Acquires 48 Acres of Lands in Hyderabad for Building Data Centres
Biden Administration Launches International Cybersecurity Strategy
Optimizing Relational Databases for Best Performance in MySQL
Dynamic Open Vocabulary Enhanced Safe-landing with Intelligence (DOVESEI)
What to use parquet or CSV?
Microsoft's partnership with OpenAI was 'basically a bet,' says CTO Kevin Scott
Visual Intuitive Physics: Enhancing Understanding Through Visualization
OpenAI releases a tool to detect DALL-E 3-created images, claiming 98% accuracy for unaltered images, and joins Microsoft and Adobe's content credentials group (Deepa Seetharaman/Wall Street Journal)
Google is co-funding a guaranteed basic income trial that gives families $12,000 a year to help keep them housed
AI Fuels Nearly 30% Increase in IT Modernization Spend, Yet Businesses Are Unprepared for Growing Data Demands, Couchbase Survey Reveals
Linear Alignment: A Closed-form Solution for Aligning Human Preferences without Tuning and Feedback
The Morning After: What to expect at Google I/O 2024
How generative AI is redefining data analytics
Meta AI is obsessed with turbans when generating images of Indian men
Microsoft AI Research Introduces SIGMA: An Open-Source Research Platform to Enable Research and Innovation at the Intersection of Mixed Reality and AI
[D] Stack Overflow partnership with OPEN AI
Microsoft is Starting to Look a lot Like OpenAI with 'MAI-1'
Allstate India's Manjula Nanjappa on How Coaching Drives Organisational Growth
Cisco Unveils AI-Native Cybersecurity Innovations
How to Use and Test WizardLM2: Microsoft's New LLM
Why AI playing video games is a big deal
HTML templates vs the IO Monad
SEAI announces  20m for clean energy projects in Ireland
Getting Started with the Dev Containers Extension
Apple's 'Big AI Plans' Coming Soon
Apple reportedly developing AI inference chip for its own data centers
Build An AI-Powered Code Generator (Nextjs, CopilotKit, gemini-pro, Langchain)
Meet GLiNER: A Generalist AI Model for Named Entity Recognition (NER) Using a Bidirectional Transformer
Akamai confirms acquisition of Noname for $450M
Edge 393: Understanding Planning Techniques in Autonomous Agents
GPT-4V(ision) for Robotics: Multimodal Task Planning from Human Demonstration
US and Chinese diplomats plan to meet later in May to find common ground on AI usage and situations where AI should be banned, like controlling nuclear arsenals (David E. Sanger/New York Times)
Generative AI Beyond LLMs: System Implications of Multi-Modal Generation
Microsoft and OpenAI launch $2M fund to counter election deepfakes
[D] Is EOS token crucial during pre-training?
R-Tuning: Instructing Large Language Models to Say 'I Don't Know'
Enabling Accelerators for Graph Computing
This is BIG. OpenAI just announed, they are partnering with Stack Overflow to use it as a database for LLM.
Global VC Funding Isn't Slowing, But It's Not Growing Either, April Numbers Show
Is Microsoft Competing with OpenAI?
Oracle, Accenture Partner to Develop Generative AI Solutions
Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality: Revolutionising Our Reality
R Highcharts: How to Make Interactive Maps for R and R Shiny
Reshaping the future of API platforms
As Amazon's robot ranks swell, workers worry about their future
Microsoft working on an LLM to take on Gemini, GPT-4
OpenAI Releases 'Deepfake' Detector to Disinformation Researchers
Oracle unveils AI-powered coding assistant
Ruff: The Extensible Python Linter
AI Tutors: Personalizing Education for the 21st Century Learner
Computer science coding classes deemphasize syntax as professors teach higher-level skills in AI era
The Fascinating Reason behind Silicon Valley's Love for the Word Grok
Data scientist Job Description
Wayve raises $1bn from NVIDIA and Microsoft in Europe's largest AI round
Pure Storage and Red Hat Accelerate Modern Virtualisation Adoption
Amazon to invest $9bn for cloud infrastructure in Singapore
Microsoft Blocks Police Use of OpenAI for Facial Recognition Cameras
DiffClone: Enhanced Behaviour Cloning in Robotics with Diffusion-Driven Policy Learning
AI 'pilots' are getting so good they're sometimes beating humans in dogfights
BiomedRAG: Elevating Biomedical Data Analysis with Retrieval-Augmented Generation in Large Language Models
UK's Wayve raises $1B in Europe's largest ever AI funding round
Architecture of ChatGPT4
Can Language Model Moderators Improve the Health of Online Discourse?
FanFabler: Fine-Tuning Llama 3 to Be a Multilingual Fanfic Writing Assistant
Top AI-Enhanced Tools for Learning Management Systems
Daloopa trains AI to automate financial analysts' workflows
Microsoft's new ChatGPT competitor...
Ollama Tutorial: Running LLMs Locally Made Super Simple
Gartner: 4 Bleeding-Edge Technologies in Australia
Fredrik Danielsson, Principal Product Manager at Tiny   Interview Series
Apple announces M4, a new chip focused on improving AI-related tasks, featuring up to 4x faster GPU performance than the M2 and 50% faster CPU than M2 (The Verge)
Speech Recognition with Python & CMU Sphinx
Apple announces new M4 chip
BigID announces new AI data security features for Microsoft Copilot
Motional delays commercial robotaxi plans amid restructuring
Apple's M4 chip arrives with a big focus on AI
ChainGPT Pad Launches OMNIA Protocol To Enhance And Secure Web3 For DeFi Users Via DePIN And MEV
Rad AI, a startup that helps radiologists save time on report generation, raises $50M Series B from Khosla Ventures
Microsoft deploys a generative AI model entirely divorced from the internet, saying US intel agencies can now harness the tech to analyze top secret information (Katrina Manson/Bloomberg)
What Can AI Researchers Learn From Alien Hunters?
Shoutout to Document360 - An AI-powered knowledge base software
OpenAI Is Doomed? - Et tu, Microsoft?
Apple's thinner new iPad Pros feature the M4 chip and  tandem  OLED displays
Musician Sparks Debate After Releasing AI-Generated Music Video
Im-a-good-gpt2-chatbot  and its sibling hint at OpenAI's new product launch
The new iPad Pros are Apple's first devices powered by its M4 chip
Understanding HTML Elements: Tags, Attributes, and Values
US Invests $285M in Digital Twins for AI Chips to Boost Supply Chain
Microsoft Creates Top Secret Generative AI Service for US Spies
AIhub coffee corner: Responsible and trustworthy AI
[P] Identify toxic underwater air bubbles lurking in the substrate with aquatic ultrasonic scans via Arduino Nano ESP32 (Ridge classification) and assess water pollution based on chemical (color-coded) water quality tests via UNIHIKER (NVIDIA TAO Ret
SIMA: Scaling Up AI Agents Across Virtual Worlds for Diverse Applications
Meta Releases Llama 3 Open-Source LLM
Trump's Former Campaign Manager Is Back and He Wants to Remake American Politics With AI
A framework to detect hallucinations in the text generated by LLMs
Apple Revamps iPads With AI-Focused Pro Model, Bigger Air
Goodbye Dependency Hell: Discover Pipx, the Python Package Manager that Solves Dependency Conflicts
This YC-Backed Startup is Helping Enterprise Save Up to 90% on SaaS Expenditures with Generative AI
The Art of Forgetting: Demystifying Unlearning in AI Models
The Australian Government's Manufacturing Objectives Rely on IT Capabilities
Why getting in touch with our 'gerbil brain' could help machines listen better
OpenAI Inks Licensing Deal With People Magazine Publisher
UK and US authorities identify and charge the leader of the LockBit ransomware gang, a 31-year-old Russian national; the US also issued sanctions against him (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
FurMark adds Raspberry Pi support, GPU fan monitoring
Social Media Users are Fooled by AI Photos of Met Gala
OpenAI says it's building a tool to let content creators 'opt out' of AI training
Apple announces M4 with more CPU cores and AI focus, just months after M3
5 Things to do When Evaluating ELT/ETL Tools
File Question - C++
Powerful New Chatbot Mysteriously Returns in the Middle of the Night
'A chilling prospect': should we be scared of AI contestants on reality shows?
LLMs Pitfalls
Akamai to acquire Noname Security in $450m deal
Exclusive: Wayve co-founder Alex Kendall on the autonomous future for cars and robots
Gaussian splatting enables real-time streaming of volumetric video in UE5
Integrating Java and Python for Successful Machine Learning Implementation: A Case Study
This AI newsletter is all you need #98
SWIRL Corporation Unveils SWIRL AI Connect at AI Expo
Exploring the mysterious alphabet of sperm whales
Unlocking Growth: 3 Years at Meta   Transformative Lessons for Work and Life
[P] YARI - Yet Another RAG Implementation. Hybrid context retrieval
Apple teased AI improvements, including the M4's neural engine, at its iPad event
Sperm whale 'alphabet' discovered, thanks to machine learning
RADCOM Announces Generative AI Application Support for AWS
OpenAI's new tool can detect its own DALL-E 3 AI images, but there's a catch
DDR5 memory prices could rise 20% due to increasing demand for AI chips
Oracle Code Assist: to help developers boost App Development with AI
Deepfakes of the dead are a growing Chinese business
New iPad Pros are the thinnest Apple device ever, feature dual-OLED screens
British Self-Driving Car Maker Wayve Revs Up With Whopping $1B SoftBank-led Round
UK fintech raises 800M for AI that determines how much money you can borrow
Leak casts doubt on Intel's Battlemage, Celestial GPU plans for 2024
OpenAI says it's developing a Media Manager tool, slated for release by 2025, to let content owners identify their works to OpenAI and control how they are used (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
All the news on Google's Pixel 8, 8 Pro, and 8A
DeepMind Alumni Raise $200 Million Funding Round for Holistic AI
OpenAI strikes licensing deal with the magazine giant behind People
AI Risks to Financial Stability Are Already a Central Bank Worry
You're Practically Guaranteed to Get Alzheimer's If You Have This Genetic Variant
LoftQ: Reimagining LLM fine-tuning with smarter initialization
[P] Skyrim - Open-source model zoo for Large Weather Models
TechCrunch Minute: Audible deploys AI-narrated audiobooks. Can it replace the human touch?
India Warns Political Parties Against Using Deepfakes in 2024 Election
Enhancing Anomaly Detection in Linux Audit Logs with AI
Understanding Python's Iteration and Membership: A Guide to __contains__ and __iter__ Magic Methods
Google Pixel 8a First Look: A Budget Phone With Everything You Need
Accelerating Advertising With AI Comes At A Cost
Google Updates $499 Low-End Pixel Phone, Cuts Tablet Price
Quoting @deepfates
Podcast: Deep Reinforcement Learning in the Real World with Anna Goldie
Google Pixel 8a hands-on: Flagship AI and a 120Hz OLED screen for $499
Quick tip: How to Build Local LLM Apps with Ollama and SingleStore
Google reveals the Pixel 8a, an affordable phone with flagship performance and cameras &mdash; here's how to order
Google unveils Pixel 8a with the Tensor G3 chip, a 6.1  120Hz OLED with up to 2K nits brightness, and Gemini Nano access, shipping May 14 for $499+ (Julian Chokkattu/Wired)
The temperature in GPT4
LEV is inching closer! Rejuvenating mitochondria - Clinical Trials
TSMC's New Technology Explained: Two Huge Microchip Innovations
FEDML Nexus AI: Your Generative AI Platform at Scale // Salman Avestimehr // #230
AI Tools: The Solution to Teacher Burnout
2 Hour Data Analyst Interview Masterclass | Interview Better Than The Competition
i want convert youtube videos to blogpost  - Gemini 1.5 Pro Tutorial!!!
Warren Buffett Warns of AI Risks at Berkshire Hathaway Meeting
AI and Social Media Outperform Surveys in Assessing Depression and Anxiety Levels
Even Katy Perry's Mom Was Fooled by that AI Pic of Her at the Met Gala
NVIDIA GTC Training Labs On Demand Available Now
FEDML Nexus AI: Your Generative AI Platform at Scale // Salman Avestimehr // MLOps podcast #230
This YC-Backed Startup is Helping Enterprise Save Up to 30% on SaaS Expenditures with Generative AI
IBM Releases Open-Source Granite Code Models, Outperforms Llama 3
OpenAI says it can detect images made by its own software. mostly
Suki Awarded AI Scribe Agreement with Premier, Inc.
Exploring Data Warehousing and ELT Tools
My Take: How AI Image Editing Keeps Me Competitive in the Market
Build It and They will Come!  An LLM from Scratch
N-Queen's Problem Solution
Crypto? AI? Internet co-creator Robert Kahn already did it. decades ago
Understanding Kolmogorov Arnold Networks (KAN)
E2B Introduces Code Interpreter SDK: Enabling Code Interpreting Capabilities to AI Apps
My favorite browser can now summarize articles on Android, thanks to this AI upgrade
Podcast: Deciphering Data Architectures with James Serra
OpenAI is not consistently candid about its relationship to the open web
OpenDevin: BEST Opensource AI Software Engineer! Builds & Deploy Apps End-to-End!
Microsoft launches AI chatbot for spies
OpenAI Offers an Olive Branch to Artists Wary of Feeding AI Algorithms
How Apple's 2024 iPads Will Benefit Working Professionals
How CIOs Can Battle GPU Poverty in the Age of AI
Text to Knowledge Graph Made Easy with Graph Maker
GenAI Is Putting Data in Danger, But Companies Are Adopting It Anyway
Microsoft Has a New Offline AI Service Designed for U.S. Spies
Meet ZleepAnlystNet: A Novel Deep Learning Model for Automatic Sleep Stage Scoring based on Single-Channel Raw EEG Data Using Separating Training
Red Hat and Run:ai Optimize AI Workloads for the Hybrid Cloud
City of Hope Redefines Predictive Sepsis Detection Using Kafka
Demo AI Products Like a Pro
Deterministic Quoting: Making LLMs Safe for Healthcare
Hunters Announces Full Adoption Of OCSF And Introduces OCSF-Native Search
Bedrock Studio is Amazon's attempt to simplify generative AI app development
How I Predicted the Effect of Mutations on Protein Interactions Using AlphaFold
Improved-Barnacle repository: (The Cleanup Python Script)
OpenAI supports C2PA standard for AI images and publishes classifier
Apple's new Logic Pro adds AI 'band members' for iPad and Mac users
Met Gala Deepfakes Are Flooding Social Media
Amazon launches Bedrock Studio in public preview, a web tool to help orgs experiment with and collaborate on generative AI models and then build AI-powered apps (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Cybersecurity professionals say generative AI can be exploited in cyberattacks &mdash; but it can also be a powerful defense
Meta announces an update to its AI ad tools, which can now make full new images, not just backgrounds, and claims it's adding strong guardrails to prevent abuse (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Better GPU for ML?
Meta's AI tools for advertisers can now create full new images, not just new backgrounds
Container size analysis: TensorFlow 2.8 base image vs Deep Learning
Researchers use foundation models to discover new cancer imaging biomarkers
Weeknotes: more datasette-secrets, plus a mystery video project
Meta Will Let Advertisers Create Campaigns Using New Generative AI Tools
Lonely Teens Are Making  Friends  With AIs
Anaconda Rejiggers Approach to Boost Growth Under New CEO
Pushing the Boundaries of Innovation with Data and AI: Announcing the 2024 Finalists of the Databricks Data Team Transformation Award
Meta's new generative AI features aim to make it easier to create ads - and they're free
How AWS's latest $8B investment is funding alignment with Singapore's AI goals
Python JSON schema
[D] Can anyone with the expertise speak to the overlap, or not, between Nvidia's hardware and Apple's hardware?
Eric Schmidt says China trails behind the US in AI for these 4 reasons
[D] PEFT techniques actually used in the industry
IBM says these back-office, network edge Power 10 servers would be sweet for   yes, you guessed it   AI
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Use Hugging Face's ControlNet
Using Pandas Concat ( pd.concat )
Tesla bought over $2 million worth of lidar sensors from Luminar this year
New large learning model shows how AI might shape LGBTQIA+ advocacy
OpenAI working on new AI image detection tools
Mantendo seus dados segregados por Padro
Billionaire Cuts Investment in Nvidia, Says AI May Be Overhyped
Deepfake Detection with Pindrop CEO Vijay Balasubramaniyan - Voicebot Podcast Ep 374
How to use Google Gemini AI for Agriculture Productivity
Decoding Writing Success on Medium
OpenAI partners with People publisher Dotdash Meredith
Tesla is Luminar's largest lidar customer
AI-powered Virtual Assistants: Simplifying Daily Tasks
AI Inference is ABOUT to CHANGE!!!
PCA & K-Means for Traffic Data in Python
OpenAI Is Readying a Search Product to Rival Google, Perplexity
Joanna Czajka of Opera on Adding Generative AI to Web Browsing - Voicebot Podcast Ep 373
Shaping AI Benchmarks with Together AI Co-Founder Percy Lang
Navigating the Web: A Guide to the DOM
Surprisingly, Google Pixel 8a launches at $499 with 7 years of updates
IBM open sources its Granite code models for code generative tasks, trained on 116 programming languages, with models ranging in size from 3B to 34B parameters (Mike Murphy/IBM Research)
Apple M4 arrives less than a year after M3 as the AI PC battle looms
Saudi Arabia AI Fund Would Divest From China If US Asked, CEO Says
The most worrisome health challenges in the future, according to LLMs
#Apple #Nvidia   #ai #llm
Technical Interview - Python, SQL, Problem but NOT Leetcode?
OpenAI's flawed plan to flag deepfakes ahead of 2024 elections
America's War on Drugs and Crime will be AI powered, says Homeland Security boss
5 Best AI SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) Generators in 2024
Emergency department packed to the gills? Someday, AI may help
gpt2-chatbot confirmed as OpenAI
Team prioritizes hacky, rush job over a well thought out production grade solution. Go with it or challenge it?
Source: OpenAI is developing a feature for ChatGPT that can search the web and show results with citations to sources and images (Rachel Metz/Bloomberg)
LLMClean: An AI Approach for the Automated Generation of Context Models Utilizing Large Language Models to Analyze and Understand Various Datasets
Spectral Labs Joins Hugging Face's ESP Program: Advancing The Onchain x Open-Source AI Community
Bayesian Optimization for Preference Elicitation with Large Language Models
Stack Overflow Completes its Generative AI Reversal with an OpenAI Partnership
Red Hat announces RHEL AI, a platform for developing and running open source LLMs, and InstructLab, a community project to let experts enhance AI models (Bryson Masse/VentureBeat)
B.C. mother targeted by AI phone scam initially convinced it was her son
Non Technical ML Podcasts? [D]
Creating AI Apps Using RAG & LangChain: A Step-by-Step Developer Guide!
Learn Shiny for Python with a Puppy Traits Dashboard
How Fragile is Relation Extraction under Entity Replacements?
GCCs in India Are Facing a Branding Problem
Apromore leads 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant, Process Mining Platforms
Risk-anticipatory autonomous driving strategies considering vehicles' weights, based on hierarchical deep reinforcement learning
Link Me Baby One More Time: Social Music Discovery on Spotify
101- LLM DBRX Instruct Model Serving- Saving Cost
[Research] xLSTM: Extended Long Short-Term Memory
Samsung Medison to acquire French AI ultrasound startup Sonio for $92.7M
LangChain Chains: Simple to Advanced Workflows
iPad Air
ChatBI: A Comprehensive and Efficient Technology for Solving the Natural Language to Business Intelligence NL2BI Task
AGI is a Rorschach Test for People to Project Their Technology Anxieties
Apple unveils new iPad Pro and its AI-focused M4 chip
LTIMindtree, IBM Setup Watsonx Center of Excellence for GenAI in India
Data Libraries   the Secret Sauce to Regulatory Environments
The Rise of AI-Powered Gaming Laptops
Enhancing Continual Learning with IMEX-Reg: A Robust Approach to Mitigate Catastrophic Forgetting
Validating polyp and instrument segmentation methods in colonoscopy through Medico 2020 and MedAI 2021 Challenges
Appian Leads 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Process Mining Platforms
What Is New in ShinyProxy 3.1.0
Biden to Announce A.I. Center in Wisconsin as Part of Economic Agenda
Add AI servers to the list of iDevices Apple Silicon could soon power
Designing LLM Chains by Adapting Techniques from Crowdsourcing Workflows
Reducing the Size of Docker Images Serving Large Language Models (part 2)
System Design: Quadtrees & GeoHash
Red Hat launches RHEL for AI
Infosys & ServiceNow Boost Collaboration for Gen AI-Powered Solutions
Top AI Presentation Generators/Tools
Can Ruby Survive as the 'Human-First' Programming Language?
Microsoft and Google-backed AI legaltech startup raises $7m
Congratulations to the #ICLR2024 test of time and outstanding paper award winners
ReFACT: Updating Text-to-Image Models by Editing the Text Encoder
Billionaire Sea Founder Warns of Turmoil From the Shift to AI
Setu and Sarvam AI Unveils Sesame, India's First Domain Specific LLM for BFSI Sector
Warren Buffett warned on AI scams, a fiscal disaster, and losing friends. Here are 15 top quotes from Berkshire's bash.
What Is a Latent Space?
SoftBank Is Said in Talks to Buy Troubled AI Chip Firm Graphcore
Best Ways to Use ChatGPT to Grow Your Freelance Business
Elon Musk is looking to deploy Tesla's robotaxis in China, state media reports say
Oracle Cloud Notes
OpenAI unveils tool to detect DALL-E images
GraphGPT: Graph Instruction Tuning for Large Language Models
Sources: OpenAI has been aggressively trying to poach Google employees for a team working on a ChatGPT feature to search the web and show results with citations (Kylie Robison/The Verge)
AI Chatbots: Redefining Customer Engagement
Website Optimization Using Strapi, Astro.js and OpenAI
AI Use in Cyberattacks Raises Worker Cybersecurity Concerns
Want to be a Hacker in 2024
Red Hat announces Podman AI Lab
Rainbow Robotics at ICRA 2024; Debuts Bimanual Mobile Manipulator RB-Y1
The Math Behind Batch Normalization
Apple's iPad AI
The Inventor of LSTM Unveils New Architecture for LLMs to Replace Transformers
Writers and publishers in Singapore reject a government plan to train AI on their work
Artificially Intelligent Help for Planning Your Summer Vacation
OpenAI is reportedly working on a search feature for ChatGPT
Yuille-Poggio's Flow and Global Minimizer of Polynomials through Convexification by Heat Evolution
CascadedGaze: Efficiency in Global Context Extraction for Image Restoration
Combatting Deepfakes in Australia: Content Credentials is the Start
The struggle of Artificially Imitated Intelligence in specialist domains
Bigram Word Cloud Animates Your Data Stories
Microsoft made an AI model for spies that's not connected to the internet
Apple is reportedly developing chips to run AI software in data centers
OpenAI built the gpt2-chatbot, renamed to  im-also-a-good-gpt-chatbot , per the gpt2-chatbot's 429 rate limit error message, which appeared in the LMSYS arena (Simon Willison/Simon Willison's Weblog)
DeepScribe Appoints Dr. Dean Dalili as Chief Medical Officer
Accelerating ML Application Development: Production-Ready Airflow Integrations with Critical AI Tools
Samsung Electronics' medical device unit Samsung Medison plans to acquire Paris-based Sonio, which makes AI-powered ultrasound workflows software, for ~$92.7M (Kate Park/TechCrunch)
iPad Pro with M4 Chip Enables Seamless AI Tasks
OpenAI's  SearchGPT  might be shown next Monday together with GPT-4-Lite
good-gpt-2-chatbot Gone Rogue
OpenAI is reportedly trying to poach Googlers for an AI-powered search team
Microsoft plans to invest $3B to build a data center in Mount Pleasant, Wisconsin, and train locals, alongside investing in a new AI lab at Wisconsin University (Tom Dotan/Wall Street Journal)
French AI toasts $200M for Holistic as Sonio sale shows risks of success
Atlan scores $105M for its data control plane, as LLMs boost importance of data
Xona Space Systems closes $19M Series A to build out ultra-accurate GPS alternative
OpenAI's Deepfake Detector Can Spot Images Generated by DALL-E
BMLL backs industry cloud migration with move of data lab onto AWS Marketplace
Dove's latest 'Real Beauty' drive   and why AI will be harder to ditch than it thinks
Day 5: Forms in Angular
Reddit tests automatic, whole-site translation into French using LLM-based AI
Apple Launches AI-Powered M4 Chip
Burnout Is Pushing Workers to Use AI Even if Their Boss Doesn't Know
Israeli startup Panax raises a $10M Series A for its AI-driven cash flow management platform
Sources: the US Commerce Department is considering a new regulatory push to restrict the export of proprietary or closed source AI models to China (Reuters)
Meta Building New $800M AI Data Center in Alabama, Second in State
The Role of Data Analytics in Lead Generation
Why is vaping bad for health? Scientists use AI to find out
Microsoft and OpenAI Announce $2 Million for Societal Resilience Fund
A Roadmap to Machine Learning Algorithm Selection
MediaTek launches powerful Dimensity 9300+ chip
US is Two to Three Years Ahead of China in AI
Apple Brings AI PC Power to iPads With M4 Chip Debut
Sources: US prosecutors are examining if Tesla committed securities or wire fraud by misleading investors and consumers about Autopilot and Full Self-Driving (Reuters)
A Chatbot for Sales: 5 Ways AI Assistants Boost Website Conversion
The Download: deepfakes of the dead, and why it's time to embrace fake meat
Microsoft is 'turning everyone into a prompt engineer' with new Copilot AI features
Startup Behind AI William Shatner Files for Bankruptcy
Nice Froala colour palette
Role of AI in Workforce Development
Apple Logic Pro 11: A New Era in AI Music Creation
Cloudways Review: The Best Managed Cloud Provider in 2024?
Alexandr Yarats, Head of Search at Perplexity   Interview Series
How AI is shaking up OnlyFans and adult content creation
How Brilliant Labs CEO is creating a  symbiosis of humanity and artificial intelligence
Multimodal: AI's new frontier
Supercharging Graph Neural Networks with Large Language Models: The Ultimate Guide
These four new Copilot for Microsoft 365 features make prompt writing like a pro even easier
Mastering SQL: Comprehensive Guide To Structured Query Language
Checkfirst raises $1.5M pre-seed, applying AI to remote inspections and audits
Tesla is being investigated for securities and wire fraud for self-driving claims
66% of leaders wouldn't hire someone without AI skills, report finds
Arm's Pricey Valuation Ratchets Up Need to Deliver on Earnings
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 29/04 to 05/05
Tagged Pointer Strings (2015)
Google DeepMind's Groundbreaking AI for Protein Structure Can Now Model DNA
Bye-bye bots: Altera's game-playing AI agents get backing from Eric Schmidt
AlphaFold 3 predicts the structure and interactions of all of life's molecules
Best and Nano Tiers: More Speech-to-Text and Pricing Options
Stack Overflow is feeding programmers' answers to AI, whether they like it or not
DatologyAI, which aims to help researchers better curate AI training datasets, raised a $46M Series A led by Felicis, after a $11.65M seed in February 2024 (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Presentation: Modern Compute Stack for Scaling Large AI/ML/LLM Workloads
Tesla's self-driving claims subject to federal securities and wire fraud probe
Augmented Reality Slims Down With AI and Holograms
President Joe Biden to announce AI data center at failed Foxconn site
Meta will let advertisers create campaigns using new generative AI tools
Google DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis says AI breakthroughs in biology research could be a $100B+ business, commercialized via DeepMind spinout Isomorphic Labs (Bloomberg)
Google Deepmind debuts huge AlphaFold update and free proteomics-as-a-service web app
Free AI Courses from NVIDIA: For All Levels
[D] Intra-Document prefix (cumulative) sum when using sequence packing in PyTorch
Microsoft plans to add a new auto-complete feature that offers suggestions to improve AI prompts to Copilot for Microsoft 365 in the coming months (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Lab's AI work results in increased revenue, decreased land requirements for wind power industry
Daimler sets 2027 target for self-driving truck launch in the US
Meet AdVon, the AI-Powered Content Monster Infecting the Media Industry
AMD to introduce new naming scheme for AI-enhanced Zen 5 mobile CPUs
Google's Sundar Pichai Lays Out His AI Roadmap
Uber's CEO: Tesla will need us for robotaxis
President Biden and Microsoft Plan AI Data Center on Forgotten Foxconn Plant
Teaching robots to move by sketching trajectories
The top 3 ways to use generative AI to empower knowledge workers
Go Vs Node Vs Python Vs PHP. Do you context switch?
New AI Tools Predict How Life's Building Blocks Assemble
AI and holography bring 3D augmented reality to regular glasses
New Postman Release Supports AI API Development With . AI
Google Unveils AI for Predicting Behavior of Human Molecules
DeepMind CEO Targets $100 Billion-Plus AI Drug Discovery Business With AlphaFold
Google DeepMind and Isomorphic Labs detail AlphaFold 3, an AI model of life's building blocks and their interactions within cells, with sophisticated forecasts (Michael Peel/Financial Times)
OpenAI takes steps to boost AI-generated content transparency
Feds Reportedly Investigating Tesla for Fraud Related to Self-Driving Claims
StarTree Finds Apache Pinot the Right Vintage for IT Observability
Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes Is a Worthy, Slightly Wonky Apes Adventure
Unveiling Google's Med-Gemini: Revolutionizing Medical AI with Cutting-Edge Capabilities
83% of decision-makers at service organizations are increasing their AI investments
Google DeepMind's 'leap forward' in AI could unlock secrets of biology
Recurrent Neural Networks   An Introduction To Sequence Modelling
OpenAI Is 'Exploring' How to Responsibly Generate AI Porn
How AI helped scientists find an alphabet in sperm whale sounds
Dove's latest 'Real Beauty' drive and why AI will be harder to ditch than it thinks
AI21 Labs Introduces Jamba-Instruct Model: An Instruction-Tuned Version of Their Hybrid SSM-Transformer Jamba Model
Production-Quality RAG Applications with Databricks
'Winners in AI will be those who meet customers where they are,' says Nandan Nilekani
New approach uses generative AI to imitate human motion
LinkedIn shares insights into the challenges of putting LLMs to work
AI may be to blame for our failure to make contact with alien civilisations
Reddit CEO Huffman on User Strategy, AI and Expansion
Can AI help founders fundraise more quickly and easily?
DeepMind AI can predict how drugs interact with proteins
Saudi Arabia's $100 billion AI and semi-chip fund says it will divest from China if the US asks
Chatbot Morality?
A view of a room with VR and AI for the field of interior design
Unpacking and Utilizing Vertex with Google Earth Engine for Machine Learning.
Is this mystery chatbot really GPT-4.5 in disguise? Here's how to see for yourself
Even big tech is fighting for AI talent, here's what it means for job seekers
Oracle's Code Assist: Fashionably Late to the GenAI Party
Mitigating Occlusions in Visual Perception Using Single-View 3D Tracking in NVIDIA DeepStream
Met Gala AI-Generated Images of Katy Perry, Rihanna Deceive Fans
Google DeepMind's new AI can model DNA, RNA, and 'all life's molecules'
Build E2E CI/CD using GitHub Actions, Docker & Cloud
R Meets Hardware
OpenAI's content deal with the FT is an attempt to avoid more legal challenges   and an AI 'data apocalypse'
RunPod Raises $20M in Seed Funding
Sam Altman doesn't think we are worried enough about how AI will impact the economy
Catherine Doyle named new general manager of Microsoft Ireland
What Are The Dimensions For Creating Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Pipelines?
Google DeepMind unveils AlphaFold 3, the next generation of its protein prediction model
LLM profiling guides KV cache optimization
Podcast: Deep Learning for Financial Trading with Sofien Kaabar
College alum surprised that his ayahuasca-inspired speech praising bitcoin got groans and boos
New study finds AI-generated empathy has its limits
The Power of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) in Python
Corsair's latest pre-built gaming PC offers high-end hardware and a sleek design
Tips for Building a RAG Pipeline with NVIDIA AI LangChain AI Endpoints
Apple's hardware blitz in the M4 iPad Pro is missing the software magic to make it sing
Learn how to add value with AI to dinosuar companies
Slop is the new name for unwanted AI-generated content
Beyond Unique Constraints in Odoo
3 ways Indeed is leveraging AI to help bridge the gap between hiring managers and job seekers
An investigation into AdVon, the company behind Sports Illustrated's fake writers, finds its AI content and fake authors at the LA Times, Miami Herald, and more (Maggie Harrison/Futurism)
Elon Musk's lawyers succeed in challenge to remove OpenAI case judge
Unlock Safety & Savings: Mastering a Secure, Cost-Effective Cloud Data Lake
Am I leveling down if I apply a associate data scientist positions?
Consumer Trust at Stake as Companies Utilize AI-Generated Visuals, Report
Doctors in India Use Apple Vision Pro to Perform 30+ Surgeries
Secret Service gets its own private GPT-4 model that operates completely offline
Python One Billion Row Challenge   From 10 Minutes to 4 Seconds
[D] Strange Loss Curve while training
Modern SQLite: Generated columns
MaRDIFlow: Automating Metadata Abstraction for Enhanced Reproducibility in Computational Workflows
How to Visualize LiDAR Data
Agent Hospital  lets medical AI learn by treating thousands of sim patients
Python 3.13.0 beta 1 released
OpenAI Exploring How to Make AI-Generated Porn
How machines Learn: A look into machine learning.
DeepMind adds a diffusion engine to latest protein-folding software
OpenAI Model Spec, May 2024 edition
A Cinematic Tutorial on How to Work With Artificial Intelligence
OpenAI publishes Model Spec, which specifies how its models should behave, including objectives, rules, and default behaviors, and asks the public for feedback (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
Quoting Nathaniel Borenstein
Q&A: Nurses Are Key Stakeholders in Healthcare's AI Journey
Red Hat's Podman AI Lab supports developer adoption of genAI
Breaking Down Earnings With Reddit, Lyft CEOs | Bloomberg Technology
Robot dogs armed with AI-targeting rifles undergo US Marines Special Ops evaluation
OpenAI's new Model Spec reveals more about how it wants AI to behave
Fintech Upstart Says It Received SEC Subpoena on AI Model, Loans
OpenAI offers a peek behind the curtain of its AI's secret instructions
OpenAI Rules the Changes But Meta Changes the Rules
Microsoft Deploys Powerful New AI Completely Disconnected From the Internet
Accelerate Generative AI Inference Performance with NVIDIA TensorRT Model Optimizer, Now Publicly Available
OpenAI's Model Spec outlines some basic rules for AI
AI companions can relieve loneliness   but here are 4 red flags to watch for in your chatbot 'friend'
Microsoft builds $3.3B cloud campus on Foxconn's failed Wisconsin LCD plant
[D] How do transformers memorize facts after a single gradient update?
Exploring EfficientAD: Accurate Visual Anomaly Detection at Millisecond-Level Latencies: A Brief.
ChatBotArena: The peoples' LLM evaluation, the future of evaluation, the incentives of evaluation, and gpt2chatbot
Google DeepMind's latest medical breakthrough borrows a trick from AI image generators
[Research] Consistency LLMs: converting LLMs to parallel decoders accelerates inference 3.5x
Amdocs Accelerates Generative AI Performance and Lowers Costs with NVIDIA NIM
K-Means From Scratch: How The Cluster Magic Works
OpenAI's  Model Spec  aims to guide AI behavior - and the company wants your input
Arm Shares Fall After Company Gives Tepid Annual Forecast
New Study Says If We Don't Tell AI Chatbots to Do Better, They'll Get Worse
The Mysterious Chatbot that Beat ChatGPT is BACK!
Open AI's Media Manager Empowers Content Creators
AI-generated deepfake images are getting harder to spot as technology advances
The Pre-trainer's toolkit: From dataset construction to model scaling
MemGPT: Creating Powerful Agents with Unlimited Memory! (Installation)
Apple Unveils iPad Pro with AI Chip to Compete with Tech Rivals
Amazon Launches Bedrock Studio to Simplify Development of Generative AI Apps
You Couldn't Do THIS With ChatGPT A Year Ago...
DeepMind spinoff Isomorphic claims AlphaFold 3 predicts bio-matter down to the DNA
Digital recreations of dead people need urgent regulation, AI ethicists say
Check for newer versions of dependencies in pom.xml
Hypothesis Testing Simplified.
Deep Learning Techniques for Autonomous Driving: An Overview
'Digital afterlife': Call for safeguards to prevent unwanted 'hauntings' by AI chatbots of dead loved ones
Part 3: Introduction to Views and Template Rendering
Marking a Milestone: Four Years of Daily Study Groups
Some Stack Overflow users say their account was suspended after they attempted to alter their posts in protest of its OpenAI partnership to supply data for AI (Dallin Grimm/Tom's Hardware)
Microsoft's 'air gapped' AI is a bot set up to process top-secret info
[D] Fun little discovery: Gemini is surprisingly bad at following simple number sequences
What I learned today 5.8.24
Stack Overflow bans users en masse for rebelling against OpenAI partnership   users banned for deleting answers to prevent them being used to train ChatGPT
Employees Are Bringing Their Own AI to Work Regardless of Company Support
Event Loop Part 1
TRAMBA: A Novel Hybrid Transformer and Mamba-based Architecture for Speech Super Resolution and Enhancement for Mobile and Wearable Platforms
Musk's xAI Nears Funding at $18 Billion Value Soon As This Week
US Justice Department Steps Up Focus on Competition in AI
Microsoft builds $3.3B cloud campus on Foxconn's failed Wisconsin LCD plant plot
Neuralink Says Implant Had Issues After First Human Surgery
Using Free AI Tools to Create a 100% Automated Youtube Shorts Channel
Learning-Based Difficulty Calibration for Enhanced Membership Inference Attacks
AI companions can relieve loneliness: Here are four red flags to watch for in your chatbot 'friend'
Briefing: Bumble ditches a flagship feature, Google Maps' redesign and Pinterest's gen-z win
Magnific AI co-founder predicts the rise of  one-person unicorns  propelled by AI after exit
2 OpenAI researchers working on safety and governance have quit
Photographer Sues Google for Using Her Photos to Train AI Image Generator
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #23
Why India has Less than 2000 AI Senior Engineers?
How AlphaFold 3 predicts the structure of all of life's molecules
Prepare a dataset for training and validation of a Large Language Model (LLM)
Secure Transformer Inference Protocol
Neuralink Says Its First Brain Implant in a Human Encountered a Data Loss Problem
Artificial Intelligence 'Friends'
How to Stand Out as a Data Scientist in 2024
Hundred-Kilobyte Lookup Tables for Efficient Single-Image Super-Resolution
Create an AI Chart Generator Using ToolJet and OpenAI
Singaporean authors don't want their government to use their work for AI training without permission
Fairgen 'boosts' survey results using synthetic data and AI-generated responses
I drove Hyundai's best-selling SUV and found it's a perfect hybrid for people who don't like hybrids
This AI Paper by DeepSeek-AI Introduces DeepSeek-V2: Harnessing Mixture-of-Experts for Enhanced AI Performance
Routing in RAG Driven Applications
AI for Sustainability and Climate Change
Tennis 3D Recreation from Monocular Footage.
SQL Explained: Grouping Sets, Rollup, and Cube
CIM-MLC: A Multi-level Compilation Stack for Computing-In-Memory Accelerators
Top Emerging Areas in Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Resprompt: Residual Connection Prompting Advances Multi-Step Reasoning in Large Language Models
Exploring Sharpness-Aware Minimization (SAM): Insights into Label Noise Robustness and Generalization
Wondering when AI will turn up at your work? Microsoft says look behind you
Rightsify's GCX: Your Go-To Source for High-Quality, Ethically Sourced, Copyright-Cleared AI Music Training Datasets with Rich Metadata
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 29/04 to 05/05
LLMs have become a weapon of information warfare
AIGOLD Goes Live, Introducing The First Gold Backed Crypto Project
ChatGPT for Google Drive Coming Soon?
Meet My A.I. Friends
Microsoft Announces $3.3B Investment in Wisconsin to Spur AI Innovation
ODAIA & Veeva partner to Accelerate Adoption of AI in Life Sciences
Are we now stuck in a cycle where bots create content, upload it to fake profiles, and then other bots engage with it until it pops up in everyone's feeds?
IbisPaint launches an AI Disturbance tool to make it harder for machines to copy your work
Swift Parameter-free Attention Network for Efficient Super-Resolution
'Pronoun Illness' is Ola's Problem, Not India's 'Rich Culture'
Postgres Is Now a Vector Database, Too
When More is More? When For an LLM is Enough?
Investment analyst accuses Palantir of AI washing
Jammable Review: How Good Are These AI Song Covers?
OpenAI considers allowing users to create AI-generated pornography
Opinion: OpenAI's content deal with Financial Times is an attempt to avoid legal challenges and an AI 'data apocalypse'
5 Reasons Why Every Java and Python Developer Should Understand Machine Learning Algorithms
First Project
Deepmind CEO Demis Hassabis says AI agents for complex tasks coming in 1-2 years
The next act of GenAI: how to get AI 'agents' working like humans
Apple's new iPad commercial is the perfect visualization of everything that might be wrong with GenAI
UAE's AI Ambitions Include Making Advanced Semiconductors
Visa Uses Generative AI to Catch Suspicious Financial Transactions
[D] ECCV 2024 Review Discussion
[D] Is it a good idea for a 3rd year PhD student to start a TPAMI submission?
Alibaba releases Qwen2.5 and says 90K+ companies use its Qwen models; OpenCompass: Qwen2.5 beats GPT-4 in language and creation but not knowledge or reasoning (Sheila Chiang/CNBC)
TikTok to auto-flag AI videos   even if created on other platforms
Techman Robot Unveils New High-payload AI Cobot TM30S at Automate
TikTok plans to start automatically labeling some AI content, including from Dall-E and Adobe's Firefly, and joins the Adobe-led content credential coalition (Financial Times)
The Download: AI accelerating scientific discovery, and Tesla's EV charging meltdown
Anand Sahay, CEO & Executive Director, Xebia   Interview Series
A Visual Understanding of Logistic Regression
Google is Dancing to its Own Music,  says Sundar Pichai
[D] Use VQ-VAEs for SSL?
Hyperscale cloud support for AI: GCP tech leader, AWS excels in price
6 Ways Computer Vision is Re-envisioning the Future of Driving
Using Groq Llama 3 70B Locally: Step by Step Guide
Setup REST-API service of AI by using Local LLMs with Ollama
Game Theory Can Make AI More Correct and Efficient
How is Samsung faring in the Irish smartphone market?
An OpenAI rival says its new AI model is not only cheaper to run than GPT-4, but it's also more useful
Inceptio Self-Driving Trucks Set Accident-Free Record in China
Owners of Thai Startup aCommerce Said to Consider Selling Stake
Is GenAI Spoiling Gen Z?
You Only Cache Once: Decoder-Decoder Architectures for Language Models
Honeyfile Camouflage: Hiding Fake Files in Plain Sight
Hugging Face Introduces the Open Leaderboard for Hebrew LLMs
Demonstration of an Adversarial Attack Against a Multimodal Vision Language Model for Pathology Imaging
New AI generates CRISPR proteins unlike any seen in nature
Retell AI lets companies build 'voice agents' to answer phone calls
The World Needs Something Better Than the Transformer
A Quick Guide for GraphQL
TikTok is adding an 'AI-generated' label to watermarked third-party content
TikTok is the first social media app to implement Content Credentials. Here's what it means for you
Speech Understanding on Tiny Devices with A Learning Cache
US may regulate export of AI models to China and Russia
Generative AI leading from Front
Rowing startup Hydrow acquires a majority stake in Speede Fitness as their CEO steps down
Robotic system feeds people with severe mobility limitations
CMMU: A Benchmark for Chinese Multi-modal Multi-type Question Understanding and Reasoning
As part of its Model Spec release, OpenAI says it is considering letting developers and users  responsibly  create  NSFW content in age-appropriate contexts  (Dan Milmo/The Guardian)
Microsoft Highlights Responsible AI Efforts in New Report
Stack Overflow Bans Users for Protesting Against It Selling Their Answers to OpenAI as Training Data
Accelerate GenAI App Development with New Updates to Databricks Model Serving
The Top ODSC East 2024 Virtual Sessions to Watch For Free, Gen AI in Finance, and Must-Read Sci-fi.
JP Morgan's Mary Callahan Erdoes says 'curiosity' will be the most important human trait in the age of AI
Samsung Acquires Infant Ultrasound AI Software Developer
Reddit Lays Out Content Policy While Seeking More Licensing Deals
What is AI Washing and Why is it a Concern?
Sources: Mistral AI raising at a $6B valuation, SoftBank 'not in' but DST is
TikTok Embraces Content Credentials by Automatically Adding AI-Generated Tags
Stack Overflow could suspend your account if you change a post to protest OpenAI's deal
TIA Unveils Revision C of Global Data Center Infrastructure Standard
Nvidia, Intrinsic Collaborate to Enhance Robot Task Management
Learning Statistics with R, Part-1
6 Practical Tips for Using Anthropic's Claude Chatbot
IBM Copilot Runway to Fuel AI-Powered Business Transformation
[R] AlphaMath Almost Zero: process Supervision without process
Atlan Plants Itself in the Middle of the Data Governance Map with $105M Round
How Bumble Will Use AI to Create Healthier Relationships
Controlling chaos using edge computing hardware: Digital twin models promise advances in computing
TikTok will automatically label AI-generated content created on platforms like DALL E 3
Major Tech CEOs from Google, OpenAI, Microsoft, and More Join Federal AI Safety Panel
This subscription-less video doorbell is one of my best smart home investments
I tested Gemini as my Pixel assistant again, and it's gotten better - but there's a catch
OpenAI's pitch deck to news publishers promises priority placement to partners in chat conversations and payment contingent on  display success  (Mark Stenberg/Adweek)
OpenAI Competitor Mistral AI Raising At $6B Valuation   Report
Bumble Founder Shares Odd Future of Dating: Your AI Dates My AI
OpenAI Looks to Balance Risks and Model Capabilities
Google CEO responds to 'woke AI' criticisms after Gemini debacle: 'We got it wrong'
Time Series Forecasting: A Practical Guide to Exploratory Data Analysis
Ameca Says AI Robots Won't Take Human Jobs
Apple to Power AI Tools With In-House Server Chips This Year
[D] ICLR Outstanding Paper Awards. Congratulations!
Microsoft Eyes Southeast Asia with Multi-Billion Dollar Cloud Expansion
OpenAI Rival Anthropic Defends Partnerships With Amazon, Google
New Report Shows Apple Poaching Google AI Talent
HHS Outlines New Framework for Responsible AI Use in Public Benefits Administration
Feature Selection with Optuna
[D] Where does the term  feature  come from?
Unpacking the Power of Data-Driven Weekly Predictions in Web3
Complex adversarial attacks can force generative AI services to bypass security filters and limitations
New AI Image Detector Tool Being Developed by OpenAI
Recapping the AI, Machine Learning and Data Science Meetup   May 8, 2024
How to Transition from Physics to Data Science: A Comprehensive Guide
Anthropic Founders Publicly Needle OpenAI Execs
How to Visualize a recording from the NYUD dataset with RGB and Depth channels
Orchestrating AI: Event-Driven Architectures for Complex AI Workflows
Isomorphic Labs Has the Potential to Build Multi-$100 Bn Business
Self Driving Startup Wayve Gets $1B Investment
The Top LLMs and AI Tools in 2024 So Far
Introduccion a Python
How to Build the Ultimate AI Automation with Multi-Agent Collaboration
Elon Musk's Neuralink reports trouble with first human brain chip
Reddit releases a new content policy, including a ban on AI data licensees from using deleted posts or comments; Reddit expects $60M+ in 2024 licensing revenue (Aisha Counts/Bloomberg)
Deep learning empowers reconfigurable intelligent surfaces in terahertz communication
How do you enjoy GenAI roles vs classical ML?
datasette-pins   a new Datasette plugin for pinning tables and queries
Disrupting the Status Quo Through Data and AI: Celebrating the 2024 Data Team Disruptor Award Nominees
Revolutionizing Graph Analytics: Next-Gen Architecture with NVIDIA cuGraph Acceleration
Apple is Developing AI Chips in Data Centers According to Report
NPM libraries to build your next AI projects
Sources: Apple's first server chips for its upcoming AI features will be the M2 Ultra; simpler AI tasks will be processed directly on iPhones, iPads, and Macs (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Optimize AI at Scale With Platform Engineering for MLOps
Are Data Scientists Fortune Tellers?
New AI Algorithm Found Over 20,000 Asteroids
How To Write Basic List Comprehension In Python
Carregando dados com Apache HOP & Postgres
MIT Researchers Map Brain Pathways of Visual Images Being Recognized
Analyzing the Impact of Flash Attention on Numeric Deviation and Training Stability in Large-Scale Machine Learning Models
Isomorphic Labs Would be Worth $100 Bn
BigID Introduces Industry-First Hybrid Scanning for Cloud Native Workloads
Waste-management facilities are using AI to turn trash into recycled treasure
Triomics raises $15M Series A to automate cancer clinical trials matching
Phi-3 and the Beginning of Highly Performant iPhone Models
What is AlphaFold 3? The AI Model Poised to Transform Biology
The Rise of Adversarial AI in Cyberattacks
'Deadbots' and the 'digital afterlife industry' risk haunting the living, researchers warn
CoreWeave Invests 1 Bn in UK; Opens London Headquarters, Data Centres
Writing Smart Contracts using Vyper, Remix IDE and deploying them on BNB Smart Chain.
TSMC Keeps Sales Growth Up in April as AI Drives 60% Jump
How LLMs Know When to Stop Generating?
OpenAI considers letting users create AI-generated porn
Help us test free-threaded Python without the GIL
Cognitive Lab Introduces Tokenizer Arena for Devanagari Text
Define irony: OpenAI, sued repeatedly for copyright infringement, files claim against subreddit before backing down
'Fortune favours the bold': AI dominates Microsoft Work Trend Index 2024
DRSI-Net: Dual-Residual Spatial Interaction Network for Multi-Person Pose Estimation
The EU AI Act Is Here .. Here Are 5 Mistakes To Avoid !
Ink Studio AI
This AI Paper by Alibaba Group Introduces AlphaMath: Automating Mathematical Reasoning with Monte Carlo Tree Search
Google's Gemma with 10 million context
Robotics will have ChatGPT Moment Soon
Sundar Pichai claps back at Microsoft's CEO after his comments about making Google 'dance'
South Korea-based DEEPX, which is building on-device AI chips, raised an ~$80M Series C led by SkyLake at a ~$529M valuation, taking its total funding to ~$95M (Kate Park/TechCrunch)
ElevenLabs unveils new AI music generator 'ElevenLabs Music'
football player detection and tracking + camera calibration
BeAble Capital invests in  174K in Ecogranular's wastewater treatment tech
An account of chatting with 18 AI companions for a month: AI friendship is hollow, but chatbots could enhance human socializing if developed responsibly (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
SML & 3AI Launch Hanooman GenAI App on Play Store in 12 Indian Languages
Did Stanford just prototype the future of AR glasses?
TikTok becomes first platform to require watermaking of AI content
Samsung Brings its AI Photo Editing to S22 Series, Flip4, and Fold4 Devices
OpenAI Vs. Google
The answer to AI's energy needs could be blowing in the wind
Modern Data Architecture, ML, and Resilience Topics Announced for QCon San Francisco 2024
This Week in AI: OpenAI considers allowing AI porn
Tech Conference Touched on Everything From AI Fears to a Belching Robot
OpenAI set to unveil AI-driven challenger to Google Search
What's coming up at #ICRA2024?
Temporal Dynamics of Coordinated Online Behavior: Stability, Archetypes, and Influence
This week in ML & data science (4.5.-10.4.2024)
Meet Kevin's A.I. Friends
Tokyo Electron Plans Record R&amp;D Outlay Spurred by AI Chip Demand
The frenemies running Microsoft and Google's AI ops have some serious history
KAN: Why and How Does It Work? A Deep Dive
TikTok to Label AI-generated Content to Reduce Misinformation
UMass-BioNLP at MEDIQA-M3G 2024: DermPrompt -- A Systematic Exploration of Prompt Engineering with GPT-4V for Dermatological Diagnosis
AI chip startup DEEPX secures $80M Series C at a $529M valuation
Researchers test AI systems' ability to solve the New York Times' connections puzzle
5 Steps to Learn AI for Free in 2024
Is Programming Safe from AI of the Future? AI's Impact on Programming
Top Antidetect Browsers in 2024
Transparency is sorely lacking amid growing AI interest
Getting Started with HTML Forms: A Detailed Guide
TATA AIG is Building an LLM-Powered WhatsApp Chatbot for Customers
People, Planet, Cloud and AI: Key Takeaways from QCon London
Improvements in Contextual Intelligence and Generative AI will Help Creative Personalization Reach its Full Potential
Top 40+ Generative AI Tools in 2024
I'm doing my PhD and helped develop an AI tool to assist with learning and research on virtually any topic. It generates responses backed with peer-reviewed literature and can also summarize research articles. It's like an interactive encyclopedia. L
The AI Summit Singapore Comes to Asia Tech x Singapore May 29-31
LeddarTech, Immervision to Accelerate ADAS, AD Perception Model Training
Multilingual large language models leak human stereotypes across language boundaries
[D] What on earth is  discretization  step in Mamba?
Unveiling the Future: AI's Role in Enhancing Software Quality Through Regression Testing
Mastering Average Function With dbForge Studio for SQL Server
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of May 10th
How to Replace Character at Nth Index in Python String
6 ways AI can help launch your next business venture
Deepmind proves robust AI adaptation requires learning causal models under the hood
[D] ECCV-2024 reviews are out
Stack Overflow community and OpenAI clash again over ChatGPT
DMI and Appvance to Offer Generative AI Software Quality Platform
Companies Without a Chief AI Officer are Bound to F-AI-L
Sources: French AI startup Mistral AI is nearing a deal to raise ~$600M at a $6B valuation, after raising $500M at a $2B+ valuation in December 2023 (Wall Street Journal)
How Can Businesses Defend Themselves Against Common Cyberthreats?
Filings: SoftBank's Vision Fund has seen its US portfolio shrink by ~$29B since the end of 2021 as, sources say, Masayoshi Son plans forays into AI and chips (Min Jeong Lee/Bloomberg)
Kasada #4 on Australia's Best Workplaces  in Technology List for 2024
Active Visual Localization for Multi-Agent Collaboration: A Data-Driven Approach
Nvidia's RTX 5080 could launch before the 5090, next-gen AI GPUs arriving in late 2025
Voxel51 Filtered Views Newsletter - May 10, 2024
Broadridge's LTX integrates with MultiLynq to enhance its platform connectivity
OpenAI could unveil its Google search competitor on Monday
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang to Deliver Keynote Ahead of COMPUTEX 2024
EmMixformer: Mix transformer for eye movement recognition
CoreWeave, a $19B AI compute provider, opens European HQ in London with plans for 2 UK data centers
A Beginner-Friendly Introduction to LLMs
In the future, your AI will date other people's AI,  says Bumble Founder
Your First Year as a Data Scientist: A Survival Guide
How AI is Revolutionizing the Legacy Industries?
3 VSCODE TIPS
Perplexity AI Partners with SoundHound AI to Bring LLMs-Powered Voice Assistants Across Cars and IoT Devices
AI systems are already skilled at deceiving and manipulating humans, study shows
Top 10 DeepMind AlphaFold 3 Alternatives in 2024
Quick tip: Ollama + SingleStore - LangChain = :-(
[R] Better & Faster Large Language Models via Multi-token Prediction
Python Day 11 | Mastering SQL: A Beginner's Guide to Database Management
Is AI lying to me? Scientists warn of growing capacity for deception
Working with APIs using Requests
Google I/O 2024: 5 Gemini features that would pull me away from Copilot
Hostinger Review   Is This The Most Affordable Premium Webhost?
Microsoft invests $3.3 billion in Wisconsin for, you guessed it, generative AI
Messaging your AI pricing model
Most Read: Fake AI-Generated Meta Gala Images Fool Fans
Top Five Reasons Why ChatGPT is Not Ready for the Enterprise
AI system can predict the structures of life's molecules with stunning accuracy   helping to solve one of biology's biggest problems
TikTok Implements New AI Content Labeling System
Yesterday while trying to solve hit-and-run's with chatbots, I discovered that Gemini is capable of silent reverse image lookup to improve context around the prompt.
Accelerate Model Training with PyTorch
Grammy nominee Bas said AI still can't make music that evokes feeling: 'AI never been to the club.'
Report States OpenAI Will Release Search Engine to Compete Against Google
Stack Overflow users sabotage their posts after OpenAI deal
DeepSeek-V2 is a Chinese flagship open source Mixture-of-Experts model
AI systems are getting better at tricking us
uv pip install --exclude-newer example
Why Your Web Bundler Matters For Optimized WebGPU-Powered 3D Game Development
OpenAI Again Refuses to Say if It Used Your Content to Train Sora
Towards Autonomous Software Development: The SWE-agent Revolution
5 Best AI Research Paper Summarizers (May 2024)
Itamar Friedman, CEO & Co-Founder of CodiumAI   Interview Series
A new approach to using neural networks for low-power digital pre-distortion in mmWave systems
Hungry for Data: How Supply Chain AI Can Reach its Inflection Point
Neuralink brain chip implant partially failed after surgery
3123. Find Edges in Shortest Paths
Keep it Simple, Storage
Top Companies Building Humanoid AI Robots
What are web components ?
Apple might bring AI transcription to Voice Memos and Notes
Programmer creates AI-powered image generator for Commodore 64
AI music app Udio rolls out new features and subscription plan
How To Use Pyscript To Create Python Web Apps
Creating a personal AI assistant a.k.a An approachable series on learning new stuff!
My AI dating your AI could be the future of online dating, Bumble founder says. 'No. No. Truly.'
Do Enormous LLM Context Windows Spell the End of RAG?
COLLAGE: A New Machine Learning Approach to Deal with Floating-Point Errors in Low-Precision to Make LLM Training Accurate and Efficient
10 ChatGPT Prompts to Boost Developer Productivity
Startup Raises $46M to Revolutionize AI Dataset Curation
[D] How to use RAG benchmarks in practice
Databricks Announces Major Updates to Its AI Suite to Boost AI Model Accuracy
Unpacking Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks
Apple apologizes for ad that crushes the sum total of human artistic endeavor
Exploring Hacker News by mapping and analyzing 40 million posts and comments for fun
LangChain v0.2: A Leap Towards Stability
Computer Vision Meetup: Anomaly Detection with Anomalib and FiftyOne
OpenAI announces a live stream at 10AM PT on May 13 to demo  some ChatGPT and GPT-4 updates , which Sam Altman says are  not gpt-5, not a search engine  (Ben Schoon/9to5Google)
OpenAI's Google Killer? ChatGPT Search could launch as early as Monday
OpenAI to Announce ChatGPT Product Updates Via Livestream Monday
Exploration-focused training lets robotics AI immediately handle new tasks
Computer Vision Meetup: To Infer or To Defer: Hazy Oracles in Human+AI Collaboration
Creating a Smart Home AI Assistant
How to write memory efficient machine learning model prediction data pipelines in Python,With an Example
Snip tool
Announcing ODSC Europe 2024 This September
Anthropic now lets kids use its AI tech   within limits
Apple Will Revamp Siri to Catch Up to Its Chatbot Competitors
[D] Is Evaluating LLM Performance on Domain-Specific QA Sufficient for a Top-Tier Conference Submission?
[D] Best community/website to find ML engineer interested in hourly work
AI Tools Contribution to E-commerce for an Enhanced Customer Experience
Google's AI Companies Strike Again: AlphaFold 3 Now Spans Even More of Structural Biology
Sam Altman shoots down reports of search engine launch ahead of Google I/O
How I Learned SQL In 2 Weeks (From Scratch)
Could current LLM technology communicate with dolphins?
Apples Also Rot
Cloud GPU provider CoreWeave opens its European HQ in London and plans two UK data centers this year as part of a &pound;1B investment, after raising $1.1B last week (Paul Sawers/TechCrunch)
Dynamic Control Flow in CUDA Graphs with Conditional Nodes
Apple's big AI rollout at WWDC will reportedly focus on making Siri suck less
ChainGPT Pad Launches Wisdomise AI IDO To Bring Inclusive,AI-powered Wealth Management Tools To Web3
Newsletter #35: Nano & Best: New Speech-to-text Pricing Options
[N] Book Lauching: Accelerate Model Training with PyTorch 2.X
Explainer: What Is Artificial Intelligence?
From Code to Cloud: Deploying Hybrid SSR-SPA App on AWS Using Bash Script Automation
Exploring Python's asyncio for Asynchronous Programming
Apple is revamping Siri with generative AI to catch up with chatbot competitors, report says
Absolut Vodka Trains AI to be Inclusive, But Why Not Capture Real Photos of Actual People?
OpenAI Mocked for Issuing Infringement Claim Over Its Logo While Scraping the Entire Web to Train AI Models
Security news weekly round-up - 10 May 2024
US Targets China EVs With Tariffs, More Tech Earnings | Bloomberg Technology
Sources: Apple made generative AI a tent-pole project after Craig Federighi and John Giannandrea spent weeks testing ChatGPT and found Siri to be antiquated (New York Times)
OpenAI to demonstrate new features for ChatGPT and GPT-4 next Monday that  feel like magic
OpenAI's ChatGPT announcement: What we know so far
Running LLMs on Android: A Step-by-Step Guide
DSA for Data Scientists
How to Talk to your Computer with Python and OpenAI's Whisper on your personal machine
Learning Statistics with R, Part-2
Red Hat extends Lightspeed AI to Linux, OpenShift
Building a better product is not just easy, it's obvious
Key Concepts of Cloud Computing
OpenAI unveils new ChatGPT features Monday - search engine not included
OpenAI's Model (behavior) Spec, RLHF transparency, personalization questions
How to Watch OpenAI's Next ChatGPT Update
Anthropic's Claude sees tepid reception on iOS compared with ChatGPT's debut
Easy CSV Handling with Python: A Beginner's Guide (Bite-size Article)
ReFT: Representation Finetuning for Language Models
OpenAI COO Says It's Too Soon to See AI's Full Impact on Economy
Harnessing the Power of Copilot for Microsoft 365 in Healthcare
Sam Altman teases that OpenAI is announcing 'new stuff' on Monday that 'feels like magic'
Perplexity's latest partnership set to power SoundHound's voice assistant
Motional cut about 550 employees, around 40%, in recent restructuring, sources say
Filings and sources: autonomous vehicle company Motional cut ~550 employees in a restructuring that included delaying a robotaxi service from 2024 to 2026 (Rebecca Bellan/TechCrunch)
self-host a Streamlit app' on a Ubuntu server
Redundancy in AI: A Hybrid Convolutional Neural Networks CNN Approach to Minimize Computational Overhead in Reliable Execution
Top Low/No Code AI Tools 2024
DeepMind is Google's AI research hub. Here's what it does, where it's located, and how it differs from OpenAI.
Can We Use Large Language Models to Fill Relevance Judgment Holes?
OpenAI insists it's not launching a search engine nor GPT-5 on Monday
Sources: OpenAI is preparing to demonstrate an AI voice assistant that recognizes objects and images and has better logical reasoning than its current products (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
How many Friday, May 10ths have we had in the last 100 years?
Sam Altman shoots down rumors of OpenAI search engine
Meet StyleMamba: A State Space Model for Efficient Text-Driven Image Style Transfer
Sam Altman Proposes 'Universal Basic Compute' for Global Access to GPT-7's Resources
How to Resize Images with Pillow and OpenCV
Deep Learning Illustrated, Part 3: Convolutional Neural Networks
Local RAG From Scratch
Git Mastery: Tags and Releases   Part 4
Anthropic AI Launches a Prompt Engineering Tool that Generates Production-Ready Prompts in the Anthropic Console
CodeLlama vs. CodeGemma: Using Open Models for AI Coding Assistance
Simulating NMEA Data with nmeasim in Python
A Survey Report on New Strategies to Mitigate Hallucination in Multimodal Large Language Models
Machine Learning on GCP : from dev to prod with Vertex AI
Another genie's out of the bottle - decoding Warren Buffett's Take On Gen AI
Generative AI News Rundown - Shadow AI, Bedrock Studio, Mistralmentum, GitHub Copilot, Stack Overflow, Open AI & More
Amazon Q Business and Amazon Q Developer Now Generally Available
Understanding SVG to Base64 Conversion: A Handy Technique for Web Developers
Appfigures: Anthropic's Claude now ranks #51 in the top free iPhone Productivity apps in the US, down from rank #5 in this category, which it achieved on May 4 (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Apple Nears Deal With OpenAI to Put ChatGPT on iPhone
How to configure vchart line chart to make the points sparse in the case of big data?
Sources: Apple is finalizing a deal with OpenAI to use ChatGPT features in iOS 18; talks with Google to license Gemini are ongoing, but no deal has been reached (Bloomberg)
Anthropic AI Launches a Prompt Engineering Tool that Lets You Generate Production-Ready Prompts in the Anthropic Console
Early Stopping: Why Did Your Machine Learning Model Stop Training?
[P] Google Colab crashes before even training my images dataset.
At the Bloomberg Technology Summit, Bumble founder Whitney Wolfe Herd said the future of dating could have digital, AI-powered personas setting each other up (Daysia Tolentino/NBC News)
MS MARCO Web Search: A Large-Scale Information-Rich Web Dataset Featuring Millions of Real Clicked Query-Document Labels
AI already uses as much energy as a small country. It's only the beginning
[D] Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow 2nd Edition
LangChain: Agents
Hacking out an AI spider with Node
Getting Started With OpenAI's GPT Builder, and How It Uses RAG
Vape liquids may release hundreds of toxic chemicals when inhaled, study finds
Chennai-Based Startup Behind First AI University Professor Launches Personal AI Home Studio
The demand for AI chips is driving fierce competition among HBM chipmakers, as Samsung and Micron race to catch up to SK Hynix, which has over 52% market share (Nikkei Asia)
Top AI-Powered SEO Tools in 2024
This AI Paper by Microsoft and Tsinghua University Introduces YOCO: A Decoder-Decoder Architectures for Language Models
Top 10 AI Must-Know Coding Assistant Tools for Developers
Vercel Creating New AI Framework; Also: Rust and Adobe Updates
Recommendation for buying a programmable drone
ChatGPT gets major upgrades, including new voice features, agents and a new interface
Biological neurons use multidirectional propagation - could/should we recreate it in artificial neurons? Doable e.g. with neurons modelling joint distribution (reduces to ~KAN)
Top Machine Learning Courses for Finance
$600 million round reportedly catapults Mistral AI to $6 billion valuation
What is Spark demand currently?
US Marines Special Ops test rifle-wielding, AI-powered robot dogs, report says
Optimizing Graph Neural Network Training with DiskGNN: A Leap Toward Efficient Large-Scale Learning
French art group uses brainwaves and AI to recreate landscapes
Virtue, intellect and trust: How ChatGPT beat humans 3-0 in moral Turing Test
Southeast Asia is drawing more investment from Big Tech than ever, as the CEOs of Apple, Microsoft, and Nvidia commit billions of dollars in the region (Bloomberg)
58% of Americans Interested in Training AI Models, Survey Finds
[D] How to train very shallow (dot product) networks with huge embeddings on a GPU cluster?
Back To Python Basics: *args & **Kwargs
Organic Coding: Safeguarding the Future of AI Code-Assistance Tools
Bumble Founder Says Future of Dating Is Your AI Will Date Other People's AIs and Hook You Up With the Best Matches
She was accused of faking an incriminating video of teenage cheerleaders. She was arrested, outcast and condemned. The problem? Nothing was fake after all
Cybertrucks Come With Special Tricks: Breaking Fingers and Slicing Legs
Apple iPad Pro Is Thinner and More Powerful Than Ever
AI shame at work is a thing, according to a Microsoft study
[R] Marcus Hutter's work on Universal Artificial Intelligence
The Silent Revolution: How GenAI is Reshaping Cloud Tech
Apple nears deal with OpenAI to bring ChatGPT technology to iPhone
How United, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, and others use AI to reduce costs and streamline operations, including holding flights for delayed passengers (Julie Weed/New York Times)
AI Strategy Guide: How to Scale AI Across Your Business
What we're listening to: Trail of Flowers, Hyperdrama, Science Fiction and more
AI Therapy Bots Have Risks and Benefits and More Risks
Stack Overflow Users Are Revolting Against an OpenAI Deal
Android in the time of AI
N-BEATS   The First Interpretable Deep Learning Model That Worked for Time Series Forecasting
Python Basics: Functions
Zoho's Sridhar Vembu Joins Ola CEO Bhavish Aggarwal's Rant Against LinkedIn and Microsoft's 'Wokeness'
What's the most important technical skill for an ML Engineer?
ChatGPT and the like will co-pilot coders to new heights of creativity | John Naughton
[D] Dealing with conflicting training configurations in reference works.
AI-Powered Image Outpainting
Curated List of the 500+ Best AI Tools, Ranked by Traffic
OpenAI could debut a multimodal AI digital assistant soon
What to expect at Google I/O 2024: Android 15 updates, more generative AI features for Google's apps, a new Gemini-powered  Pixie  digital assistant, and more (Wes Davis/The Verge)
28 Years Later is coming to theaters next summer
At the AI Film Festival, humanity triumphed over tech
List of free AI Models
Best Practices for Technical Columns in Database Design
Can instant-ngp be trained on videos and not just static images?
Learning AWS Day by Day   Day 61   ELK   ElasticSearch, Kibana, LogStash
Human rights lawyer Susie Alegre: 'If AI is so complex it can't be explained, there are areas where it shouldn't be used'
HOW CSS WORKS BEHIND THE SCENE
Q&A with Linda Moore, the CEO of TechNet, which represents OpenAI, Apple, and others, about the 400+ AI bills proposed across the US, tech backlash, and more (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
Are any companies good at onboarding data people? Are there any effective data analytics bosses/leaders?
Sources: Arm plans to set up an AI chip division, aiming to build a prototype by spring 2025, with mass production expected to start later in the year (Nikkei Asia)
[P] LoRA from scratch implementation for LLM classifier training
Google I/O 2024 will be all about AI again
[P] Open source library to scrape PDFs, YouTube, URLs, Presentations, etc for API-hosted vision-language models
Innovating Game Design with GPT: A Comprehensive Scoping Review
When the word is all about LLMs and GenAI and you are still using linear regression
NVIDIA AI Releases the TensorRT Model Optimizer: A Library to Quantize and Compress Deep Learning Models for Optimized Inference on GPUs
AI has already figured out how to deceive humans
How to become an Azure engineer
U.K. agency releases tools to test AI model safety
Rshiny is dog shit
ChuXin: A Fully Open-Sourced Language Model with a Size of 1.6 Billion Parameters
Leveraging Linguistic Expertise in NLP: A Deep Dive into RELIES and Its Impact on Large Language Models
Poetry2Nix Development Flake with Matplotlib GTK Support
Image Editing with AI Cropping Tools
Unveiling the Power of the  Element in HTML
Serverless GPU Pricing: Provider Comparison
OpenArt AI Review: The Ultimate Free AI Art Generator?
LangChain Go
Top 50 AI Writing Tools To Try in 2024
i combined AI image expanders and human work to make a 4:3 show widescreen (episode is stewie loves lois) what do you guys think? you think people could do this
Modern Python REPL in Emacs using VTerm
suggestions for a new DS team leader
The UK government's new AI safety body releases Inspect, an evaluation tool for AI model capabilities, including models' core knowledge and ability to reason (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Ham radio general exam question pool as JSON
Llama 3 Getting Started (Mac, Apple Silicon)
Aloe: A Family of Fine-tuned Open Healthcare LLMs that Achieves State-of-the-Art Results through Model Merging and Prompting Strategies
Rad AI, which offers generative AI tools for radiology reporting, raised a $50M Series B led by Khosla Ventures, bringing its total funding to over $80M (Marina Temkin/TechCrunch)
Imposter Colleagues Taking My Work
Google Colab With Open AI
AWS Launches Amazon Bedrock Studio for to Support No-Code Generative AI Projects
Advanced Techniques in Deep Learning with TensorFlow
The demand for AI tech to preserve, animate, and interact with lost loved ones is especially strong in China, where thousands have already paid to use such tech (Zeyi Yang/MIT Technology Review)
Big Book of R now has ( books in Spanish!)
Ollama Getting Started (Llama 3, Mac, Apple Silicon)
OpenAI's new product could include sarcasm detection, report says
How to Get ChatGPT in R with chattr
How to enable DEBUG logs in Flyway?
Why I Stay with Serverless in 2024
Tsinghua University Researchers Propose ADELIE: Enhancing Information Extraction with Aligned Large Language Models Around Human-Centric Tasks
10x the odds of landing a Go job
The magical number game
Alibaba leverages computing resources to become a leading AI investor in China; sources: cloud credits made up ~50% of Alibaba's $800M investment in Moonshot AI (Financial Times)
Feeling at a loss with all these transformer models from Hugging Face in NLP  [Discussion]
Complete portfolio using HTML
UC Berkeley Researchers Introduce Learnable Latent Codes as Bridges (LCB): A Novel AI Approach that Combines the Abstract Reasoning Capabilities of Large Language Models with Low-Level Action Policies
AI as Your Strategic Partner: Building a Virtual Chief Strategy Officer
Detect isolated small dots
LangChain: Document Loading
Ola Krutrim Launches its First Large Language Model for Free on the Databricks Marketplace
AgentScope: Create AI Agents with a Drag-and-Drop UI - Multi-Agent Framework!
EP62: What is gpt4l-auto? Which GPT2-chatbot is best? Should you stop your education because of AI?
Open AI faces backlash over potentially permitting AI-generated NSFW content
Social Media Platform X Launches AI Audience Feature for Targeted Advertising
We're Thinking About AI Adoption Completely Wrong
Today in AI - May 10, 2024
Advanced RAG with Llama 3 in Langchain | Chat with PDF using Free Embeddings, Reranker & LlamaParse
Function Calling with Local Models - Ollama, Llama3 & Phi-3
DeepMind's AI-First Science Quest Continues with AlphaFold 3
Revolutionizing Autonomy: CNNs in Self-Driving Cars
Q&A with Oracle CEO Safra Catz on generative AI's risks and impact, providing cloud infrastructure to TikTok, the importance of workplace diversity, and more (Keiichi Murayama/Nikkei Asia)
How Good Are the Latest Open LLMs? And Is DPO Better Than PPO?
Sam Altman -  No Fixed Timeline for GPT5
Unleashing the Hidden Power of HTML Forms
Using OpenAI's API in React without exposing your API key with Gateweaver
Topic Modeling: Machine Learning Technique 301
Google blasted for AI that refuses to say how many Jews were killed by the Nazis
KnowHalu: A Novel AI Approach for Detecting Hallucinations in Text Generated by Large Language Models (LLMs)
Stairs step count approach
AI film festival gives glimpse of cinema's future
Spotify + AI = Tune Genie
Python selenium architecture & Python virtual environment?
OpenAI thinks it knows what media is  high quality,  and that's a problem
THRONE: Advancing the Evaluation of Hallucinations in Vision-Language Models
Windows       Docker    GitLab
This AI Paper by the University of Michigan Introduces MIDGARD: Advancing AI Reasoning with Minimum Description Length
Programming in Python - Introduction
The M4 iPad Pro's true potential will be realized at WWDC, and AI will have a lot to do with it
Top AI Tools Enhancing Fraud Detection and Financial Forecasting
Data Machina #252
Ola's Bhavish Aggarwal Questions Future of Social Media in Walled Gardens, Envisions UPI-like DPI
[D] Impact of solar storm on QLORA + RLHF of Llama3 8B?
What is a Low-Code Software Development AI Framework?
Rifle-carrying robot dogs first shown in 2021 now in US Marine Special Forces testing
Discover the power of LLM based SQL Agent for SAP HANA queries
Introduction to PR-Agent: Enhancing Productivity with AI
Masayoshi Son's $64 billion AI gambit: Arm to launch its own AI chips in 2025
IBM's Granite Code open-source models outperform larger rivals in programming tasks
What's with AI boffins strapping GoPros to toddlers? We take a closer look
Superhuman?
Stacking Ensemble Method for Brain Tumor Classification: Performance Analysis
Composition in Rust and Python
The Thing Called AI; A Series
Safe Marine Navigation Using Vision AI: Enhancing Maritime Safety and Efficiency
Writing automated tests with Python
Building LLM Agents Using LangChain & OpenAI API
Laravel Machine Learning Anybody?
Space, Rockets and GPU particles
Using Graph Neural Networks for Additive Manufacturing
Go on, let bots date other bots
NanoXLSTM: minimal codebase for playing with xLSTM language models
Bot Invasion To Automated Defense: My Journey With ML Deployment
Wytham Abbey put up for sale for 15m by effective altruism group EVF
[D] How do unets achieve spatial consistency?
Link In Bio  is a slow knife
Women in AI: Rep. Dar'shun Kendrick wants to pass more AI legislation
FAQ for our Monte Carlo Conformal Prediction
Researchers from Princeton and Meta AI Introduce 'Lory': A Fully-Differentiable MoE Model Designed for Autoregressive Language Model Pre-Training
[P] A look at the latest major open LLM releases: Mixtral, Llama 3, Phi-3, and OpenELM
Microsoft OpenAI Architecture
In the rush to adopt AI, ethics and responsibility are taking a backseat at many companies
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks: the latest advance in Neural Networks, simply explained
AI-assisted writing is quietly booming in academic journals. Here's why that's OK
[P] DARWIN - open-sourced Devin alternative
Streamlining Hotel Management with Python CLI and ORM
Microsoft OpenAI Security
Readiness of Organisation for AI Adoption
QoQ and QServe: A New Frontier in Model Quantization Transforming Large Language Model Deployment
OpenAI's Sam Altman says an international agency should monitor the 'most powerful' AI to ensure 'reasonable safety'
New NVIDIA CUDA-Q Features Boost Quantum Application Performance
Minitab Alternative BlueSky Statistics to Display Graphical Interface to R at ASQ Conference
Advanced AI and Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Code Development in High-Performance Computing
[R] How Far Are We to GPT-4V? Closing the Gap to Commercial Multimodal Models with Open-Source Suites
Crafting Time Series GIFs of Satellite Images with Python
Enabling Quantum Computing with AI
[R] Curvature-Informed SGD via General Purpose Lie-Group Preconditioners
Rishi Sunak: UK is facing some of the most dangerous years in its history
Microsoft OpenAI: Errors I Learned
Python Decoration Is Very Useful, But When To Use Them?
I've just released  etichetta .
Parsing PNG images in Mojo
[P] I made a website that visualizes your codebase with LLMs
Exploring Some Features of HTML5
PostgreSQL fr django aufsetzen - django in Produktion (Teil 2)
LWiAI Podcast #166 - new AI song generator, Microsoft's GPT4 efforts, AlphaFold3, xLSTM, OpenAI Model Spec
Discover the State of HTML 2023 Survey Results
How to handle media uploads in Django
How Airlines Are Using AI to Make Flying Easier
[P] SimpleGEMM: Fast and minimal tensor core matrix multiplication in CUDA
Hugging Face Autotrain   Getting Started
How to convert python byte string to byte array c-sharp/Java
What age were you when you got your first data scientist job, how old were you when you started, and what were you doing before? Also, was it entry-level or mid-level?
Anyone else getting this absurd ad in their feed?
Simplifying Imports in React with Base URL Configuration
AI Pioneer Kai-Fu Lee Aims to Bring China Its ChatGPT Moment
Why Python Is Easier (Loops edition)
Leitura comentada - Arquitetura Limpa - Princpios de Design - Captulos 7
Comparison between faster rcnn and yolo
How 'Chain of Thought' Makes Transformers Smarter
Deceptive AI: The Alarming Art of AI's Misdirection
DataCamp Sale: Get 50% off unlimited data and AI learning
FastGen: Cutting GPU Memory Costs Without Compromising on LLM Quality
Opensource vs Closedsource Models?
TIGERScore: Towards Building Explainable Metric for All Text Generation Tasks
Exploring the Future of Python Developers: Trends and Opportunities
Microsoft really wants you to start using its Edge web browser
5 Ways to Run LLMs Locally on a Computer
France rides AI wave to secure  15B in foreign investment
Apple's software chiefs decided they needed to upgrade Siri after spending weeks testing out ChatGPT themselves
MED GEMINI - an advanced AI fine-tuned for medical Tasks
Buymeacoffee's founder has built an AI-powered voice note app
Will Siri team up with ChatGPT?
Revolutionizing Security Operations: The Power of AI Integration
France bags billions from Amazon and Microsoft in AI investment
Deep learning enhanced mixed integer optimization: Learning to reduce model dimensionality
Intel Releases a Low-bit Quantized Open LLM Leaderboard for Evaluating Language Model Performance through 10 Key Benchmarks
SoftBank Scores Another Profit to Fuel Arm-Centered AI Shift
Podcast: If LLMs Do the Easy Programming Tasks - How are Junior Developers Trained? What Have We Done?
AI's Smallest Firms Brace for Consolidation With Tech Giants on the Prowl
IBM Consulting bought into Microsoft's Copilot   now it'll help customers do the same
Top500: the Intel-powered Aurora supercomputer, not yet fully operational, came second behind the AMD-powered Frontier, but did come top in an AI benchmark (Paul Alcorn/Tom's Hardware)
Book Excerpt: Data, Technology, and Algorithms
[D] Please consider signing this letter to open source AlphaFold3
UK releases open-source platform to boost AI safety testing
US regulators probe Amazon-backed Zoox after 2 of its cars unexpectedly braked and caused crashes
Training on encrypted data, Order preserving encryption vs Homomorphic vs other methods
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman wants to enable NSFW stuff like text erotica and gore
OpenAI's big reveal
[R] Our new classification algorithm outperforms CatBoost, XGBoost, LightGBM on five benchmark datasets, on accuracy and response time
Hello, World!  in HTML / CSS / JS
How to fine-tune LLMs
Multimodal LLMs Struggle with Basic Visual Network Analysis: a VNA Benchmark
Why is  thispersondoesnotexist  capable of making hyper-realistic pictures of faces while AI Tools like Midjourney or Dall-e aren't?
[D] Thoughts on DSPy
A look at the growing number of startups offering AI deepfake detection services, with some claiming startling levels of accuracy despite untested capabilities (Washington Post)
40 Interview Questions on Python Strings
Recursion's BioHive-2, Powered by NVIDIA GPUs, Joins World's Top 35 Supercomputers
Styling dynamic HTML content in Vue & React with TailwindCSS
The Download: the future of chips, and investing in US AI
Generative AI Doesn't Make Hardware Less Hard
10 Free Must-Take Data Science Courses to Get Started
Use Cases of XPath Python In Selenium With Examples
AI coding tools are your interns, not your replacement
Isambard-AI, the UK's fastest supercomputer that cost &pound;225M and ranks 129th on the Top500 list, comes online; the system will contain 5,448 Nvidia GH200 chips (Charlotte Trueman/DatacenterDynamics)
Python FastAPI: Tutorial to Test HTTP Client Requests
The SF Bay Area Has Become The Undisputed Leader In AI Tech And Funding Dollars
CaloQVAE : Simulating high-energy particle-calorimeter interactions using hybrid quantum-classical generative models
Wikipedia's new Chrome extension fact-checks the web with ChatGPT
This AI Research Introduces SubGDiff: Utilizing Diffusion Model to Improve Molecular Representation Learning
ByteDance Shelves Sale of Moonton Game Studio, Picks New Chief
I used YOLO to detect and shoot enemies in a video game.
US and China to hold AI safety talks to prevent  miscalculation and unintended conflict
Moderating New Waves of Online Hate with Chain-of-Thought Reasoning in Large Language Models
UK's new supercomputer comes online, awaits further 5,280 GPUs
Learn how to Use AI for Your Business
The Silicon Ceiling: Auditing GPT's Race and Gender Biases in Hiring
Arm planning to launch AI chips next year amid huge global demand
Free AI Webinar: 'Beginners Guide to RAG with Professor Tom Yeh' [Time: May 16, 2024 | 10:00am PDT]
Fugaku-LLM is an open source language model optimized for Japanese
What's next in chips
US to raise concerns at first China AI talks
The US and China are set to hold their first high-level AI talks on May 14 in Geneva, as the governments seek to prevent disastrous accidents and unintended war (Eva Dou/Washington Post)
Eric Schmidt: Why America needs an Apollo program for the age of AI
Arm owner SoftBank reports 1.2bn profit as it shifts towards AI
What to Expect from Google I/O 2024
Airtel and Google Cloud Collaborate to Boost Business Cloud Solutions
AIM Announced the 2nd Edition of MachineCon USA: 26th July 2024, New York
Vision Transformers (ViTs) vs Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) in AI Image Processing
Sam Altman envisions a future where universal basic income is a  slice of GPT
Google partners with Airtel to offer cloud and genAI products to Indian businesses
The Importance of AI Software Architecture for Java and Python Developers
Illness took away her voice. AI created a replica she carries in her phone
How do connections of colleges in Bangalore with data science companies impact a student's life?
Understanding the generative AI development process
Biden administration's potential AI restrictions on China to safeguard US technology
How to use @postman to test LLMs with audio data (Transcribe and Understand)
Metal Archives Bans AI-Generated Music and Artwork
Yi-1.5: True Apache 2.0 Competitor to LLAMA-3
Invoice Data Preprocessing for LLM
Confluent's AI-Powered Data Streaming to Drive India's Real-Time Analytics - Kai Waehner, Field CTO
You Probably Shouldn't Patent Your IP (Intellectual Property)
Microsoft Unveils Groundbreaking  4 Billion AI Investment in France
Microsoft, OpenAI Launches Fund to Education Voters About AI
Google Pixel 8a review: The best midrange Android phone gets flagship AI features
LSTMs Rise Again: Extended-LSTM Models Challenge the Transformer Superiority
Kubernetes 101: Grasping the Fundamentals
Inside AlphaFold 3: A Technical View Into the New Version of Google DeepMind's BioScience Model
How far can you trust chain-of-thought prompting?
Strix Point APUs could mark the end of Windows 10 support from AMD as the company focuses on AI
An Introduction to Python for DevOps Professionals
California Tests Generative AI to Tackle Traffic, Health Care Challenges
Sources: in recent months, China asked ByteDance, Tencent, Alibaba, Baidu, and others to cut back on Nvidia purchases in favor of chips made by local companies (Qianer Liu/The Information)
UAE Releases New Falcon AI Model to Challenge Meta, OpenAI
Intel exec on bringing artificial intelligence into the workplace
Writing complex SQL queries with AND and OR operators
DoP Deep: What AI features are product teams building? Part 3
Oracle CEO Safra Catz unpacks TikTok data security, generative AI's promise, and tech diversity
'iPhone is the Greatest Piece of Technology Humanity has Ever Made,' Says OpenAI's Sam Altman
How to Optimize Chunk Sizes for RAG in Production?
Python vs Other Programming Languages in DevOps
Llama 3 + Llama.cpp is the local AI Heaven
Tata AIG Launches India's First Insurance for Spacetech Sector
Deep Learning: Unleashing the Power of Neural Networks in AI
Quoting Tim Paul
DeepSeek-V2 Unpacked
Intel-powered Aurora is now the fastest AI supercomputer in the world
Sam Altman Says 'Voice Is a Hint' at the Next Big Thing in AI
Design a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) Neural Network for Classification
Microsoft's Leap Towards Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computing with Azure Quantum
Intel's Aurora achieves exascale to become the fastest AI system
Zomato is Hiring for Its Generative AI Team
What to expect from Google I/O 2024: Android 15, Gemini, Wear OS, and more
How to prevent Prettier putting a full stop on a new line after a link
Paul Roscoe, Chief Executive Officer, CLEW Medical   Interview Series
Q&A with Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen on running Adobe since 2007, new AI features, AI investments, Firefly, monetizing AI, copyright, AI misuse, PDFs, and more (Nilay Patel/The Verge)
Understanding turbulence through artificial intelligence
code2text
Hypothesis Testing Explained (How I Wish It Was Explained to Me)
Solar storms made GPS tractors miss their mark at the worst time for farmers
How to Build a Chat App with Your Postgres Data using Agent Cloud
AI red-teaming tools helped X-Force break into a major tech manufacturer 'in 8 hours'
Google Pixel 8a Review: The Most Affordable Path to Google's AI Goodies
Top 10 Open Source Text to Image Models in 2024
OpenAI is unveiling new ChatGPT features today - search engine not included
Why Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen is confident we'll all adapt to AI
Abu Dhabi's Technology Innovation Institute releases Falcon 2 11B, an open-source LLM to compete with Llama and Gemini that supports five European languages (Mark Bergen/Bloomberg)
Confluent has 20% of its Global Workforce in India
Microsoft Places uses AI to find the best time for your next office day
Fronteres de la Conscincia: Explorant la Simbiosi entre Intel ligncia Artificial i Cervells Biolgics
Data Science skills 101: How to solve any problem
How do AI supercomputers train large Gen AI models? Simply Explained
Harnessing Power at the Edge: An Introduction to Local Large Language Models
MERN - 150 Days Challenge
Few Shot NLP Intent Classification
Enhancing Anomaly Detection with Adaptive Noise: A Pseudo Anomaly Approach
Podcast: The Shifting LLM Landscape with John Dickerson
OpenAI event live updates: CEO Sam Altman is about to announce ChatGPT news
Unleash the Power of Reports in Marketing
MatterSim: A deep-learning model for materials under real-world conditions
Enhanced autoscaling with VASIM: Vertical Autoscaling Simulator Toolkit
The (lesser known) rising application of LLMs
The Ecovacs Deebot X2 Omni robot vacuum and mop is $500 off with this deal
Weekly Top Picks #73
Semiconductor giant Arm to launch AI chips next year, report says
OpenAI's ChatGPT announcement: Watch live here
All About the AI Regulatory Landscape
One of my top 3 robot vacuum and mops just hit its all-time low price
Best way to treat SIFT descriptors
Fastest AI Supercomputer in the UK Comes Online
Fujitsu AI Tool Enhances Genomic Medicine, Cancer Treatment Planning
Last Week in AI #270: DeepMind releases AlphaFold 3, Marines test robot dogs with rifles, DeepSeek-V2, TikTok to label AI-generated content, and more!
When consumers would prefer a chatbot over a person
OpenAI releases faster model to power ChatGPT
Don't Let the Python dir() Function Trick You!
OpenAI's custom GPT Store is now open to all for free
Cruise is back driving autonomously for the first time since pedestrian-dragging incident
OpenAI Shows Off New GPT-4o Generative AI Model and More ChatGPT Upgrades
Google teases new camera-powered AI feature one day ahead of I/O
Integrating a custom AI copilot into a new
Quick Guide to Becoming AWS Data Engineer
OpenAI GPT-4o: The New Best AI Model in the World. Like in the Movies. For Free
How AI Tools Are Making Software Creation More Accessible
New GPT-4o AI model is faster and free for all users, OpenAI announces
Smart Chips, Smarter Tools
New ChatGPT AI Watches Through Your Camera, Offers Advice on What It Sees
OpenAI's new multimodal  GPT-4 omni  combines text, vision, and audio in a single model
OpenAI opens its GPT Store to all users for free, including the ability to create custom GPTs (Wes Davis/The Verge)
Your GroupMe chats are about to get a lot smarter with Copilot's help
Report: Organisations Have Endpoint Security Tools But Are Still Falling Short on the Basics
How to Expose Delta Tables via REST APIs
Protesters Are Fighting to Stop AI, but They're Split on How to Do It
MISATO: A Machine Learning Dataset of Protein-Ligand Complexes for Structure-based Drug Discovery
OpenAI's GPT-4o Model Gives ChatGPT a Snappy, Flirty Upgrade
How to Run Stable Diffusion with ONNX
OpenAI Announces GPT-4o: A 'Real-Time' Multi-Modal AI
OpenAI releases a faster model free for all ChatGPT users - here are 6 cool features
OpenAI releases GPT-4o, a faster model that's free for all ChatGPT users
ChatGPT's new face is a black hole
How Chief Financial Officers Can Make the Most of AI
[N] GPT-4o
Apple Is Bringing AI Transcription to Voice Memos, and I Can't Wait
GM's Cruise ramps up robotaxi testing in Phoenix
OpenAI Safety Worker Quit Due to Losing Confidence Company  Would Behave Responsibly Around the Time of AGI
AI Summit Singapore 2024: Editor's Picks
OpenAI Launches Faster and Cheaper AI Model With GPT-4o
ChatGPT-4o allows real-time audio-video conversations with an  emotional  AI chatbot
GPT-4o
ChatGPT will be able to talk to you like Scarlett Johansson in Her
Hello GPT-4o
Melinda French Gates to leave the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
Researchers improve scene perception with innovative framework
Just believing that an AI is helping boosts your performance, study finds
The ORM vs. ODM Debate: A Node.js Backend Perspective
Quantum Computing, Machine Learning Perform Better Together
Fallout 4 surfs tidal wave of renewed interest to the top of UK's best seller list for April
Microsoft unveils Places, an AI-powered app to help employees on Outlook and Teams better coordinate in-office time, with Copilot integration coming this year (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Safeguard Your LLM Chatbot With Llama Guard 2
OpenAI Unveils New ChatGPT That Listens, Looks and Talks
Building an Observable arXiv RAG Chatbot with LangChain, Chainlit, and Literal AI
OpenAI claims that its free GPT-4o model can talk, laugh, sing and see like a human
An Intuitive Guide to Docker for Data Science
How to Build Neural Networks for Node Classification from Tabular Data
OpenAI Unveils GPT-4 Omni's Voice Capabilities and They're Literally Unbelievable
Customizing Neural Machine Translation Models with NVIDIA NeMo, Part 2
OpenAI's new GPT-4o model lets people interact using voice or video in the same model
Google's rollout of AI generated summaries in search will threaten web publishers; Gartner predicts traffic to the web from search engines will fall 25% by 2026 (Washington Post)
IBM open-sources its Granite AI models - and they mean business
ChatGPT is launching a Mac app
Another OpenAI Executive Choked When Asked If Sora Was Trained on YouTube Data
IBM's Granite Code: Powering Enterprise Software Development with AI Precision
Never Underestimate Logs When It Comes To System Security
Snowy Insights - A Data Exploration and visualization
OpenAI Spring Update: Next Flagship Model Is the 'Natively Multimodal' GPT-4o
GPT-4o's text and image capabilities are rolling out to ChatGPT Plus and Team users; GPT-4o's voice version is coming soon; mysterious gpt2-chatbot was GPT-4o (Ina Fried/Axios)
OpenAI's New GPT-4o Immediately Available in Azure Playground
OpenAI chief Sam Altman just showed he has what Tim Cook really wants &mdash; but Apple still has one big advantage
AI can make up songs now, but who owns the copyright? The answer is complicated
Sources: Kyle Vogt, who resigned as CEO of Cruise six months ago, raised $150M for The Bot Company, a household robot startup, at a $550M post-money valuation (Kenrick Cai/Forbes)
The US Air Force is teaching AI to navigate aircraft in case GPS gets taken out in a future fight
Yesterday's Pricing Processes are Not For Tomorrow
StarDict: Dictionary for your terminal
ChatGPT Gets a Snappy, Flirty Upgrade With OpenAI's GPT-4o AI Model
Unveiling ChatGPT-4o: Next-Gen Features and Their Transformative Impact
Anthropic launches its Claude chatbot and subscription plans in Europe, available to individuals and businesses through the web and via an iPhone app (Ryan Browne/CNBC)
How Red Hat is embracing AI to make sysadmin lives easier
Cats purrfectly demonstrate what it takes to trust robots
I Am Once Again Asking Our Tech Overlords to Watch the Whole Movie
People Are Going to Fall in Love With the Flirty GPT-4 Omni
Coming out to a chatbot? Researchers explore the limitations of mental health chatbots in LGBTQ+ communities
OpenAI Just Killed Google Translate with GPT-4o
Leveraging AI in Video Editing: An Exploration of Cutting-Edge Tools for Developers
LLM 0.14, with support for GPT-4o
ML Feature Compression [D]
Bright moments in Web development: A CSS journey
ChatGPT just made AI more human, and it should make its rivals nervous
OpenAI Rival Anthropic Brings Claude Chatbot to Europe in Revenue Push
This robot mower looks like a racecar, but it mows a gorgeous lawn
TikTok promises AI content labels, as its lawyers fight  unconstitutional  divestment Act
Artificial Intelligence is Already More Creative than 99% of People
ChatGPT vs. ChatGPT Plus: Is a paid subscription still worth it?
OpenAI says natively multimodal GPT-4o can be fed text, visuals, sound   and emit the same
Guide Complet : Systme d'Authentification avec PHP et MySQL
Data Quality Is A Mess, But GenAI Can Help
Chatbots tell people what they want to hear, researchers find
6 ways OpenAI just supercharged ChatGPT for free users
Meta's next hardware project might be AI-infused headphones with cameras
Google teases an AI camera feature ahead of I/O that looks better than Rabbit R1's
Building a Sliding Puzzle with Go
The Rubber Duck Debugging
Anthropic is expanding to Europe and raising more money
AI gun detection company name-dropped Disney in its successful pitch to NYC
Before launching, GPT-4o broke records on chatbot leaderboard under a secret name
Internal emails show how Evolv's gun-detection AI system made its way to NYC subway stations, despite the company saying it's not designed for that environment (Georgia Gee/Wired)
Cruise Founder Kyle Vogt Starts VC-Funded Robotics Startup
Disarmingly lifelike: ChatGPT-4o will laugh at your jokes and your dumb hat
Green500 shows Nvidia's Grace-Hopper superchip is a power-efficiency beast
Chinese lidar maker Hesai sues US DOD for adding it to a list of firms accused of aiding China's military, saying it only serves civilian and commercial market (Sabrina Willmer/Bloomberg)
Robocar Supplier Sues US, Disputes Alleged Chinese Military Ties
Navigating the Maze: A Guide to Data Architectures
[D] Neurips 2024 submissions
Global Chips Battle Intensifies, Apple Nears Deal with OpenAI | Bloomberg Technology
OpenAI launches faster and free GPT-4o model &ndash; new voice assistant speaks so naturally you will think it's hoaxed
TikTok is testing AI-generated search results
Cruise founder Kyle Vogt is back with a robot startup
OpenAI Startup Fund raises additional $5M
US, China agree to meet in Switzerland to discuss most pressing issue of all: AI use
Language Modeling Using Tensor Trains
With OpenAI's Release of GPT-4o, Is ChatGPT Plus Still Worth It?
Panduan Singkat Mengenal Eloquent ORM di Laravel
Modifying Yolov8_p2 head
Python FastAPI: Integrating OAuth2 Security with the Application's Own Authentication Process
OpenAI Released GPT-4o for Enhanced Interactivity and Many Free Tools for ChatGPT Free Users
AI startups in the Bay Area raised $27B+ in 2023, more than 50% of global AI funding, up from $14B in 2022 when the region accounted for 29% of all AI funding (Gen&eacute; Teare/Crunchbase News)
AI empowered micro-services: Future application development driven by Spring Boot and Machine Learning
This AI Paper from Cohere Enhances Language Model Stability with Automated Detection of Under-trained Tokens in LLMs
ChatGPT got an upgrade to make it seem more human
Build with AI Maroua : Overview of Generative AI
Becoming a Cloud Developer: 5-13-24
Stay Updated with Python/FastAPI/Django: Weekly News Summary (06/05/2024 - 12/05/2024)
GPT-4o: Learn how to Implement a RAG on the new model, step-by-step!
OpenAI's most important message isn't GPT-4o - it's the post-browser world
OpenAI launches GPT-4o, flaunting ability of model to detect user emotions
Anthropic AI assistant 'Claude' arrives in Europe
CompactifAI: Extreme Compression of Large Language Models using Quantum-Inspired Tensor Networks
Enhancing Diagnostic Accuracy through Multi-Agent Conversations: Using Large Language Models to Mitigate Cognitive Bias
The market size in the AI market is projected to reach $184bn in 2024
Analyzing and Mitigating Bias for Vulnerable Classes: Towards Balanced Representation in Dataset
Introduction to NumPy
ChatGPT 4o is the Voice Assistant We Always Wanted, with Two Exceptions
Approximating Numerical Fluxes Using Fourier Neural Operators for Hyperbolic Conservation Laws
AI study sheds new light on the role of the hippocampus in learning
Introducing Python's datetime Module
RadOnc-GPT: Leveraging Meta Llama for a Pioneering Radiation Oncology Model
What's Stopping India's Semiconductor Mission
Claude is Finally Available to Users in the EU
Hijacking Context in Large Multi-modal Models
PlasmoData.jl -- A Julia Framework for Modeling and Analyzing Complex Data as Graphs
ChatGPT's new voice
Exasol Finds AI Underinvestment Leads to Business Failure, But Data Challenges Stall Rapid Adoption
Microsoft Researchers Propose DiG: Transforming Molecular Modeling with Deep Learning for Equilibrium Distribution Prediction
Why Google Can't Let Go of Golang
A Developer's Guide to Deploying Django Application Efficiently on Ubuntu with Nginx
[D] Full causal self-attention layer in O(NlogN) computation steps and O(logN) time rather than O(N^2) computation steps and O(1) time, with a big caveat, but hope for the future.
Generative AI in Marketing and Sales: A Comprehensive Review
Interpretable kNN (ikNN)
Qubrid AI Enhances Enterprise AI Development with New AI Model Studio
The Janus Interface: How Fine-Tuning in Large Language Models Amplifies the Privacy Risks
Implementing Efficient Document Fetch with Pagination in Firebase
BioHive-2 to speed up drug development by several years
Dispelling five myths and misconceptions about data monetization
Boosting Visual Recognition in Real-world Degradations via Unsupervised Feature Enhancement Module with Deep Channel Prior
How We Saved 10s of Thousands of Dollars Deploying Low Cost Open Source AI Technologies At Scale with Kubernetes
OpenAI's new ChatGPT voice assistant jokes, chides, apologizes, pretends to blush, and deals with interruptions, aided by building GPT-4o as a single model (Ina Fried/Axios)
Zapata AI welcomes Sumit Kapur as Chief Financial Officer
Spreading the gospel of Python
Top 5 Innovations in ChatGPT 4o: A Conversation with the Future
China is asking its tech giants to ditch Nvidia chips and buy local instead: report
Physics-Informed Computer Vision: A Review and Perspectives
OpenAI Unveils New Model, Widens Access to ChatGPT Tools
Advances and Challenges in Drone Detection and Classification Techniques
How to Perform Bulk Insert/Update/Upsert Actions with SQLAlchemy ORM
Breaking Down Barriers: Scaling Multimodal AI with CuMo
Nvidia PUE-PUEs datacenter efficiency ratings, calls for application-specific metrics
MDI Health Wins Best New Technology Solution for Medication Management
Jak wczy i skonfigurowa PubNub Presence
What's your favorite paper at ICLR2024? [D]
TII Releases Falcon 2 AI Model, Outperforms Meta's Llama 3
German companies are increasingly experimenting with AI tools to become more productive and efficient, but some say the gains AI promises could be years away (Nina Kienle/Wall Street Journal)
This AI Paper Presents SliCK: A Knowledge Categorization Framework for Mitigating Hallucinations in Language Models Through Structured Training
Dubai's Property Finder Raises $90 Million Debt From Francisco Partners
Researchers Caution AI Chatbot Developers About Mimicking the Dead
AI APIs
No, ChatGPT4o isn't coming for your job. Yet.
AI Copilots Help Cybersecurity Teams Manage Threats, Automate Tasks
Einride starts building 'world's largest' autonomous trucking network in Dubai
OpenAI gave Jensen Huang a shout-out at the GPT-4o launch in a nod to Nivdia's huge influence on AI
How does the Segment-Anything Model's (SAM's) encoder work?
Microsoft Researchers Introduce Syntheseus: A Machine Learning Benchmarking Python Library for End-to-End Retrosynthetic Planning
Guide to exploring data in Python
[Discussion] MICCAI 2024 decisions
64% of Indian Organisations Hit by Ransomware in the Last Year
IPhone Maker Hon Hai Misses Profit Estimates in a China Downturn
Foxconn-Backed Sharp to Halt Loss-Making Osaka Display Plant
What OpenAI did
Can (And Should) Management Dashboards Tell Stories?
Towards Sustainable Data Engineering Patterns
More and more people are choosing to use AI tools to write papers
Vidur: A Large-Scale Simulation Framework Revolutionizing LLM Deployment Through Cost Cuts and Increased Efficiency
OpenAI Unleashes GPT-4o!
ChatGPT can now talk and listen after major upgrade
India's Villages are the New Frontier for Data Centre Expansion
The limitations of model fine-tuning and RAG
The Role of Artificial Intelligence in Facial Recognition Technology
Top Books on Deep Learning and Neural Networks
Anthropics Claude 3 now available in the EU and as iOS app
HPE Delivers Second Exascale Supercomputer, Aurora
Claude is finally oficially available in Europe!
How Adobe manages AI ethics concerns while fostering creativity
Edge 395: Task Decomposition in Autonomous Agents
Soon, ChatGPT (Powered by GPT-4o) will Replace Your 'Senior Employees'
Elon Musk says OpenAI's GPT-4o reveal 'made me cringe'
Waymo's robotaxis under investigation after crashes and traffic mishaps
What to expect at Google I/O
Kevin O'Buckley to Lead Foundry Services at Intel
How to Configure PostgreSQL for Remote Connections: A Beginner's Guide
Alphabet AI Event Will Show Whether Blowout Results Were a Fluke
OpenAI's GPT-4o: The Best AI Is Now Free!
783: Generative AI for Solar Power Installation   with Navdeep Martin
Leveled Approaches to AI for Asset Management Challenges - with Aman Thind of State Street
#97: OpenAI's Big Announcement, Google's AI Roadmap, and Microsoft's New AI Model MAI-1
Live CEOing Ep 802: Design Review of BioMolecule and BioMoleculePlot3D continued
Live CEOing Ep 801: Design Review of Calculus & Algebra Features continued
Getting Started with GPT-4o API, Image Understanding, Function Calling and MORE
Let's Discover GPT-4o Use Cases (Public Challenge)
Live CEOing Ep 800: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Tabular]
18 Ways Businesses are Launching New Products with Speech AI
New Flash Chips Designed to Power AI on Smartphones
Losers (and winners) from the GPT-4o announcement
A Guide to Advanced Reporting in Google Analytics 4 for Magento Store Owners
restore postgres database in Odoo
The US and China are meeting in Switzerland today to discuss the dangers of AI
AI vs. Humanity: Who Will Come Out on Top?
Large Language Model (LLM) Training Data Is Running Out. How Close Are We To The Limit?
Korean AI Chip Startup Raises $80.5M, Increases Valuation Eightfold
AI Likely to Create More Jobs Than There are People
Anthropic's chatbot Claude finally reaches Ireland and Europe
Top 10 Must Watch OpenAI GPT-4o Demos
Elasticsearch, Kibana , Logstash ,Filebeat Nedir ?
[D] How do you get better at reading proof in the ML papers, with background in CS only?
OpenAI's ChatGPT announcement: Watch the GPT-4o reveal and demo here
Company  Sheepishly  Admits Its Employee Handbook Was Generated With ChatGPT, Doesn't Have Anti-Harassment Policy
Capture Real-Time Forex Data in Excel with Python and WebSockets!
Apple Open-Sources One Billion Parameter Language Model OpenELM
Google Cloud's Matt Renner:  Half of all AI PoCs are just a bad idea
Snowflake's Strategic Acquisition of Neeva Pays Off
Nvidia says its Blackwell GPUs offer massive power and performance gains over Hopper
GPT-4 Omni: The future of Multimodal AI
5 Transformative Ways AI is Driving the Open Finance Revolution
SoftBank Eyes Indian Data Centre Investments to Bolster AI Portfolio
Laughing, chatting, singing, GPT-4o is AI close to human, but watch out: it's really not human | Chris Stokel-Walker
OpenAI may have finally cracked the code on voice interactions with AI
Building a Parenting Assistant using Lyzr SDK
TIOBE Index News (May 2024): Why is Fortran Popular Again?
Google Moves Deepfake Porn Sites Lower in Its Search Rankings
Meta is Using Your Instagram Photos to Train its 'Amazing' AI Image Generator
Massive OpenAI Spring Update GPT-4o - Amazing New Features - All 22 Videos - RTX Super Res Upscaled
David Sacks reveals Glue, the AI company he's been teasing on his All In podcast
What Is Python's Django?
5 Free University Courses to Learn Machine Learning
Why ChatGPT feels more  intelligent  than Google Search
A.I.'s 'Her' Era Has Arrived
The Era of Synthetic Politics: Examining the Impact of AI-Generated Campaign Messages
My First README page using Markdown
React Router not working after  React app  published through GitHub actions
AI Startup Co-Founded by David Sacks Officially Launches
NVIDIA TensorRT 10.0 Upgrades Usability, Performance, and AI Model Support
Cracking the Meta Data Science Interview: 20 Questions from 2024
[D] The usefulness of the last linear layer of each transformer layer
Open Source Initiative Hits the Road to Define Open Source AI
Omri Kohl, CEO & Co-Founder of Pyramid Analytics   Interview Series
The Download: OpenAI's GPT-4o, and what's coming at Google I/O
GPT-4o delivers human-like AI interaction with text, audio, and vision integration
Using ideas from game theory to improve the reliability of language models
Stanford's VR breakthrough could spell the end of clunky headsets - thanks to AI
OpenAI Launches ChatGPT Desktop App: Enhancing Productivity for Mac Users
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) for Time Series Forecasting
StreamNative Bolsters Pulsar Data Streaming Platform with Ursa
Understanding the Hype Cycle and Organisational Trajectories
Mastering Cartography: Python's Top 4 Map-Making Libraries
Emirates, the powerhouse Middle Eastern airline, is giving staff a bonus of 20 weeks' pay after a blockbuster year
Exploring Linear Regression for Spatial Analysis.
Sorry Microsoft &mdash; for now, you'll need a Mac to use the new desktop version of ChatGPT
How to avoid N+1 query using SQL views (materialized) in Rails application
GPT-4o: Early Impressions and Insights
Share Postgresql from Windows to WSL Linux
[D] Have someone tried to implement KANs from scratch?
Is there a new Super Cycle in the making for Nvidia, courtesy of Tesla ?
Developer diary #9. Google I/O
Neural Networks and Nucleotides: AI in Genomic Manufacturing
Ilya and OpenAI are going to part ways. This is very sad to me; Ilya is easily one of the greatest minds of our generation, a guiding light of our field, and a dear friend. His brilliance and vision are well known; his warmth and compassion are less
ACM will take no action against lawyer who hosted websites that used AI to alter legitimate news stories
Engadget Podcast: The good, the bad and the AI of Google I/O 2024
Google Project Astra hands-on: Full of potential, but it's going to be a while
Google now offers 'web' search   and an AI opt-out button
Great News Project Astra is a prototype from @GoogleDeepMind
Ilya Sutskever, OpenAI co-founder and longtime chief scientist, departs
Next-Level Agents: Unlocking the Power of Dynamic Context
Understanding Dataform Terminologies And Authentication Flow
[D] GPT-4o  natively  multi-modal, what does this actually mean?
New GenAI Models On Tap from Google, OpenAI
New tool capable of comparing SLMs and LLMs finds smaller models can reduce cost
Two Weeks with LLMs: My iOS App Experiment
Google launches Firebase Genkit, a new open source framework for building AI-powered apps
Google unveils Music AI Sandbox, a suite of music tools that include the ability to create loops via text, without disclosing when it will be publicly available (Ty Pendlebury/CNET)
Google just teased AR smart glasses, and you can already see how the software works
Gemini-Powered 'Ask Photos' Brings an AI Assistant to Google Photos
Google unveils PaliGemma, announces Gemma 2
Win the world's fastest DeLorean in Google's Gemini API developer contest
Google mentioned 'AI' 120+ times during its I/O keynote
Research Survey: Productivity benefits from Databricks Assistant
Generating AWS CDK Code from Hand-drawn Sketches with GPT-4o
A Step-by-Step Guide to Strapi with Docker, PostgreSQL, and TypeScript
Here is an overview of all 5,246 AI news from Google I/O
[D] Kolmogorov Arnold Networks: A visual paper breakdown (Video)
OpenAI's Chief Scientist, Ilya Sutskever, Is Leaving the Company
OpenAI co-founder and chief scientist Ilya Sutskever announces departure
Google Executives Hint That AR Glasses Are Poised for a Comeback
Google Unveils AI Overviews Feature for Search at 2024 I/O Conference
How to sign up for Google Labs - and 5 reasons why you should
Forrester Slices and Dices the Vector Database Market
Google Search's AI Summaries Are Generally Available This Week
NVIDIA DeepStream 7.0 Milestone Release for Next-Gen Vision AI Development
9 biggest announcements at Google I/O 2024: Gemini, Search, Project Astra, and more
OpenAI Chief Scientist Ilya Sutskever Is Leaving the Company
OpenAI's Chief AI Wizard Ilya Sutskever Is Leaving the Company
Web-Instruct's Instruction Tuning for MAmmoTH2 and MAmmoTH2-Plus Models: The Power of Web-Mined Data in Enhancing Large Language Models
AWS CEO Steps Down and OpenAI Updates Its AI Model | Bloomberg Technology
Ilya Sutskever says he will leave OpenAI to work on a  personally meaningful  project; Director of Research Jakub Pachocki will become OpenAI's chief scientist (CNBC)
Google adds 'Web' search filter for showing old-school text links as AI rolls out
Google adds AI-crafted summaries to search. Could that impact web traffic?
Google's Gmail of the future looks incredible
OpenAI chief scientist Ilya Sutskever is officially leaving
MambaOut: Do We Really Need Mamba for Vision?
Google Unveils Open Vision Language Model, PaliGemma
Google I/O: 'Ask Photos' Will Make it Easier to Dig Through Your Google Photos
Scottish AI startup cofounded by Meta alum raises 6m to build GenAI apps for business
Google Makes AI Helpful for Everyone, Not Just for Him or Her
Google teases the return of Google Glass in Project Astra demo
Google takes on GPT-4o with Project Astra, an AI agent that understands dynamics of the world
Automate code refactoring with {xmlparsedata} and {brio}
Research team works to improve AI-based decision-making tools for public services
Q&A: The increasing difficulty of detecting AI- versus human-generated text
Google is building its Gemini Nano AI model into Chrome on the desktop
Everything announced at Google I/O 2024 including Gemini AI, Project Astra, Android 15 and more
Ilya Sutskever Quits OpenAI
David Sacks reveals Glue, an employee chat app designed around topic-based threads and embedded GenAI models, and opens a waitlist for companies to sign up (Marina Temkin/TechCrunch)
Google's new LearnLM AI model focuses on education
[D] Is BERT still relevant in 2024 for an EMNLP submission?
I danced with Project Astra, Google's experimental new AI agent. Here's what happened.
Machine Learning for newbies
Google Photos is getting a major Gemini AI feature called 'Ask Photos'
Accenture Appoints Arnab Chakraborty as its First Chief Responsible AI Officer
People Are Selling AI Clones of Dead Relatives for Just $150
OpenAI cofounder Ilya Sutskever is leaving the company 6 months after the failed Sam Altman ouster
The Graduate School Guidebook   How I funded (most of) my Master's degree!
Google IO: Agents is The Future - Demos
Stephen Wolfram Readings: Why Does Biological Evolution Work?
Let's Review the Best GPT-4o Use Cases (Public Challenge)
Google co-founder on the ideal form factor for AI hardware (and his Google Glass regrets)
GM'S Cruise Pays More Than $8 Million in Robotaxi Settlement
Quick note on HTML and CSS
Generative AI Clash: OpenAI's Emotional AI vs. Google's Enhanced Search
[R]  Matryoshka representation learning (MRL) for CLIP (& SigLip)
IMF boss warns of AI 'tsunami' coming for world's jobs
Photographer of the Future? Artists Make AI Pictures Using Their Mind
UAE unveils new AI model to rival big tech giants
Towards Top-Down Reasoning: An Explainable Multi-Agent Approach for Visual Question Answering
Google's AI Agent that can See, Hear & Speak
Google I/O Highlights: Firebase Genkit
The Morning After: The biggest news from Google's I/O keynote
Why Making Computer Chips Has Become Such a Big Deal
NASA Appoints Agency's First AI Officer
We have to stop ignoring AI's hallucination problem
Co-Founder and AI Pioneer Ilya Sutskever leaves OpenAI
What is a Chief AI Officer, and how do you become one?
Your Daily Tasks, Delivered: ChatGPT and Todoist Integration
Sources: Neuralink's disclosure last week that tiny wires inside its first patient's brain had pulled out of position is an issue it has known about for years (Rachael Levy/Reuters)
Creating a Professional CV in HTML: A Comprehensive Guide
OpenAI's official ChatGPT app for MacOS is here, and you can download it right now
State Derivative Normalization for Continuous-Time Deep Neural Networks
Google I/O's AI avalanche
AWS's new CEO started as an intern: Faces slowing growth, AI battle
Feature Engineering for Time-Series Using PySpark on Databricks
OpenAI veterans Ilya Sutskever and Jan Leike resign
Google's 'Astra' Marks the Beginning of Autonomous AI Agents
Are We Ready for AI That Sounds Like a Person?
Leveraging AI: Advanced Tools and Integrations for Enhancing SaaS Products
Chief Scientist Ilya Sutskever leaves OpenAI six months after Altman ouster
Como utilizar o Apache2 - WSL2
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's compensation increases 60%, now 18th richest person in the world
Google thinks AI can Google better than you can
Data Science for Value Chain Management
SONIC: Sonar Image Correspondence using Pose Supervised Learning for Imaging Sonars
Smart AI applications urgently require smarter AI security solutions
TAnet: A New Temporal Attention Network for EEG-based Auditory Spatial Attention Decoding with a Short Decision Window
SDP-SSP-Compose-Multiplatform
I Went Undercover as a Secret OnlyFans Chatter. It Wasn't Pretty
[R] The Platonic Representation Hypothesis
Forget Sora: Veo is Google's most advanced text-to-video generator
Primacy Effect of ChatGPT
Aurora Supercomputer Ranks Fastest for AI
LLMs 'for all official EU languages' on horizon for Finnish startup
JPMorgan Trading Clients Are Buying Commodities on AI Build-Out
Inside OpenAI's Library
Biomedical knowledge graph-optimized prompt generation for large language models
7 Game-Changing Effects of Generative AI on Advertising and Marketing
OpenAI loses its biggest names in AI safety as Ilya Sutskever and Jan Leike walk away
LanceDB, which counts Midjourney as a customer, is building databases for multimodal AI
Autonomous Navigation for Aerial Vehicles at Night
Understanding Long RoPE in LLMs
Jeff Bezos appears worried that Amazon is falling behind in the AI race
CheXmask: a large-scale dataset of anatomical segmentation masks for multi-center chest x-ray images
My very first SAAS product
10 Python Packages Revolutionizing Data Science Workflow
Como instalar o Lamp Server no Ubuntu 22.04 - WSL2
Senators Propose $32 Billion in Annual A.I. Spending but Defer Regulation
Bodhi Computing Acquisition Signals Ola's Shift to RISC-V to Make Chips for Krutrim AI Cloud
Are Models Trained on Indian Legal Data Fair?
Why Spec Coder is the Best Alternative to GitHub Copilot
Measurement-driven neural-network training for integrated magnetic tunnel junction arrays
The Download: Google's new AI agent, and our tech pessimism bias
OpenAI chases Her
AI Program Aims to Break Barriers for Female Students
'There's A Lot Of Noise'   VCs Trying To Find Clarity In Cluttered Cyber AI Landscape
DataSP: A Differentiable All-to-All Shortest Path Machine Learning Algorithm to Facilitate Learning Latent Costs from Trajectories
Deadspin's New Owners Reveal Their Plans: Betting Content but No AI
Google releases Project IDX, its next-gen AI-centric browser-based IDE, in open beta, and says that 100,000+ developers tried the service in invite-only phase (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
The Best Strategies for Fine-Tuning Large Language Models
Google Search is Not Going Anywhere Anytime Soon; It's Here to Stay!
[D] Those in the industry, how are you using open source LLMs?
Berlin-based trawa raises  10M to use AI to make buying renewable energy easier for SMEs
Viruses are doing mysterious things everywhere   AI can help researchers understand what they're up to in the oceans and in your gut
20+ Projects you can build with AI TODAY
HTML to WYSIWYG: A guide in 2024
What is ChatGPT? Here's everything you need to know about ChatGPT, the chatbot everyone's still talking about
The arrival of AI search bodes ill for everyone who relied on web search to have their business discovered, or their blog post read, or their journalism funded (Casey Newton/Platformer)
LLMs Can't Save The Old Internet; But They Can Create A New One
Silicon Valley Is Searching for Its Piece of the AI Action
Frontier Holds Top Supercomputer Spot, Aurora Closes in on AI Power
AI models like GPT-4o could give some blue-collar jobs a leg-up and force white-collar workers to adapt
Intercom to create 75 new jobs in 'aggressive' AI push
Soket AI Labs Partners with Google Cloud to Boost Pragna-1B Model
These are the top 50 best-led companies, according to employee reviews
Google's call-scanning AI could dial up censorship by default, privacy experts warn
Decoding Complexity with Transformers: Researchers from Anthropic Propose a Novel Mathematical Framework for Simplifying Transformer Models
Dapper mappings, which is best?
What does having a long context window mean for an AI model?
For self-driving cars, the free ride is over
Earn vs. Learn: Solving a Fishing Inspired Multi-Armed Bandit Problem
I'm doing my PhD and helped develop a ChatGPT tool for chemistry. It provides information on molecular compounds and chemical reactions, with external access to over 100 million compounds (making ChatGPT more reliable). It still needs work, but it's
How to PyCon
UK government launches AI cybersecurity codes of practice
Don't Sleep on Your Database Infrastructure When Building Large Language Models or Generative AI
An elite hedge fund bought 1 million GameStop shares before the meme stock's 400% surge
A2Hosting Review   The Most Feature-packed Webhost Yet?
Microsoft at CHI 2024: Innovations in human-centered design
Optimizing the supply chain with a data lakehouse
'Noise' in the machine: Human differences in judgment lead to problems for AI
An AI agent may soon be at your beck and call, but it might cost you a bit of your privacy
Unlock Innovative Problem-Solving Skills with Creative Computation
Microsoft's AI Push Imperils Climate Goal as Carbon Emissions Jump 30%
SQL Server's Secret Feature   Run Python and Add-Ons Natively In SQL Server.
OpenAI overtakes Google in race to build the future, but who wants it?
3 Reasons Data Engineers Should Embrace Apache Iceberg
Testing in Node.js: Mocha and Chai
Google takes aim at Android malware with an AI-powered live threat detection service
Android 15 will make it harder for phone thieves to steal your data
Building and Evaluating Classification Models to Predict Customer Churn with Tidymodels
A Guide to Model Composition
5 Best Vulnerability Assessment Scanning Tools (May 2024)
ElevenLabs Launches AI-Voiced Screen Reader App
Tamagotchi collectors rejoice: Bandai is finally rereleasing a beloved model from 2004
Why 'Multimodal AI' Is the Hottest Thing in Tech Right Now
Chuck Schumer is dropping the ball on regulating AI
The top AI announcements from Google I/O
During Huge Demo, Google's AI Provides Idiotic Advice About Photography That Would Destroy Film
Apple to bring eye tracking to iPhones for accessibility
Anthropic hires Instagram and Artifact co-founder Mike Krieger as its chief product officer, after the startup released an iOS app for its Claude chatbot (David Pierce/The Verge)
The Multimodal Marvel: Exploring GPT-4o's Cutting-Edge Capabilities
Senate unveils $32 billion roadmap for regulating AI
Building a Tic-Tac-Toe Game in Python: A Step-by-Step Guide
Unveiling GPT-4: A Leap Forward in AI-Language Models
Google I/O 2024: AI Innovations and Developer Tools
The Easiest Way of Running Llama 3 Locally
Pairwise Evaluations with LangSmith
The first Assassin's Creed Shadows trailer shows off dual samurai / ninja action
Android's new Theft Detection Lock helps deter smartphone snatch and grabs
The Data Revolution: AI Takes the Wheel
Google announces a threat detection capability coming to Android that uses on-device AI to spot malware, analyzing apps' use of permissions and services (Sarah Perez/TechCrunch)
Google TV to launch AI-generated movie descriptions
Optimized Infinite Scroll with Next.js 14 Server Actions and React Query
Goldman Tech Guru Says AI Spurring 'Revenge of the Liberal Arts'
Cross product of transpose of matrix in R
Google ushers in the  Gemini era  with AI advancements
OpenAI Rival Anthropic Taps Instagram Co-Founder as Product Head
Apple's new accessibility features let you control an iPhone or iPad with your eyes
Animal-brain-inspired AI game changer for autonomous robots
This subtle (but useful) AI feature was my favorite Google I/O 2024 announcement
One Year of Consistent Kaggling: What Did It Teach Me?
Quoting Arvind Narayanan
From GUI to CLI: Transforming my query workflow with usql and jq
Generative AI Helps Google Redefine Search, Google I/O 2024
London-based PolyAI, which makes AI voice assistants for call centres, raised $50M led by Hedosophia, with money from Nvidia and others, at a $500M+ valuation (Stephanie Stacey/Financial Times)
[Discussion] What are SOTA Uncertainty Quantification Methods for Neural Networks?
Microsoft Researchers Introduce MatterSim: A Deep-Learning Model for Materials Under Real-World Conditions
OpenAI co-founder who had key role in attempted firing of Sam Altman departs
GPT-4o: sneak peak at Llama 3 400B and the Age of Loneliness...
Google's Brand-New Gemini AI Confidently Gives Wrong Camera Advice
[R] LLM4ED: Large Language Models for Automatic Equation Discovery
Defog AI Introduces LLama-3-based SQLCoder-8B: A State-of-the-Art AI Model for Generating SQL Queries from Natural Language
Will Linux Land You a Job?
The Top ODSC East 2024 Virtual Sessions to Watch for Free
From Cards to Clouds: A Family Tree of Developer Tools
Facilitating Opinion Diversity through Hybrid NLP Approaches
Word Alignment as Preference for Machine Translation
New Textual Corpora for Serbian Language Modeling
I demoed Google's Project Astra and it felt like the future of generative AI (until it didn't)
Symmetric vs. asymmetric encryption: Practical Python examples
HumanRankEval: Automatic Evaluation of LMs as Conversational Assistants
Day 1   Get the latest programmer humor meme
A beginner's dilemma
Sensitivity Decouple Learning for Image Compression Artifacts Reduction
Beyond Flesch-Kincaid: Prompt-based Metrics Improve Difficulty Classification of Educational Texts
Polarimetric Light Transport Analysis for Specular Inter-reflection
Source: Stability AI has talked to at least one potential buyer in recent weeks about a sale; it lost $30M+ in Q1 and owes ~$100M to cloud providers and others (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Towards Truly Zero-shot Compositional Visual Reasoning with LLMs as Programmers
CoFiI2P: Coarse-to-Fine Correspondences for Image-to-Point Cloud Registration
Waymo, the self-driving car company owned by Google's parent, Alphabet: How to ride, cost, accident record
Time-Equivariant Contrastive Learning for Degenerative Disease Progression in Retinal OCT
Streamlit Supports 5 Important Data Visualization Libraries   Which to Choose?
SqueezeSAM: User friendly mobile interactive segmentation
Xmodel-VLM: A Simple Baseline for Multimodal Vision Language Model
Google I/O 2024: all the news from the developer conference
Google has an idea to prevent phone scams, but it'll mean allowing its AI to listen in on your calls
Deep Blur Multi-Model (DeepBlurMM) -- a strategy to mitigate the impact of image blur on deep learning model performance in histopathology image analysis
LLM-Assisted Rule Based Machine Translation for Low/No-Resource Languages
Comparing the Efficacy of GPT-4 and Chat-GPT in Mental Health Care: A Blind Assessment of Large Language Models for Psychological Support
MMFusion: Multi-modality Diffusion Model for Lymph Node Metastasis Diagnosis in Esophageal Cancer
Compressive Feature Selection for Remote Visual Multi-Task Inference
Fourier Boundary Features Network with Wider Catchers for Glass Segmentation
Classifying geospatial objects from multiview aerial imagery using semantic meshes
FALCON: Fairness Learning via Contrastive Attention Approach to Continual Semantic Scene Understanding
Meta's Imagine Flash: Pioneering Ultra-Fast and High-Fidelity Images Generation Within 3 Steps
Real-World Federated Learning in Radiology: Hurdles to overcome and Benefits to gain
Coding in Cipher: Encrypted Data Structures and Algorithms
[D] ACL 2024 Decisions
Vision-Based Neurosurgical Guidance: Unsupervised Localization and Camera-Pose Prediction
Transforming gradient-based techniques into interpretable methods
Tesla Must Face Suit Alleging Buyers Were Misled About Autopilot
Create a super fast AI assistant with Groq (Without a database)
Microsoft's carbon emissions grew 29.1% from 2020 to 2023, as its push to be the global leader in AI puts its goal to be carbon negative by 2030 in peril (Bloomberg)
Do language models capture implied discourse meanings? An investigation with exhaustivity implicatures of Korean morphology
CtxMIM: Context-Enhanced Masked Image Modeling for Remote Sensing Image Understanding
A safety realignment framework via subspace-oriented model fusion for large language models
Microsoft's AI obsession is jeopardizing its climate ambitions
Can Sana's AI really reason? Yes, says founder Joel Hellermark
Senate study proposes 'at least' $32B yearly for AI programs
How Does Google Treat AI Content?
SARATR-X: A Foundation Model for Synthetic Aperture Radar Images Target Recognition
Sign of the Times: Evaluating the use of Large Language Models for Idiomaticity Detection
Tackling Fake News in Bengali: Unraveling the Impact of Summarization vs. Augmentation on Pre-trained Language Models
BEHAVIOR Vision Suite: Customizable Dataset Generation via Simulation
Content-Based Image Retrieval for Multi-Class Volumetric Radiology Images: A Benchmark Study
Application of Gated Recurrent Units for CT Trajectory Optimization
Progressive Depth Decoupling and Modulating for Flexible Depth Completion
Perception- and Fidelity-aware Reduced-Reference Super-Resolution Image Quality Assessment
[Discussion] Are there any LLM model or approach that answers questions by fetching latest information from internet?
[P] New KANs paper just dropped: Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) for Time Series Analysis
Prompting-based Synthetic Data Generation for Few-Shot Question Answering
nnSAM: Plug-and-play Segment Anything Model Improves nnUNet Performance
Matching domain experts by training from scratch on domain knowledge
Gaze-DETR: Using Expert Gaze to Reduce False Positives in Vulvovaginal Candidiasis Screening
Tell Me Why: Explainable Public Health Fact-Checking with Large Language Models
Density-Guided Dense Pseudo Label Selection For Semi-supervised Oriented Object Detection
Beyond Turing: A Comparative Analysis of Approaches for Detecting Machine-Generated Text
Google still hasn't fixed Gemini's biased image generator
Kid-Whisper: Towards Bridging the Performance Gap in Automatic Speech Recognition for Children VS. Adults
DeCoDEx: Confounder Detector Guidance for Improved Diffusion-based Counterfactual Explanations
CMU Researchers Propose MOMENT: A Family of Open-Source Machine Learning Foundation Models for General-Purpose Time Series Analysis
3D Human Pose Perception from Egocentric Stereo Videos
Color Space Learning for Cross-Color Person Re-Identification
Bird by Bird using Finite Automata
Google unveils LearnLM, bringing generative AI to the classroom
As large as it gets: Learning infinitely large Filters via Neural Implicit Functions in the Fourier Domain
ParaNames 1.0: Creating an Entity Name Corpus for 400+ Languages using Wikidata
30+ AI Tools For Startups in 2024
Generative AI can transform customer experiences. But only if you focus on other areas first
Identity Overlap Between Face Recognition Train/Test Data: Causing Optimistic Bias in Accuracy Measurement
Dance Any Beat: Blending Beats with Visuals in Dance Video Generation
Frank McCourt Preps US TikTok Bid, Google's New AI Moves | Bloomberg Technology
Large Language Model Bias Mitigation from the Perspective of Knowledge Editing
The Crossover of Health, Technology and Art: CodeNewbie Podcast S27E6
ChatQA: Surpassing GPT-4 on Conversational QA and RAG
In the first high-level AI talks in Geneva, the US raised concerns about China's  misuse of AI  while China chided the US over  restrictions and pressure  on AI (Associated Press)
Detail Reinforcement Diffusion Model: Augmentation Fine-Grained Visual Categorization in Few-Shot Conditions
Cross-view Action Recognition Understanding From Exocentric to Egocentric Perspective
QueryNER: Segmentation of E-commerce Queries
Revisiting Context Aggregation for Image Matting
Generative Image Dynamics
MVBIND: Self-Supervised Music Recommendation For Videos Via Embedding Space Binding
A Survey On Text-to-3D Contents Generation In The Wild
A Japanese-Chinese Parallel Corpus Using Crowdsourcing for Web Mining
Flexible image analysis for law enforcement agencies with deep neural networks to determine: where, who and what
Global-Local Image Perceptual Score (GLIPS): Evaluating Photorealistic Quality of AI-Generated Images
DC just got serious about taking on China in the AI arms race
PolygloToxicityPrompts: Multilingual Evaluation of Neural Toxic Degeneration in Large Language Models
Databricks Is a Glassdoor Best-Led Company in 2024
Researchers from MIT and Harvard University Work on Enhancing AI Integrity: The Urgent Need for Standardized Data Provenance Frameworks
Large coordinate kernel attention network for lightweight image super-resolution
AI in Radiology Sparks Concerns About Job Replacement Amid Limitations and Skepticism
Adobe Launches Acrobat AI Assistant for Enterprise
DOJ Cracks Down on AI-Driven Election Interference
Quoting Richard Schneeman
Fujifilm's medium-frame GFX 100S II is lighter, cheaper and AI-enhanced
6 Things Announced at Google I/O, One That Mattered A Lot, and One Mystery
Source: Microsoft is asking about 700 to 800 employees involved in its China-based AI and cloud computing operations to consider relocating to other countries (Wall Street Journal)
[P] jaxsplat: 3D Gaussian Splatting for JAX
An interview with Apple's Greg Joswiak and John Ternus on the new iPad lineup, the M4 chip, why the iPad and Mac both matter, the iPad as an  AI PC , and more (Harry McCracken/Fast Company)
SambaNova Systems Enhances Modular AI Deployment through Composition of Experts on the SambaNova SN40L Platform
The Ultimate Guide to Project Time Management
[D] What's up with papers without code?
How to Get Your First Job in 8 Steps: Leveraging the Power of an AI Cover Letter
Ionic loader, without clicking event (loading.dismiss())
XGen-MM: A Series of Large Multimodal Models (LMMS) Developed by Salesforce Al Research
Building Safe Communities with AI-powered Content Moderation
50 Best Websites for Free HTML Templates
[R] Fully neuromorphic vision and control for autonomous drone flight
Stability AI reportedly runs out of money and in negotiations to sell
Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger joins OpenAI rival Anthropic
Involta is now ark data centers
Bengaluru is the San Francisco of the East
Google's AI Gemini, formerly Bard: How the generative AI chatbot works, how to access and use it
InRule Brings Together AI Decisioning Leaders at InRule Interact 2024
Unitree Robotics introduces G1 Humanoid agent AI avatar
PostgreSQL on steroids - how to ace your database configuration
Inline SVG Icons in Your Rails App
Sloan's Inbox: Can I make a career off of WordPress? Should I?
92% of Indian Knowledge Workers Embrace AI at Work: Microsoft & LinkedIn Report
Same AI + Different Deployment Plans = Different Ethics
Aleph Alpha selects Cerebras to Build Next-Gen Sovereign AI Models
SkyServe's STORM Ushers in  Smartphone Moment  for Satellite Imaging
Hitachi Vantara & Veeam Partner to Provide Data Protection for Hybrid Cloud Environments
Indian Government to Procure 10,000 GPUs Within Next 18 Months
OpenAI Needs Apple, Badly!
Softbank commits to AI customer service
Baidu Revenue Growth Slows as China Economy Overshadows AI Push
Surgeons can use AI chatbot to tell robots to help with suturing
ElevenLabs quietly launches ElevenLabs Reader: AI Audio, its first consumer app to read web pages, PDFs and other documents aloud in 11 different voices (Ashley Carman/Bloomberg)
Google's AI updates could spark chaos for web creators &mdash; and be a death blow for some startups
Top AI Tools for 'Film Directors and Producers'
SQL at 50: What's next for the structured query language?
Neuralink knew years ago that wires from its brain chip could retract and cause it to malfunction, report says
KPMG's CEO Poll: Labor Markets, 4-Day Workweeks, and GenAI
What's up with ChatGPT's new sexy persona? | Arwa Mahdawi
Machine learning enhances monitoring of threatened marbled murrelet
Neuralink's First Patient: 'It Blows My Mind So Much'
Intel Says that India Doesn't Need Big GPUs
Eye On AI: Huge AI Valuation Jumps Are Here Again
Testing experimental browser features on Linux - Is Linux supported?
Announcing my new Django package: django-admin-export! #packaging #python #django
Rafay announces New PaaS Capabilities for GPU-based Workloads
How to get hired: Insights from an Engineering Manager
5 Reasons to Make Power BI Your First Choice as a Data Science Student
Global Survey Shows 72% of Consumers Worry about Being Fooled by Deepfakes on Daily Basis
Creating a GPT Guide for Next.js App Router course
Shiny for Python Shinylive: How to Run Shiny for Python Apps Without a Python Server
Jobseekers and recruiters are all using AI. It's chaos.
GenAI improvements bring back the promise of truly useful digital assistants
Putin wouldn't have invaded Ukraine when he did if he'd had AI tools, says Anduril founder Palmer Luckey
Transform Your Career with Praxis's Top-Ranked PGP in Data Science with Generative AI and ML
Senate hearing: US DNI Avril Haines says foreign adversaries will again seek to influence the upcoming elections, harnessing AI to spread disinformation (Associated Press)
Microsoft reportedly tells hundreds of AI and cloud staff to consider leaving China
OpenAI is making a risky bet on live translation
OpenAI and Google Focus Chatbots on Speed as AI Hype Fades
Generative AI in Pharma   Accelerating Drug Discovery
Top Data Engineering Service Providers   PeMa Quadrant 2024
Edge 396: Inside Ferrett-UI: One of Apple's First Attempts to Unlock Multimodal LLMs for Mobile Devices
Maven Is a New Social Network That Eliminates Followers and Hopefully Stress
Organizing your project and daily work
OpenAI co-founder officially leaves
Hugging Face Unveils LeRobot, an Open-Source Machine Learning Model for Robotics
Outer Excuses: Why JavaScript Developers Should Learn SQL
Meet the Child Prodigy from India Who Helped Build OpenAI's GPT-4o
Your angry complaints to call centers may soon be soothed by AI
Spoor uses AI to save birds from wind turbines
The Download: rapid DNA analysis for disasters, and supercharged AI assistants
How New Science Fiction Could Help Us Improve AI
ARM Gets in the AI Chips Race
Building MLOps Capabilities at GitLab As a One-Person ML Platform Team
A profile of Noland Arbaugh, who was paralyzed after an accident in mid-2016 and became the first person to receive Neuralink's brain implant in January 2024 (Ashlee Vance/Bloomberg)
Scale Your Social Channels With This $50 App
OpenAI Hires Google Veteran to Build  'Google Search Alternative'
Intel is Bullish on India with its Xeon Processors
How AI Turned a Ukrainian YouTuber into a Russian
Conscious usage of TCA: Making trade analytics more actionable
Sigma is building a suite of collaborative data analytics tools
Why product engineering is 'not just about building software'
Automating Accessibility
Wait, this Agent can Scrape ANYTHING?!  - Build universal web scraping agent
Monthly Roundup: Llama 3, Agents, Evaluation Metrics, Cyc, TikTok, and more
Prompt to UI with #gpt4o  and Databutton AI   #aiagents #aiapps  #chatgpt #appbuilding
The Evolution and Impact of AI on Journalism
Foundational Embeddings for Transfer Learning in RecSys // Sanket Gupta // #232
Building AI Products across Multiple Domains: Commonalities & Non-Commonalities // Dhruv Ghulati
Google Search is Changing: Game-Changing AI Features are here
Opportunities and Challenges of Self-Hosting LLMs // Meryem Arik // AI in Production Conference
Put Your GPT Agents in Action!
7 Use Cases for GPT-4o
Productionizing AI: How to Think From the End // Annie Condon // AI in Production Conference
An #ai Stethoscope?
TURBO outperforms GPT-4o in Reasoning  #gpt4o
Google Unveils Next-Gen Video, Image, Music Models at Google I/O 2024
New Falcon AI Model: A Small Yet Powerful Challenger to Meta's Llama 3
Cisco's Splunk Acquisition Should Help Security Pros See Threats Sooner in Australia and New Zealand
Google AI Introduces PaliGemma: A New Family of Vision Language Models
L&T Technology Services Trains 3,000 Engineers in GenAI
Feature Engineering for Beginners
YC-backed Recall.ai gets $10M Series A to help companies use virtual meeting data
Briefing: Gmail's new powers, DuoLingo Max boost, a new Slack alternative
[P] Needle in a Needlestack (NIAN)
Hugging Face, which is  profitable, or close to profitable , commits $10M in free shared GPUs to help small developers, academics, and others create AI apps (Kylie Robison/The Verge)
Publishers Horrified at New Google AI Feature That Could Kill What's Left of Journalism
Harmonics of Learning: A Mathematical Theory for the Rise of Fourier Features in Learning Systems Like Neural Networks
Intro to DSPy: Simple Ideas To Improve Your RAG
Poshmark's 'Promoted Closet' tool lets sellers boost all their listings at once
What's Your Story: Jacki O'Neill
[R] Pretraining a byte-level 0.67B transformer on a single A100
How Open Source and Time Series Data Fit Together
AI-Native with Idan Gazit   The future of AI products and interfaces
Microsoft asks staff in China to relocate amid escalating Washington-Beijing tech tensions
Microsoft Invests $4B in French AI, Cloud Infrastructure Expansion
Apple Shares Are Back to Winning Ways as AI Optimism Builds
GPT-4o has a few tricks up its sleeve that OpenAI hasn't talked about
The rise of the 'augmented' startup founder
FireCoder: Don't leave IDE for searching, just ask codegemma LLM in your VSCode.
AI Poses Threat to Presidential Election Warns FBI, Department of Justice
Exploring Natural Sorting in Python
Hugging Face is sharing $10 million worth of compute to help beat the big AI companies
GitHub Copilot and the Endangered Code Monkey
Benchmark backs one-year-old AI legaltech Leya in $10.5m seed round
New Benchmark Lets Businesses Test Language Model Document Handling Skills
Open Source Initiative tries to define Open Source AI
Will Artificial Intelligence Replace Programmers?
Rollercoaster for UK AI scene as PolyAI bags $50M while Stability AI mulls sale
Meet Gemini Education: Three ways Google is equipping students and educators with AI
Researchers build AI-driven sarcasm detector
IMF head warns AI  tsunami  could impact 6 out of 10 jobs in advanced economies
Open-Source Models, Temperature Scaling, Re-Ranking, and More: Don't Miss Our Latest LLM Must-Reads
Sarcasm, notoriously difficult to interpret, demystified by multimodal approach
Today in AI - May 16, 2024
Senators Urge 32 Billion Investment in AI Development and Safeguards
Google AI Search Engine Sparks Concerns Among News Publishers
US and China Engage in First Ever Dialogue on Artificial Intelligence
2. Data Exploration Simplified: Guide to Driverless AI Prep
UAE Unveils Revolutionary AI Model GPT-4o with Human-Like Conversation Speed
NASA Appoints First Chief AI Officer to Lead Agency's AI Programs
AI Call Scanning Tech Sparks Censorship Concerns
AI Data Centers to Rival New US Solar Farms in Energy Consumption
Americans Fear AI Will Distort 2024 Election by Manipulating Voters
States Lead Charge on AI Regulation
Foreign Actors Use AI to Influence US Election Process
Supercomputer Powers AI Breakthrough for Nuclear Power Industry
Delft University Drone Flies Autonomously with Animal Brain Inspired Tech
Revisiting OPRO: The Limitations of Small-Scale LLMs as Optimizers
Turkronicles: Diachronic Resources for the Fast Evolving Turkish Language
TSMC's 42% Stock Surge Leads to Weighting Limits for Some Funds
StyloAI: Distinguishing AI-Generated Content with Stylometric Analysis
PACE: Improving Prompt with Actor-Critic Editing for Large Language Model
A Systematic Evaluation of Large Language Models for Natural Language Generation Tasks
Capturing Perspectives of Crowdsourced Annotators in Subjective Learning Tasks
SciQAG: A Framework for Auto-Generated Scientific Question Answering Dataset with Fine-grained Evaluation
Exploring LLMs for ICD Coding   Part 1
TransMI: A Framework to Create Strong Baselines from Multilingual Pretrained Language Models for Transliterated Data
Mirror-Aware Neural Humans
SCI 3.0: A Web-based Schema Curation Interface for Graphical Event Representations
Unsupervised Extractive Dialogue Summarization in Hyperdimensional Space
Time Zones in DolphinDB
AI is leading to the 'revenge of the liberal arts,' says a Goldman tech exec with a history degree
Region of Interest Detection in Melanocytic Skin Tumor Whole Slide Images -- Nevus & Melanoma
Keep It Private: Unsupervised Privatization of Online Text
Instagram co-founder joins OpenAI competitor Anthropic
[D] Are PyTorch high-level frameworks worth using?
Sources: Snowflake is in talks to acquire Reka AI, which builds LLMs for businesses, for over $1B; report: Reka was valued at ~$300M in a 2023 funding round (Bloomberg)
Escaping the sentence-level paradigm in machine translation
Building Knowledge-Grounded Dialogue Systems with Graph-Based Semantic Modeling
Many Hands Make Light Work: Task-Oriented Dialogue System with Module-Based Mixture-of-Experts
Red Teaming Language Models for Contradictory Dialogues
Mesh Neural Cellular Automata
Newspaper conglomerate Gannett is adding AI-generated summaries to the top of its articles
Chameleon: Mixed-Modal Early-Fusion Foundation Models
BrepGen: A B-rep Generative Diffusion Model with Structured Latent Geometry
Timeline-based Sentence Decomposition with In-Context Learning for Temporal Fact Extraction
Simulating Policy Impacts: Developing a Generative Scenario Writing Method to Evaluate the Perceived Effects of Regulation
Microsoft Build is next week - here's why I'm excited (and you should be, too)
OpenAI says ChatGPT can now directly import files from Google Drive and Microsoft OneDrive, available to Plus, Team, and Enterprise users (Carl Franzen/VentureBeat)
OpenAI, Reddit Sign Partnership on ChatGPT, AI Products, Ads
Hierarchical Attention Graph for Scientific Document Summarization in Global and Local Level
TIGER-Lab Introduces MMLU-Pro Dataset for Comprehensive Benchmarking of Large Language Models' Capabilities and Performance
[D] Seminal papers list since 2018 that will be considered cannon in the future
Strava taps AI to weed out leaderboard cheats; unveils 'family' plan, dark mode and more
Semiconductors on the Data Intelligence Platform
Reddit Partners with OpenAI to Bring AI-Powered Features
PL-MTEB: Polish Massive Text Embedding Benchmark
Efficient Data-Driven MPC for Demand Response of Commercial Buildings
Unveiling the Potential of Large Language Models: Enhancing Feedback Generation in Computing Education
Histopathology Foundation Models Enable Accurate Ovarian Cancer Subtype Classification
LFED: A Literary Fiction Evaluation Dataset for Large Language Models
Illumination Histogram Consistency Metric for Quantitative Assessment of Video Sequences
OverflowAI and the holy grail of search
How to Get Promoted in Data Science
Ann Arbor-based Voxel51, which is developing a visual AI platform to reduce the failure rate of AI projects, raised a $30M Series B led by Bessemer (Ken Yeung/VentureBeat)
Google's Gemini AI plan for schools promises extra data protection and privacy
MrRegNet: Multi-resolution Mask Guided Convolutional Neural Network for Medical Image Registration with Large Deformations
ALBA: Adaptive Language-based Assessments for Mental Health
IGOT: Information Gain Optimized Tokenizer on Domain Adaptive Pretraining
Retrieval-Augmented Egocentric Video Captioning
Lack of AI Is Reducing India Software Stocks' Heft as Tech Bets
MarkLLM: An Open-Source Toolkit for LLM Watermarking
Hunt Takes Hare : Theming Games Through Game-Word Vector Translation
BEIR-PL: Zero Shot Information Retrieval Benchmark for the Polish Language
OpenAI inks deal to train AI on Reddit data
On the relevance of pre-neural approaches in natural language processing pedagogy
ChatGPT Brings Data to Life With Interactive Charts and Tables Directly from Google Drive and Microsoft OneDrive
Mitigating Text Toxicity with Counterfactual Generation
Should agentic conversational AI change how we think about ethics? Characterising an interactional ethics centred on respect
SecureLLM: Using Compositionality to Build Provably Secure Language Models for Private, Sensitive, and Secret Data
STAR: A Benchmark for Situated Reasoning in Real-World Videos
Enhancing Semantics in Multimodal Chain of Thought via Soft Negative Sampling
Reddit announces another big data-sharing AI deal &mdash; this time with OpenAI
Red-Teaming for Generative AI: Silver Bullet or Security Theater?
This AI Research from Stanford and UC Berkeley Discusses How ChatGPT's Behavior is Changing Over Time
MagicBrush: A Manually Annotated Dataset for Instruction-Guided Image Editing
DEBATE: Devil's Advocate-Based Assessment and Text Evaluation
Optimizing MySQL Database Performance: Identifying and Managing Long Queries
U.K.'s AI Safety Institute Launches Open-Source Testing Platform
AI Search Startup Adds Veterans of Google, Bing as Advisers
The ChatGPT desktop app is more helpful than I expected - here's why and how to try it
FinTextQA: A Dataset for Long-form Financial Question Answering
Sam Altman throws shade at Google's 'aesthetic'
PCLMix: Weakly Supervised Medical Image Segmentation via Pixel-Level Contrastive Learning and Dynamic Mix Augmentation
Enhancing Small Medical Learners with Privacy-preserving Contextual Prompting
Geo-Localization Based on Dynamically Weighted Factor-Graph
Building a Luganda Text-to-Speech Model From Crowdsourced Data
Words as Trigger Points in Social Media Discussions
Enhancing Saliency Prediction in Monitoring Tasks: The Role of Visual Highlights
Tompkins Robotics announces Transcend Robotics Execution Platform
CPsyExam: A Chinese Benchmark for Evaluating Psychology using Examinations
GPT-4 passes Turing test and humans surprisingly often mistake other humans for AI
Optimization Techniques for Sentiment Analysis Based on LLM (GPT-3)
Fully Automated OCT-based Tissue Screening System
Speaker Verification in Agent-Generated Conversations
[D] Real chances to be accepted in NeurIPS 2024 - Other conferences
Semantic Gesticulator: Semantics-Aware Co-Speech Gesture Synthesis
Unified Stream and Batch Processing of WorldQuant 101 Alphas in DolphinDB
An Analysis of Sentential Neighbors in Implicit Discourse Relation Prediction
After Stack Overflow, OpenAI Partners with Reddit
Distilling Implicit Multimodal Knowledge into LLMs for Zero-Resource Dialogue Generation
Can AI turn us all into Warren Buffet?
A Foundation Model for Brain Lesion Segmentation with Mixture of Modality Experts
Patient-Specific Real-Time Segmentation in Trackerless Brain Ultrasound
The Essential Guide to Graph Theory: From an 18th Century Riddle to Artificial Intelligence.
Microsoft's custom Cobalt chips will come to Azure next week
Reddit's deal with OpenAI will plug its posts into 'ChatGPT and new products'
Solar multi-object multi-frame blind deconvolution with a spatially variant convolution neural emulator
Unlocking Valuable Data and Model Insights with Python Packages Yellowbrick and PiML (with Code)
Best Practices for AIML Product UX
How to run any LLM model with Hugging-Face
IBM and Tech Mahindra unveil new era of trustworthy AI with watsonx
Elasticsearc,Kibana ve Metricbeat Aralar Kullanarak Metrik Toplama
The Importance of Collaboration in Data
How to Evaluate Your Predictions
Backpropagation Through Time   How RNNs Learn
I built a reusable dashboard for Read the Docs traffic analytics using Vizro
M-Files Enhances GenAI & M-Files Connector for Co-Pilot to boost user value
OpenAI and Reddit team up to bring more data to ChatGPT
This AI Paper by Toyota Research Institute Introduces SUPRA: Enhancing Transformer Efficiency with Recurrent Neural Networks
Create an Interactive Map to Display Time Series of Satellite Imagery
Hive With Api
OpenAI Chief Scientist Sutskever Steps Down, Pachocki Takes the Helm
Why Ollama is Good for Running LLMs on Computer
The Rise of AI in Web Design: 5 Game-Changing Ways AI is Revolutionizing the Industry
Automating LAMP Stack Deployment Using a Bash Script on an Ubuntu Server
Consistency Large Language Models (CLLMs): A New Family of LLMs Specialized for the Jacobi Decoding Method for Latency Reduction
Kunal Shah Says 'GPT Makes Him 10x More Efficient in Sharing Ideas with the Team'
Manifold expands Leadership Team Following Series A Funding
Create SVG Images using HTML Tags and Attributes!
KPMG to create 200 jobs from new EU AI Hub in Dublin
Sony Music warns AI companies over the use of its songs
The Proof of Learning in Machine Learning/AI
From portal pranks to chatbot chaos, here's why fun tech projects designed to connect us end in tears
10 Free Courses to Build AI Agents in 2024
Reddit gives OpenAI access to its wealth of posts
OpenAI and Reddit become partners, ChatGPT gets new data analysis
BlackRock's COO said he gave his staff a memo written by ChatGPT and they couldn't tell AI wrote it
Feature Engineering for Machine Learning
No Label Left Behind: Alternative Encodings for Hierarchical Categoricals
What to expect from Microsoft Build 2024: The Surface event, Windows 11 and AI
Is generative AI bringing back private clouds?
Build a WhatsApp ChatGPT-powered AI chatbot for your business
Presentation: Streaming Databases: Embracing the Convergence of Stream Processing and Databases
Enhance Login Page Design For Flatlogic Applications
Control your iPhone using AI-eyes
The rise of intelligent automation as a strategic differentiator
NuMind Releases Three SOTA NER Models that Outperform Similar-Sized Foundation Models in the Few-shot Regime and Competing with Much Larger LLMs
Casper Labs CEO to Join IBM Think Keynote on Scaling the Impact of AI
Build a simple RAG chatbot with LangChain...
Elon Musk says Neuralink is looking for a 2nd participant for its brain implant
Sam Altman says he can't go out to eat in public anymore in San Francisco: 'It's a strangely isolating way to live'
new to code
Indian Companies are Good at Copying Ideas Generated Elsewhere
Best 10 + AI Tools for HR   Flatlogic List
OpenAI's Flirty New Assistant, Google Guts the Web and We Play HatGPT
The Easiest Way to Run Llama 3 Locally
Announcing the 2024 Browser Conference
Deploying Machine Learning Models at Scale: Strategies for Efficient Production
Best 10 + AI Tools for Cybersecurity   Flatlogic List
Phidata: An AI Framework for Building Autonomous Assistants with Long-Term Memory, Contextual Knowledge and the Ability to Take Actions Using Function Calling
Sony Music gives deadline to more than 700 AI companies over unlicensed training data
AgentClinic: Simulating Clinical Environments for Assessing Language Models in Healthcare
How ordinary people can seize the opportunity of AI writing
Artifacts Log 1: Announcement, Llama 3 fine-tunes, SOTA reward model, human prompt datasets...
[P] Real Time Emotion Classification with FER-2013 dataset
5 Cybersecurity Tips for Data Warehousing
OpenAI researcher resigns, claiming safety has taken 'a backseat to shiny products'
Rockset Announces Native Support for Hybrid Search to Power AI Apps
OpenAI's former AI alignment head slams company's lack of safety priorities and processes
Reflections on Qualtrics X4: AI-powered Research Is Promising If We Stick To The Research Basics
Willson Cross, CEO & Co-Founder of Borderless AI   Interview Series
How to use ActionCable with async requests in a Ruby on Rails web app
ORBIT-Surgical uses Nvidia's physics simulation and ray tracing to train surgical robots
Your Reddit posts will now help train ChatGPT - what we know so far
Rafay's PaaS Now Supports GPU Workloads for AI/ML in the Cloud
[Week of 5/13] LangChain Release Notes
Nextworld introduces native AI, test automation in latest release
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of May 17th
CoreWeave debt deal with investment firms raises $7.5B for AI datacenter startup
Introduction to Database Connectivity with SQLite
Enhancing the Apparel Shopping Experience with AI, Emoji-Aware OCR, and Snapchat's Screenshop
QorusDocs' QPilot Transforms RFP and Proposal Development
Surface Pro 10 for Business review: A safe upgrade for IT workers
The OpenAI team tasked with protecting humanity is no more
CoreWeave Raises $7.5B In Debt For AI Push
OpenAI's Long-Term AI Risk Team Has Disbanded
OpenAI's entire Superalignment team, which was focused on the existential dangers of AI, has either resigned or been absorbed into other research groups (Will Knight/Wired)
Please help me why even after almost 400 applications, using referrals as well, I am not been able to land a single Interview?
How to use ChatGPT effectively
A new lease on life for old laptops
OpenAI Reportedly Dissolves Its Existential AI Risk Team
Fostering Trust: How Interactive AI Builds Trust Between Doctors and AI Diagnostics
Why chess super computers do not excite me, but LLMs do
Sources: Microsoft plans to add the latest installment of Call of Duty to Xbox Game Pass at launch this fall, a major shakeup of its video game sales strategy (Sarah E. Needleman/Wall Street Journal)
I prompted AI to summarize Google's 45-page book about how to write the best AI prompts. Here are the key takeaways.
AI may cause job losses and rise in carbon emissions, report finds
Yuck: Slack has been scanning your messages to train its AI models
OpenAI Releases Generative AI Search Experience on ChatGPT
OpenAI created a team to control 'superintelligent' AI  then let it wither, source says
OpenAI just dissolved its team dedicated to managing AI risks, like the possibility of it 'going rogue'
BrushNet: Plug and Play Image Inpainting with Dual Branch Diffusion
Former Tesla AI Lead Launches Robotics Company Alongside Ex-Cruise CEO
How Does ChatGPT 'Think'? Psychology and Neuroscience Crack Open AI Large Language Models
US Fears China's Rise in AI Could Dominate Global Economy and Politics
ChatGPT will put your data into interactive tables and charts with GPT-4o
Hugging Face to make $10M worth of old Nvidia GPUs freely available to AI devs
Microsoft dodges UK antitrust scrutiny over its Mistral AI stake
Q&A: Model disgorgement the key to fixing AI bias and copyright infringement?
Microsoft escapes CMA investigation over Mistral AI partnership
Microsoft's Mistral AI Pact Avoids UK Antitrust Scrutiny
OpenAI Dissolves High-Profile Safety Team After Chief Scientist Sutskever's Exit
Abu Dhabi's $302 Billion Fund Deepens AI and Private Credit Push
Top AI Tools for Real Estate Agents
Unveiling the Control Panel: Key Parameters Shaping LLM Outputs
How and Why You Should Use Type Casting in Python
Use LLMs in Java. An example with Merlinite, Quarkus, and Podman Desktop AI Lab
Single-tap passkeys are coming to Android 15
Slack confirms it is training some of its AI-powered features, but not its generative AI tool, on user content and uploads, with all users opted-in by default (Kate Irwin/PCMag)
Training Localized Multilingual LLMs with NVIDIA NeMo, Part 1
Create a dictionary from other dictionaries in Python
US Officials Warn China Over Potential AI Misuse
9 out of 10 UK Business Leaders Suffer From Tech Anxiety That Disrupts Their Sleep, BT Study Finds
EU warns Microsoft to give Bing AI risk data or face fines
Meta's Chameleon AI model blends text and images, hinting at a future GPT-4o rival
Slack under attack over sneaky AI training policy
USA Today Using AI to Generate Parts of Articles, Leaked Memo Shows
UK watchdog decides not to investigate Microsoft's AI partnership with France's Mistral
Training Localized Multilingual LLMs with NVIDIA NeMo, Part 2
Split screen left , right and bottom . But bottom should be moved to left side.
We Live in an Era Where it's Easy to Build but Difficult to Figure Out What to Build
ChatGPT lets users upload from Google Drive and OneDrive directly
HydePHP - According to GPT-4o
[D] How are subspace embeddings different from basic dimensionality reduction?
Singapore Data Platform Raises $105M, Revenue Surges Sevenfold
OpenAI has an unusual, extremely restrictive off-boarding agreement with a lifelong nondisparagement commitment; those who don't sign it lose all vested equity (Kelsey Piper/Vox)
Researchers Use AI to Boost Metalens Camera Image Quality
Slack users horrified to discover messages used for AI training
Sony doesn't want companies to use its music to train generative AI algorithms
Has Codeium Cracked the Code for AI Assistants?
Newsletter #36: Latest Speech-to-text Model Benchmarks
Ex-OpenAI exec calls out Sam Altman for choosing 'shiny products' over AI safety
I conducted this interview with the late Daniel Dennett in Morocco. Some of his final thoughts on Mortality, the Mind, AI and how he enjoyed Life while among us. RIP
Exotec recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 Company for 2024
Introducing Pieces Copilot+, now with Live Context
Explainer: What is Regression?
AI Chatbots Are Promising but Limited in Promoting Healthy Behavior Change
Get ChatGPT Equivalent in Under 5 Minutes with Ollama & Open WebUI
OpenAI partners with Reddit to put users' posts in ChatGPT
Commit: Add a shared credentials relationship from twitter.com to x.com
Startups Weekly: It's the dawning of the age of AI   plus,  Musk is raging against the machine
Quoting Kelsey Piper
[D] Machine Learning Engineers, what portion of your work is focused on deployment pipelines vs. model building/tuning?
Underfitting and Overfitting Concepts in Machine Learning
Geek+, BlueSkye Automation to bring customers smart warehouse solutions
JLL enhances data center capabilities with strategic acquisition
Applied Materials' Results, OpenAI-Reddit Partnership | Bloomberg Technology
Reddit goes AI agnostic, signs data training deal with OpenAI
Updating data product with worst results
Python Day 12: Django or Flask
Security news weekly round-up - 17 May 2024
OpenAI will use Reddit posts to train ChatGPT under new deal
[ptbr] Consumir Funes do PostGIS direto do Python
GPT-4o's Chinese token-training data is polluted by spam and porn websites
BeatSyncSolution: Origin Story
Microsoft's Surface AI event: news, rumors, and lots of Qualcomm laptops
Physicists propose path to faster, more flexible robots
BNY Mellon CEO Robin Vince Touts AI in Future Growth Push
The Internet, That Friend I Used to Know
Understand errors and warnings better with Gemini
The best AI search engines of 2024: Google, Perplexity, and more
ChatGpt4o Data Analysis - How to stay ahead and add value
Accolades for OpenAI's GPT-4o Are Rising
PostgreSQL Cheat Sheet
When you need all of the Data Science Things
AI-Enabled Development: A Week in Tweets
Quoting Patrick Reynolds
Weekly Updates - May 17, 2024
Some researchers say GPT-4o's Chinese token-training data is polluted by spam and porn websites, likely due to inadequate data cleaning (Zeyi Yang/MIT Technology Review)
AI customer service assistant to help teams in  state of emergency  times
Python Multithreading: Unlocking Concurrency for Better Performance
Exploring the Power of AI Video Summarization
This AI Research from Google DeepMind Explores the Performance Gap between Online and Offline Methods for AI Alignment
PaliGemma: A lightweight open vision-language model (VLM)
SpeechVerse: A Multimodal AI Framework that Enables LLMs to Follow Natural Language Instructions for Performing Diverse Speech-Processing Tasks
Microsoft's Emissions and Water Use Shoot Up as It Goes All in on AI Datacenters
Google DeepMind releases its Frontier Safety Framework, a set of protocols for analyzing and mitigating future risks posed by advanced AI models (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
How to watch the Microsoft Build 2024 keynote live on May 21
Multi AI Agent Systems using OpenAI's new GPT-4o Model
FREE AI WEBINAR from our Partners: 'How to Build Local LLM Apps with Ollama & SingleStore for Max Security' [May 20, 2024 | 10:00am PDT]
Cmo crear una base de datos de PostgreSQL en Mac?
Exciting New Methods for Efficient Fine-Tuning of LLMs using PEFT (BOFT, VeRA, and PiSSA)
A look at an ISIS-affiliated media program called News Harvest, which is using AI-generated news anchors to disseminate extremist propaganda quickly and cheaply (Pranshu Verma/Washington Post)
Researchers from Cerebras & Neural Magic Introduce Sparse Llama: The First Production LLM based on Llama at 70% Sparsity
Data visualizations and web apps: just learn another language
Marina Hyde on Russell Brand's baptism; plus 'deepfake' cheerleaders: the woman wrongly accused over a viral video   podcast
The Palantir-sponsored AI Expo for National Competitiveness featured VR headsets for soldiers, a map tool that can  nominate targets of interest , and more (Caroline Haskins/The Guardian)
A former OpenAI leader says safety has 'taken a backseat to shiny products' at the AI company
[R] 1:10 Radio Controlled Car autonomous driving
Positive or Negative in R
GPT-4o Math Demo With the API
Common Causes of Data Leakage and how to Spot Them
Please Make this AI Less Accurate
The Ethical Implications of AI in the Travel Industry
Sam Altman has found himself using GPT-4o in a 'surprisingly cool' way while working
Senior SWE locking down a project
OpenAI putting 'shiny products' above safety, says departing researcher
Um Guia prtico para iniciantes em ChatGPT
Are GPTs Good Embedding Models
Exploring Data Mapping as a Search Problem
OpenAI disbands team devoted to artificial intelligence risks
The Physics Behind Data
Warren Buffett warned AI is like the atomic bomb, but this expert thinks he's being way too gloomy
Top paid skills in data science in 2024?
The Magnificent 7 companies are worth a combined $14 trillion &mdash; here's how much their CEOs make
k8s kops
Slack has been siphoning user data to train AI models, enrolling you automatically
VCs and the military are fueling self-driving startups that don't need roads
Training AI on stereotypical facial expressions is bound to mislead because scientific evidence indicates that there are no universal expressions of emotion (Lisa Feldman Barrett/Wall Street Journal)
De4py: Advanced python reverse engineering
Decoding Time: Unraveling the Power of LSTM vs. N-BEATS for Accurate Time Series Forecasting
Robots and AI are being used to help women get pregnant. Is this the future of IVF?
DALL-E 4 could be much better than DALL-E 3
Google's just demoed its multimodal Gemini Live feature, and I'm worried for Rabbit and Humane
Reviving the Classics: Why Convolutional Models Still Shine in the Age of Transformers.
EU threatens Microsoft with billion-dollar fine over generative AI misinformation in Bing
I created an Open Source Custom Code Editor
Gentoo and NetBSD ban 'AI' code, but Debian doesn't   yet
Six ways to eliminate the unhelpful  AI Overviews  in Google search results
OpenAI's AI safety teams lost at least seven researchers in recent months
OpenAI Brings Generative AI Search Experience to ChatGPT
Palmer Luckey Says It's a 'Certainty' That Future AI Will Kill Innocent People
Streamline SSO Access to AWS Redshift Query Editor with Okta and Terraform
Model Explorer: A Powerful Graph Visualization Tool that Helps One Understand, Debug, and Optimize Machine Learning Models
FinTech Studios Launches Apollo PRO and RegLens PRO Market Intelligence and Regulatory Intelligence Apps Powered with Conversational Generative AI
This Week in AI: OpenAI moves away from safety
Building an AI-Powered Bible Chat App: A Technical Journey with Gemini AI SDK and Flutter
As the AI world gathers in Seoul, can an accelerating industry balance progress against safety?
How does ChatGPT generate human-like text?
After Spending Years Relentlessly Chasing Fame, Sam Altman Complains That He's Getting Recognized in Public Too Much
[P] GPT-Burn: A simple & concise implementation of the GPT in pure Rust
Understanding Indexing and Slicing in NumPy Arrays
PostgreSQL Aggregate Expressions
We asked ChatGPT to be a juror in Donald Trump's hush-money trial. It said it would find him guilty.
Understanding BBC News Q&A with Advanced RAG and Microsoft Phi3
Oficial! Gemini Google AI Dart/Flutter SDK  Integrando Flutter com o GEMINI
How to get quick access to Gemini AI on Linux with this GNOME desktop extension
Transposed Weight Matrices in TensorFlow
Is OpenAI sweating? 9 Google features announced for Gemini, Search, Android, and more
Use local AI Models easily for Development and Experimentation
Reviewing Code With GPT-4o, OpenAI's New 'Omni' LLM
New AI headphone prototype filters out noise, focuses on voices
01.AI Introduces Yi-1.5-34B Model: An Upgraded Version of Yi with a High-Quality Corpus of 500B Tokens and Fine-Tuned on 3M Diverse Fine-Tuning Samples
GPT-4 vs. GPT-4o: Key Updates and Comparative Analysis
How to Install MongoDB Locally on a MacBook
Managing Data with SQL: CRUD Operations Made Simple
Your Google Search results are about to look very different. Here are 4 reasons why
Linux pip install problems
Exploring Causality with Python. Synthetic Control Group.
Keras 3.0 Tutorial: End-to-End Deep Learning Project Guide
Bad Times for Perplexity AI Begins
[N] ICML 2024 Workshop on making discrete operations differentiable
Type Hinting and Annotations in Python: Improving Code Readability and Understanding
ISIS Affiliates Using AI to Generate Propaganda Promoting Terrorism
Artificial General Intelligence        ? When Will We Achieve AGI?
Creating JARVIS - Your Voice Assistant with Memory
70% of Solar Projects Fail. Now AI Can Fix This.
#187 Mohamed Elgendy: Systematic Testing for Generative AI Models with Kolena
Back-End Engineer vs Data Scientist: Who's Needed More?
Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 145]
Basics of Statistics
VectorShift: Create GPT-4o AI Agents with a Drag-and-Drop UI!
[R] Robust agents learn causal world models
Generative AI News Rundown - A Deep Dive Into ChatGPT-4o, Gemini Upgrades and Intrigue & More
Leveraging AI to Supercharge Your Marketing Efforts
What happened to OpenAI's long-term AI risk team?
AI counter app from my PyCon US keynote
[R] Grounding DINO 1.5 Release: the most capable open-set detection model
Gemini 1.5 Pro is now the most capable LLM on the market, according to Google's benchmarks
Optimize your Django Application with Asynchronous tasks and Django-Q
AI 'godfather' Geoffrey Hinton says he's 'very worried' about AI taking jobs and has advised the British government to adopt a universal basic income
With AI startups booming, nap pods and Silicon Valley hustle culture are back
Struggling on where to plug Python into my workflow
OpenAI Employees Forced to Sign NDA Preventing Them From Ever Criticizing Company
Tell me about older individual contributors
[D] Library for named entity recognition
OpenAI created a team to control 'superintelligent' AI   then let it wither, source says
Rider 2024.1: New Monitoring Tool Window, Collection Vizualizer, .NET Aspire, AI Assistant Plugin
Exploring the Magic of Python's Random Module
Pedro Thermo Similarity vs Levenshtain/ OSA/ Jaro/ ..
Open Interpreter Quick Setup Guide
[R] Do Llamas Work in English? On the Latent Language of Multilingual Transformers
OpenAI and Google lay out their competing AI visions
Despite some skeptics claiming that AI is an industry-wide delusion, last week's demos from OpenAI and Google show that the rate of AI progress is not slowing (Steven Levy/Wired)
[D] Foundational Time Series Models Overrated?
This modder proves everything's better with a GBA SP screen attached
WSJ post: AI and Law Professor's Search for Rare Recordings Resurrects Voices of Landmark Segregation Case
Sam Altman says he is embarrassed that there was a provision about potential equity cancellation in exit docs, and OpenAI never took back anyone's vested equity (Sam Altman/@sama)
[project] YOLOv8 quantized in INT8
Researchers are working on sophisticated robots that use AI to converse and play games with people suffering from cognitive disorders like dementia (Cassandra Willyard/MIT Technology Review)
Three Ways to Include Images in Your ggplots
Hi, I am somewhat capable with a computer, is there an easy enough way to set up computer vision at my car wash shop to count customers? bonus point if I also get the type of vehicles
GPT 4o - Deep Dive Review - AGI? - ChatGPT massive improvements
Apple Needs to Evolve to Compete in the Artificial Intelligence Era
[P] N-way-attention
Langchain: Data Protection
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) Explained:
MySQL to BigQuery Migration (Syntax & Other Conversions)
AI-Generated News Anchors Used to Spread Disinformation and Propaganda
Enhanced Security for Enterprises: Google Launches Google Threat Intelligence
Machine Learning Revolutionizes Path Loss Modeling with Simplified Features
A look at UK-based Faculty, which has been awarded UK government contracts for AI safety work without competition, raising questions about its political links (Politico)
Google's brief smart glasses teaser flew under the radar, but it could mean something big
Fast groq-hosted LLMs vs browser jank
Elements or something
We asked ChatGPT to analyze Mark Zuckerberg's style. Here's what it said.
Rio: WebApps in pure Python. No JavaScript, HTML and CSS needed!
Day 3 of Machine Learning
Python  argparse  library
Cmo desplegar y monitorear aplicaciones web en Azure con Terraform: Gua paso a paso
Spam, junk . slop? The latest wave of AI behind the 'zombie internet'
Extract certain rows of data set in R
This AI Paper from Stanford University Evaluates the Performance of Multimodal Foundation Models Scaling from Few-Shot to Many-Shot-In-Context Learning ICL
Viral TikToks helped Hyundai and Kia dominate the list of America's most stolen cars
Decoding Emotions in Abstract Art: Cognitive Plausibility of CLIP in Recognizing Color-Emotion Associations
How China is using AI news anchors to spread its propaganda on social media; Microsoft: some AI anchors were created using ByteDance's video editing app CapCut (The Guardian)
Researchers from Columbia University and Databricks Conducted a Comparative Study of LoRA and Full Finetuning in Large Language Models
A profile of Shoichiro Irimajiri, one of Japan's most admired business leaders who, as a Sega executive, saved Nvidia in the 1990s with a $5M investment (Ben Cohen/Wall Street Journal)
AI Can Prevent Climate Change Crises
Google remains focused on its long quest for your eyeballs
6 Techniques to Reduce Hallucinations in LLMs
Reading Beyond the Hype: Some Observations About OpenAI and Google's Announcements
Open AI Dissolves Superalignment Team Amid Concerns Over Safety and Societal Impact
[D] Is it possible to train ViTMAE with Hyperspectral Satellite Images?
Quickly Communicate Your Entire Codebase to Any LLM with This VS Code Extension
Enhancing Graph Classification with Edge-Node Attention-based Differentiable Pooling and Multi-Distance Graph Neural Networks GNNs
3 ways Gemini Advanced beats other AI assistants, according to Google
Google, OpenAI New AI Agents Shift Focus to Consumers
Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) Explained: A Superior Alternative to MLPs
Setting Up MySQL Database in Python
Day 4 of Machine Learning|| Exploratory Data Analysis Part 1
Uber Migrates 1 Trillion Records from DynamoDB to LedgerStore to Save $6 Million Annually
95 Theses on AI Safety
The AI assistants are getting better fast
[D] Mamba Convergence speed
Planning Architectures for Autonomous Robotics
Small Language Models (SLMs) in Enterprise: A Focused Approach to AI
AI Overviews  are a prime example of Google's double standards
Culture secretary Lucy Frazer says the UK is working on rules around the use of creative work for training AI after media and arts executives voiced concerns (Daniel Thomas/Financial Times)
Do I need to know How to write algorithms from scratch if I want to be a good data scientist ?
A Plea for Sober AI
Machine Learning vs. Deep Learning: What's the Difference?
SOFTS: Efficient Multivariate Time Series Forecasting with Series-Core Fusion
AI makes us dumber?
Thinking of how we should follow AI.
What is Veo? Meet Google's next-gen AI video creator, powered by Imagen 3
Google co-founder on the future of AI wearables (and his Google Glass regrets)
Why neural networks struggle with the Game of Life
OpenAI wipes out its super AI safety team
In-Context Learning: EXTREME vs Fine-Tuning, RAG
AI Powered Framework Rapidly Maps Phase Diagrams for Novel Physical Systems
learning javaScript: i built a robots.txt generator
Google AI Described New Machine Learning Methods for Generating Differentially Private Synthetic Data
Open AI Partners with Reddit to Advance Chat GPT Technology
US Harnesses Artificial Intelligence to Transform Modern Warfare
Data Machina #253
This AI Paper Introduces Rational Transfer Function: Advancing Sequence Modeling with FFT Techniques
Como exportar um CSV com dados dos meus posts no DEV.to usando sua API
ChatPlayground AI
Course Launch: Generative AI for Data Scientists in 11 Days!
AI coding startup Replit, which raised $220M+ and was last valued at $1B, lays off 30 employees, or 20% of its staff, and pivots to enterprise sales (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Chinese firms are selling  AI-in-a-box  products for companies to run on premises; Huawei estimates the Chinese market for such machines will hit ~$2.3B in 2024 (Financial Times)
User Evaluation AI
Do you have both a ML engineer and a MLOps engineer on your team? If so, how do they differ in their responsibilities and do you find the partnership between the two roles successful?
Locating a smaller image within larger one
ALPINE: Autoregressive Learning for Planning in Networks
Better Help using AI to write articles? Random article based on a Vocaloid song completely out of context.
The Rise of Doppelgangers: How Face Similarity Algorithms are Changing the Game
Hollywood agency CAA aims to help stars manage their own AI likenesses
HTTP/HTTPS Communication Protocol
A Complete Guide to BERT with Code
A look at Meta's AI strategy, which is a bet that open sourcing the tech will drive down competitors' prices and spread Meta's version of AI more broadly (Wall Street Journal)
Among AI infrastructure hopefuls, Qualcomm has become an unlikely ally
How LLMs are trained? A simple guide to understand LLM Training
Sources: Apple and OpenAI are preparing a major announcement of their partnership at WWDC; the new AirTag with a better chip is scheduled to arrive by mid-2025 (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Snapchat's Spiegel Shifts Focus to AI After Reviving Ad Business
[D] Culture of Recycling Old Conference Submissions in ML
Django (Python) Introduction
Can we rid artificial intelligence of bias?
[D] How Do You Efficiently Conduct Ablation Studies in Machine Learning?
My first cpp game ?!
Update v1.2 of the  Little Book of Deep Learning.  Minor changes + a new chapter on low-resource LLMs (Quantization, LoRAs, model merging)
How to Structure an HTML Document Correctly
Generating Map Tiles with Rust
Apple and OpenAI plan major announcement at WWDC
Minimizing the Mean Square Error: Bayesian approach: Part 1 (a)
Knowledge Series #35: How does automated testing work?
[D] How did OpenAI go from doing exciting research to a big-tech-like company?
Took a couple years off to travel and do personal projects, while contracting for about 10 months total. What are the best ways to go about finding employment again in this market?
Sam Altman Clearly Freaked Out by Reaction to News of OpenAI Silencing Former Employees
How to Setup a Multi-GPU Linux Machine for Deep Learning in 2024
Google Launches Gemini 1.5 Flash for Lower-Latency and More Efficient AI Serving
Yes, you still need old-school NLP skills in  the age of ChatGPT
The Two Documents Every Data Scientist Must Write Before Taking Interviews
Cracking GPT Assistants: Extracting Prompts and Associated Files
AI Digital Divide Crisis: Why Should You Care?
This AI Paper from Huawei Introduces a Theoretical Framework Focused on the Memorization Process and Performance Dynamics of Transformer-based Language Models (LMs)
[D] Does DSPy actually change the LM weights?
Launching Your Astro Powered Blog on a Journey to Couchbase
OpenAPI (Swagger docs) integration with serverless framework | Node.js Express.js Typescript
ChatGPT is now better than ever at faking human emotion and behavior
PyCon US: Simon Willison on Hacking LLMs for Fun and Profit
NumFOCUS DISCOVER Cookbook: Minimal Measures
Day 01
Multimodal AI from First Principles - Most fundamental approaches [D]
How Artificial Intelligence Detects Child Abuse (And Why It's Hard To)
LWiAI Podcast #167 - GPT-4o, Project Astra, Veo, OpenAI Departues, Interview with Andrey
Turning your relational database into a graph database
The Remote Revolution: How Work-from-Home is Reshaping Our Lives and Economy
Python Object Interning
Sam Altman is 'embarrassed' that OpenAI threatened to revoke equity if exiting employees wouldn't sign an NDA
Machine Learning Researcher Links OpenAI to Drug-Fueled Sex Parties
create a menu fade animation with JavaScript
Mastering Python for Data Analysis: A Comprehensive Guide
UK to Push Firms on Safety in AI Models at Seoul Summit
UK opens office in San Francisco to tackle AI risk
Any Thoughts on a 1.58 Bit YOLOv5?
AI vs Software Engineers
Microsoft, Meta, Google and others pitch smaller language models that are cheaper to build and train, to lower costs and hardware requirements for generative AI (Financial Times)
AI chatbots' safeguards can be easily bypassed, say UK researchers
[D] Are LLM observability tools really used in startups and companies?
Fine Tuning Phi 1.5 using QLoRA
TRANSMI: A Machine Learning Framework to Create Baseline Models Adapted for Transliterated Data from Existing Multilingual Pretrained Language Models mPLMs without Any Training
Enhancing LLMs through RAG Knowledge Integration
Introducing Databricks Assistant Autocomplete
A look at Overland AI, Potential, and other startups developing off-road self-driving systems, including for military operations, underground mining, and more (Rebecca Bellan/TechCrunch)
Generate synthetic images to train your CV model. Feedback appreciated! Just need a 3D asset and then you set ranges for it to be randomly placed. 1000 images free (actually infinite because Stripe is in test mode lol) www.easydatagen.com
Deep Dive on Accumulated Local Effect Plots (ALEs) with Python
Tesseract OCR - Poor Performance?
CinePile: A Novel Dataset and Benchmark Specifically Designed for Authentic Long-Form Video Understanding
Java News Roundup: OpenJDK Updates, Piranha Cloud, Spring Data 2024.0.0, GlassFish, Micrometer
Trino & Iceberg Made Easy: A Ready-to-Use Playground
Rename all files and directories in the current folder
GSM8K Will Make AI Hate Humanity
[P] Simplified PyTorch Implementation of AlphaFold 3
The 'dead internet theory' makes eerie claims about an AI-run web. The truth is more sinister
Artificial Intelligence is not as bad as you think, you're just not reading allat
Anatomically aware dual-hop learning for pulmonary embolism detection in CT pulmonary angiograms
Are AI companies shifting to small language models?
Congratulations to the #ICRA2024 best paper winners
TikTok Parent ByteDance Now Has China's Most Popular AI Chatbot
Amazon-Backed Anthropic Launches Chatbot Claude in Europe
Podcast: Deepthi Sigireddi on Distributed Database Architecture in the Cloud Native Era
More OpenAI chaos puts Sam Altman on the back foot
Quick Guide to PostgreSQL's MVCC
[R] What is the state-of-art of model parallelism ?
How to learn a programming language using AI
Ethical, trust and skill barriers hold back generative AI progress in EMEA
Embracing the Potential of Data: Beyond the 'New Oil' Metaphor
Understanding set orientation from the comparison between SQL and Java, and what are the advantages of SQL over Java?
OpenAI to Pull Johansson Soundalike Sky's Voice From ChatGPT
Uncertainty estimates for semantic segmentation: providing enhanced reliability for automated motor claims handling
Variational Mode Decomposition-Based Nonstationary Coherent Structure Analysis for Spatiotemporal Data
This AI Paper Discusses How Latent Diffusion Models Improve Music Decoding from Brain Waves
LLM Fine-Tuning Workshop: Improve Linguistic Skills
Temporal Knowledge Question Answering via Abstract Reasoning Induction
OpenAI dissolves AI safety team
Furthr secures New York deal to boost start-up opportunities
What can we conclude from the State of HTML 2023 survey results?
Tesla must face fraud suit for claiming its cars could fully drive themselves
Differentially private projection-depth-based medians
PREGO: online mistake detection in PRocedural EGOcentric videos
Trace Labs joins NVIDIA Inception to advance Verifiable Internet for AI
AEC warns it doesn't have power to deter AI-generated political misinformation at next election
Newsrooms still looking for the right use cases for generative AI, AP study finds
Revealed: Meta approved political ads in India that incited violence
Large Language Models can Contrastively Refine their Generation for Better Sentence Representation Learning
South Korea, Britain host AI summit with safety top of agenda
OpenAI pauses the use of the Sky voice in ChatGPT after users said it sounded too much like Scarlett Johansson, says voice was not chosen to be an  imitation  (Amy Thomson/Bloomberg)
[Cloudforet] Enable Azure Billing Plugin
Indian Voters Are Being Bombarded With Millions of Deepfakes. Political Candidates Approve
Understanding NumPy: Datatypes, Memory Storage, and Structured Arrays.
The Morning After: What to expect from Microsoft Build 2024
Bypassing the Safety Training of Open-Source LLMs with Priming Attacks
What's the Best Way to Spend $20/Month to Experiment With AI?
How to Use Flask, a Lightweight Python Framework
OpenAI removes AI voice that supposedly sounds like Scarlett Johansson
Slack privacy furore: Company updates legals, says no customer data used to train genAI.
OpenAI pulls ChatGPT's 'Sky' voice after users compared it with Scarlett Johansson
Astronomers are enlisting AI to prepare for a data downpour
Top AI Tools for Genomics, Drug Discovery, And Machine Learning
[D] What role do you think machine learning will play in fields like computational biology and bioinformatics in the coming years?
7 OCaml Gotchas
6 Indian Generative AI Platforms for Recruiters and HR Professionals
Looking ahead to the AI Seoul Summit
RAGTruth: A Hallucination Corpus for Developing Trustworthy Retrieval-Augmented Language Models
Bisheng: An Open-Source LLM DevOps Platform Revolutionizing LLM Application Development
Indian IT is Training a GenAI Workforce to Eventually Replace Them With AI
DXC Technology and Ferrovial to Co-create New Gen AI Platform
A Guide to Powerful Python Enumerations
day 2
Bill Gates thinks you should read this new book to get smarter on how AI will transform education
5 Indian Generative AI Platforms for Recruiters and HR Professionals
MicroPython Testbed for Federated Learning Algorithms (MPT-FLA) Framework Advancing Federated Learning at the Edge
Slack tweaks its principles in response to user outrage at AI slurping
Let's build a simple MLOps workflow on AWS! #1 - ML model preperation
Google DeepMind Introduces the Frontier Safety Framework: A Set of Protocols Designed to Identify & Mitigate Potential Harms Related to Future AI Systems
OpenAI gets defensive after losing top safety researchers
Getvisibility: Using AI to help companies keep their data secure
TII Releases Falcon 2-11B: The First AI Model of the Falcon 2 Family Trained on 5.5T Tokens with a Vision Language Model
Kutzler Express, Netradyne for Driver Safety & Customer Satisfaction
How to Use ChatGPT on macOS: Installation and Access Solutions
What Is Artificial Intelligence? Types, Benefits, Career Options
Companies invest up to 293% more in AI applications, according to financial platform
A look at Snap's shift towards investing aggressively in AI and AR after revamping its ad business, as it tries to adapt to changing social media habits (Alex Barinka/Bloomberg)
Neuralink gets US FDA approval to implant its brain chip in a second person; source: FDA signed off on proposed fixes like embedding wires deeper into the brain (Rolfe Winkler/Wall Street Journal)
Meet Codiumate - Your coding Agent
GV announces Cooperation with Top 500 Company in China
How Nvidia co-founder Curtis Priem is trying to make New York a quantum computing hub, including putting a quantum computer at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (Jimmy Vielkind/Wall Street Journal)
AI to Help You Understand This Indian Classical Dance
Astera Labs Extends Interoperability Leadership for PCIe 6.x Deployment
Bird Flu Makes Raw Milk Riskier and Geomagnetic Storms Cause Colorful Skies
Godfather of AI Geoffrey Hinton says universal basic income needed in face of AI-related job losses
14 Best Machine Learning & AI Newsletters List (May 2024)
AI Startup Aims to Revolutionize Workplace Communication
Feature-Adaptive and Data-Scalable In-Context Learning
Unveiling the Criticality of Red Teaming for Generative AI Governance
R Shiny and DuckDB: How to Speed Up Your Shiny Apps When Working With Large Datasets
The Download: GPT-4o's polluted Chinese training data, and astronomy's AI challenge
Type hints are a powerful feature in Python
Sundar Pichai says Google is 'moving fast' with AI &mdash; but explains why it might need to slow down at times
Election officials are role-playing AI threats to keep them from undermining democracy
Navigating the New Frontier AI Role in Shaping Government Policies and Services
[Virtual talk] How to remove the biggest blocker to production AI/ML
Is OpenAI Ignoring AI Safety for Shiny Products?
Essential Python Libraries for Data Manipulation
Intel's going inside AI PCs, too   its Lunar Lake chip is coming later this year
How He Went From Business Analyst to ML Engineer at Google
Aggregating Real-time Sensor Data with Python and Redpanda
We're reading: Will Google's AI answers mean the end of the web?
Hands-on with the Surface Laptop on Arm
The Good, the Bad, and the Disruptive: Let us know where you stand in the 2024 Annual Developer Survey
Neuralink will embed wires deeper in the brain to fix problems after its first patient: WSJ
Microsoft unveils 'Copilot Plus' PC amped with AI
Redefining Economic Forecasts: How insytz's Algorithm Could Have Predicted the Great Recession
Why does an Integer Need 28 Bytes in Python?
Microsoft's CEO Says New AI PCs Will Revive PC-Mac Rivalry
UK's autonomous vehicle legislation becomes law, paving the way for first driverless cars by 2026
Abstracts: May 20, 2024
AI trained to draw inspiration from images, not copy them
C programming: Strings, arrays, and pointers.
OpenAI is talking to Scarlett Johansson over AI voice concerns
Intel-powered Copilot+ PCs will be available this fall
Genetic Algorithms with Go
Microsoft rebuilt Windows 11 around AI and Arm chips
Godfather of AI Says There's an Expert Consensus AI Will Soon Exceed Human Intelligence
Every Copilot+ PC Microsoft just announced to take on Apple's M3 MacBooks
Microsoft's  Copilot+  AI PC requirements are embarrassing for Intel and AMD
Weekly Top Picks #74
Looking for Memorial Day deals? This AI-powered robot vacuum hit an all-time low price
I Make AI Models to Sell Real People Clothes
Microsoft just announced AI computers that start at $999 &mdash; check out the Copilot+ PCs
Microsoft Build 2024: All the AI and hardware products Microsoft announced
Why OpenAI did not release a native ChatGPT app for Windows
Dell AI Laptops Will Be Powered By Next-Gen Qualcomm Processors
ChatGPT que minha IA Faz ?
Michael Dell Says AI Is Going to Be Everywhere
Here are all of the just-announced Copilot+ PCs with Snapdragon X Chips
New Windows AI feature records everything you've done on your PC
Can AI Make the PC Cool Again? Microsoft Thinks So.
AI Is For Everyone, and Schools Shouldn't Be Left Out
Dell Technologies World 2024, Nvidia Preview, Grayscale | Bloomberg Technology
OpenAI on the defensive after multiple PR setbacks in one week
Why India Needs More AI4Bharats
Introducing Time Series in pandas
CRDT: Text Buffer
Jerseys as Join Tables: Using Real-World Examples to Understand Relationships Between Data
The FBI has arrested a man on criminal charges for allegedly producing and distributing AI-generated images of minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct (Samantha Cole/404 Media)
Jetbrains Rider External Tools example based on Docker
Microsoft Surface and Copilot Event: Everything announced including new Surface laptops, Copilot+ PC and more
FinTextQA: A Long-Form Question Answering LFQA Dataset Specifically Designed for the Financial Domain
AI isn't the star of Microsoft's Copilot+ PC push   improved Arm support is
Neuralink to implant 2nd human with brain chip as 85% of threads retract in 1st
ASUS' first Copilot+ PC locks when you walk away and unlocks when you return
Finally, the question of how to centre a div is OVER !!!
GenAI meets Jira: Transforming CSV Exports into Insights
3 AI features coming to Copilot+ PCs that I wish were on my MacBook
Relationships In Python
Microsoft Paint is getting an AI-powered image generator that responds to your text prompts and doodles
Researchers from UC Berkeley, UIUC, and NYU Developed an Algorithmic Framework that Uses Reinforcement Learning (RL) to Optimize Vision-Language Models (VLMs)
Microsoft's new Copilot+ PCs use AI to create a photographic memory of your desktop
Nvidia CEO Says Dell Partnership Is Key in Its Push to Expand AI
This is how I acquired 10 paying customers for my Side project at 19y/o!!
Microsoft's AI chatbot will 'recall' everything you do on its new PCs
Meta approved AI-manipulated Facebook ads during India's election that spread disinfo and incited religious violence; civil groups submitted them as a test (Hannah Ellis-Petersen/The Guardian)
Uncertainty towards which place to start
Infratil Sees Earnings Boost as AI Fuels Demand for Data, Energy
The New ChatGPT Has a Huge Problem in Chinese
Top AI Email Assistants in 2024
Microsoft's AI chatbot will 'recall' everything you do on a PC
Microsoft Believes Its New Surface Laptop Is an AI-Powered Mac Killer
'Multimodal AI' Is Everywhere and How Companies Make AI More Human
Impressions of Windows 11 AI features Recall, Live Captions, and Cocreator, and a chat with Satya Nadella on how the Copilot+ PC push will outperform MacBooks (Joanna Stern/Wall Street Journal)
Microsoft Surface Pro Copilot+ hands-on: Slimmer bezels and AI smarts
Neuralink Can Implant Second Person With a Brain Chip, FDA Says
Scarlett Johansson says OpenAI used her likeness without permission for its 'Sky' voice assistant
Scarlett Johansson told OpenAI not to use her voice   and she's not happy they might have anyway
Scarlett Johansson says she declined to voice ChatGPT, and when she heard Sky she was  shocked  that Sam Altman would pursue a voice so  eerily similar  to hers (Kat Tenbarge/NBC News)
Scarlett Johansson Hired Lawyers to Push Back on 'Eerily Similar' OpenAI Voice
[D] Has ML actually moved the needle on human health?
OpenAI is removing ChatGPT's AI voice that sounds like Scarlett Johansson
Scarlett Johansson Says OpenAI Ripped Off Her Voice for ChatGPT
OpenAI pauses ChatGPT-4o voice that fans said ripped off Scarlett Johansson
Productivity soars in sectors of global economy most exposed to AI, says report
TED announces free AI-adapted multilingual TED Talks (AI voice cloning, dubbing, and lip sync paired with human translation)
Quoting Scarlett Johansson
Tempus AI Files for US IPO Touting 'Intelligent Diagnostics'
Fennec: Fine-grained Language Model Evaluation and Correction Extended through Branching and Bridging
DOP: Diagnostic-Oriented Prompting for Large Language Models in Mathematical Correction
Metric Entropy-Free Sample Complexity Bounds for Sample Average Approximation in Convex Stochastic Programming
E2E Cloud and AIC-NITF Partner to Boost Indian AI Startup Ecosystem
Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning: A Comprehensive Overview
NaijaRC: A Multi-choice Reading Comprehension Dataset for Nigerian Languages
AI Models, Too, Have Feelings You Know
AI Lab Extension Allows Podman Desktop Users to Experiment With LLMs Locally
Jury: A Comprehensive Evaluation Toolkit
Temasek Backs OpenAI Investor's New $250 Million Tech Fund
Draft & Verify: Lossless Large Language Model Acceleration via Self-Speculative Decoding
ScarJo voices anger at OpenAI's unauthorized sound-alike
Acquiring and Modelling Abstract Commonsense Knowledge via Conceptualization
Multi-AZ PostgreSQL COMMIT wait events: WALSync, SyncRep & XactSync
Multi-Task Learning with Regression and Classification Tasks: MTLComb
[R] Have you give a try to use Intel and AMD GPUs to train models?
Samsung Replaces Chip Division Chief as It Tries to Catch Hynix
Top Data Validation Tools for Machine Learning in 2024
Direct Neural Machine Translation with Task-level Mixture of Experts models
Statler: State-Maintaining Language Models for Embodied Reasoning
DocReLM: Mastering Document Retrieval with Language Model
How to train your dream machine
COKE: A Cognitive Knowledge Graph for Machine Theory of Mind
Controllable Data Augmentation for Few-Shot Text Mining with Chain-of-Thought Attribute Manipulation
Towards Knowledge-Infused Automated Disease Diagnosis Assistant
Using Natural Language Explanations to Improve Robustness of In-context Learning
Petri nets in modelling glucose regulating processes in the liver
Microsoft announces Copilot+ PCs and AI-powered Recall feature
ASML and TSMC Can Disable Chip Machines If China Invades Taiwan
Geek at first sight: Cybersecurity expert on computing as a calling
Volvo partners with Aurora Innovation to unveil Volvo VNL Autonomous, a self-driving truck which Aurora plans to use for freight hauling in the next few months (Rebecca Bellan/TechCrunch)
Microsoft wants to make Windows an AI operating system, launches Copilot+ PCs
Eliciting Problem Specifications via Large Language Models
Marabou 2.0: A Versatile Formal Analyzer of Neural Networks
KI-PMF: Knowledge Integrated Plausible Motion Forecasting
Utilizing Coverage AI Agents for Better Unit Tests
Linguistic Structure from a Bottleneck on Sequential Information Processing
DisBeaNet: A Deep Neural Network to augment Unmanned Surface Vessels for maritime situational awareness
Getting Started With ChatGPT on MacOS: A Quick Guide to Installation
KOGO AI Has Partnered with Bhashini to Build AI agents in Indic Languages
Metric Dimension and Resolvability of Jaccard Spaces
STYLE: Improving Domain Transferability of Asking Clarification Questions in Large Language Model Powered Conversational Agents
TechTorch announced the acquisition of AstuteForce
Large Language Models (LLMs) in Scoring Tasks and Decision Making
Volvo teams up with Aurora to reveal an autonomous semi truck
Scarlett Johansson Said No, but OpenAI's Virtual Assistant Sounds Just Like Her
BadActs: A Universal Backdoor Defense in the Activation Space
Reindex-Then-Adapt: Improving Large Language Models for Conversational Recommendation
IT5: Text-to-text Pretraining for Italian Language Understanding and Generation
study rust
FengWu-4DVar: Coupling the Data-driven Weather Forecasting Model with 4D Variational Assimilation
Deepfake Text Detection in the Wild
EmbSum: Leveraging the Summarization Capabilities of Large Language Models for Content-Based Recommendations
Top Deep Learning Courses To Try In 2024
KG-RAG: Bridging the Gap Between Knowledge and Creativity
Systematic Review on Healthcare Systems Engineering utilizing ChatGPT
Selective Annotation via Data Allocation: These Data Should Be Triaged to Experts for Annotation Rather Than the Model
Du-IN: Discrete units-guided mask modeling for decoding speech from Intracranial Neural signals
CT-Eval: Benchmarking Chinese Text-to-Table Performance in Large Language Models
MathBench: Evaluating the Theory and Application Proficiency of LLMs with a Hierarchical Mathematics Benchmark
Aurora and Volvo unveil self-driving truck designed for a driverless future
AudioSetMix: Enhancing Audio-Language Datasets with LLM-Assisted Augmentations
Scarlett Johansson says that OpenAI approached her to use her voice
Amazon Warehouses: An Overview of the Different Types
How to Set Up Signup, Login, and Logout using Django's Middleware
Microsoft unveils new Copilot+ PCs featuring advanced AI capabilities
Another patient will get Neuralink's brain implant
Distributional Semantics, Holism, and the Instability of Meaning
An information-theoretic model of shallow and deep language comprehension
Sundar Pichai says OpenAI might have breached YouTube's terms and conditions to train its text-to-video model Sora
CLAMBER: A Benchmark of Identifying and Clarifying Ambiguous Information Needs in Large Language Models
Building an agentic AI workflow with Llama 3 open-source LLM using LangGraph
Enhancing Watermarked Language Models to Identify Users
Deception Detection from Linguistic and Physiological Data Streams Using Bimodal Convolutional Neural Networks
Are Large Language Models Moral Hypocrites? A Study Based on Moral Foundations
[D] are there any reading groups/journal clubs for ML/AI related topic?
MoSECroT: Model Stitching with Static Word Embeddings for Crosslingual Zero-shot Transfer
You Only Look at Screens: Multimodal Chain-of-Action Agents
Contextual Embedding Learning to Enhance 2D Networks for Volumetric Image Segmentation
Volvo and Aurora introduce their first self-driving truck
Sort or Order Rank in R
S2W Provides Generative AI Platform 'SAIP' to Hyundai Steel
What is the difference between cample-html and htmx?
Alibaba Sparks China AI Price War With Spate of Steep Discounts
Candidates Will Soon Be Interviewed by AI
Former Google employee says company's AI work is driven by 'a stone cold panic that they are getting left behind'
Grid Dynamics Achieves the AWS Machine Learning Competency
Inflection Redefines the Future of AI
Scarlett Johansson  shocked, angered and in disbelief  by OpenAI's alleged voice imitation
Intel Lunar Lake Arriving Q3 2024 with 40+ TOPS for AI PCs
How Indian politicians are using deepfakes for voter outreach; an estimated 50M+ AI voice calls were made in the two months before the elections in April 2024 (Wired)
Python Trick for Data Manipulation with operator.itemgetter
Article: Experimenting with LLMs for Developer Productivity
Scale Valued at Nearly $14 Billion With Funding From Amazon, AMD
Meet the Duo from Hyderabad who Made it Big at Google I/O
Microsoft announced Copilot+ and this is what it does... in Minecraft.
How to improve cloud-based generative AI performance
Join me at EmTech Digital this week!
7 ways to supercharge your Google searches with AI
SEC filing: Chicago-based Tempus, which uses AI to process medical data, files for an IPO, reporting a $266M net loss on $532M revenue in 2023 and 2,300 staff (Bailey Lipschultz/Bloomberg)
Microsoft's AI-first MacBook rival
Tooling for RAG and Chunking Experiments
Why I Chose React to Start My Full-Stack Journey
Indonesia has more than 700 languages. Can AI save them?
Microsoft takes on Apple MacBook Air with its Copilot+ PC
Big tech pledges support for 'Frontier AI Safety Commitments'
#ICLR2024 invited talk: Priya Donti on why your work matters for climate more than you think
EU countries vote to approve the landmark EU AI Act, agreed in December 2023, to ensure  trust, transparency, and accountability , taking effect in June 2024 (Reuters)
Responsible AI starts with democratizing AI knowledge
Flatlogic Announces Shift from Web Templates to AI-Powered Business Software
First companies sign up to AI safety standards on eve of Seoul summit
The people charged with making sure AI doesn't destroy humanity have left the building
Understanding AI
New Research from Elastic Finds Conversational Search Could Yield Staggering Productivity Returns
The entrepreneur trying to make thrifting truly eco-friendly with AI
Classes variables early thoughts
Tangling with Scarlett Johansson is a move OpenAI may come to regret
EU Council gives final nod to set up risk-based regulations for AI
How Meta, Microsoft, and Google are helping OpenAI develop Triton, a tool to help run code efficiently on AI chips to compete with Nvidia's CUDA platform (Tim Bradshaw/Financial Times)
Alibaba slashes prices for its AI services by up to 97%, leading Baidu to offer free Ernie AI-based services; ByteDance priced its services cheaply last week (Bloomberg)
Edge 397: Multi-Plan Selection in Autonomous Agents
The Morning After: Microsoft introduces its AI-centric Copilot+ PCs
AI data labeling startup Scale AI raised $1B led by Accel at a ~$14B valuation, up from $7.3B in April 2021; a source says Scale AI had ~$700M in 2023 revenue (Financial Times)
Sources: in the event that China invades Taiwan, ASML and TSMC have ways to disable their sophisticated chipmaking machines; ASML reassured Dutch officials (Bloomberg)
Tackling long-range malware detection tasks using holographic global convolutional networks
Data-labeling startup Scale AI raises $1B as valuation doubles to $13.8B
Search will be the future of LLM and AI Applications.
Google, Meta, Microsoft, OpenAI, Amazon, IBM, and 10 other companies commit to safe AI development at the AI Seoul Summit 2024, hosted by South Korea and the UK (Joyce Lee/Reuters)
Elon Musk waded in on Scarlett Johansson's dispute with OpenAI, and couldn't resist throwing shade at his tech rival
Too many third-party embeds are making this accessibility mistake
Microsoft Is Offering Some Interesting Perks for Buying a PC With Copilot+
Enhancing Tensor Contraction Paths Using a Modified Standard Greedy Algorithm with Improved Cost Function
Generative AI: How to Move from Promises to Production
Microsoft upgrades its AI app-building platforms
Tesla's Full Self-Driving Update Removes 'Steering Wheel Nag'
Microsoft brings out a small language model that can look at pictures
Microsoft unveils third-party extensions for GitHub Copilot
Bas' Take on Tech: OpenAI, e/acc, PyCon
Informatica CEO: Good Data Management Not Optional for AI
AI Is a Black Box. Anthropic Figured Out a Way to Look Inside
What are Vector Databases?
Announcing Databricks Vector Search General Availability
Microsoft Fabric adds real-time intelligence, workload development kit
Microsoft Azure Copilot moves to public preview
Microsoft Recall AI will log everything you do on Windows
Seoul AI summit opens with companies including Google, Meta, OpenAI pledging to develop AI safely
Unit Testing with Mocha & Chai
Scarlett Johansson Says OpenAI Asked to Use Her Voice for ChatGPT, and When She Said No They Did It Anyway
Scientists Find Ancient Herpes, HPV, and Cold Viruses in Neanderthal Bones
Two types of LLMs found able to equal or outperform humans on theory of mind tests
Prepare your audits: EU Commission approves first-of-its-kind AI Act
Mastering Statistical Tests
Machine learning method generates circuit synthesis for quantum computing
UK data protection watchdog ends privacy probe of Snap's GenAI chatbot, but warns industry
Here is a very nice article from one of our partners: 'Empowering Developers and Non-Coders Alike to Build Interactive Web Applications Effortlessly'
EU's AI Act set to enter force next month
AWS says it has  fully transitioned  its previous orders for Nvidia's Grace Hopper chips to the successor Grace Blackwell chips, announced in March 2024 (Financial Times)
Microsoft Copilot Studio to build AI agents
Ex-Deepmind scientists raise $220m seed round to launch Paris-based  agentic  AI startup H
Transparency and Community: An Open Source Vision for AI
Red Lobster bought a lot of shrimp from its Thai owner. Now, the new CEO is investigating.
A French AI startup, simply called H and founded by ex-Google DeepMind scientists, raised $220M from Accel and others, and plans a model capable of reasoning (Mark Bergen/Bloomberg)
I made a Market Research Tool to market my Market Research Tool. Crawl/RAG/LLM
Hollywood Agency Partners With AI Firm to Safeguard Celebrity Likenesses
Match Group, Meta, Coinbase and more form anti-scam coalition
Microsoft Azure AI gains new LLMs, governance features
Stack AI wants to make it easier to build AI-fueled workflows
GitHub Copilot gets extensions
Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree's new trailer is a dramatic call to arms
Microsoft unveils Copilot for Teams
Why ChatGPT's app revenue just doubled overnight, earning $4 million in a week
Global AI leaders agree to safety rules at Seoul summit
This AI Paper from KAUST and Purdue University Presents Efficient Stochastic Methods for Large Discrete Action Spaces
Microsoft extends reach of Copilot AI helpers
Microsoft Edge will translate and dub YouTube videos as you're watching them
10 GitHub Repositories to Master Data Engineering
Alchemist's latest batch puts AI to work as accelerator expands to Tokyo, Doha
Empowering Developers and Non-Coders Alike to Build Interactive Web Applications Effortlessly
Adobe's AI-Powered Generative Remove Feature in Lightroom Erases Unsightly Objects in Seconds
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 13/05 to 19/05
Adobe adds generative AI tools to Lightroom, including Firefly-powered Generative Remove to let users  paint  over unwanted objects, available in early access (Jess Weatherbed/The Verge)
Microsoft Build live updates: Get ready for Copilot and other AI announcements at the annual developer conference
Using Adobe Lightroom's New AI Tools to Tell Better Travel Stories
I went hands-on with Microsoft's Surface Pro and Laptop, and I'm ready to ditch my MacBook
Gemini 1.5 Technical Report: Key Reveals and Insights
OpenAI cofounder says artificial general intelligence is coming fast &mdash; and needs some 'reasonable limits'
Microsoft's Power Automate no-code platform adds AI flows
Reinforcement Learning for feature selection
Microsoft's new Copilot AI agents act like virtual employees to automate tasks
Holistic AI Is Now H, a New French Startup With $220 Million Out of the Gate
Watch Microsoft Build 2024 keynote live here: More on Copilot+ and AI-enhanced PCs
Adobe Lightroom's new AI feature removes objects with one click - see for yourself
Google's Search AI Recommends Changing Your Car's Blinker Fluid, Which Is a Made Up Thing That Does Not Exist
Microsoft intros a Copilot for teams
A.I.'s Black Boxes Just Got a Little Less Mysterious
What the heck is JSX in React and Why Should You Care?
Here are all the new Copilot+ AI laptops powered by Snapdragon X processors
Microsoft teams up with Khan Academy to make the Khanmigo AI teaching assistant free
Introducing the Databricks AI Fund
French startup Pascal inks deal for Saudi Arabia's first quantum computer
Microsoft Azure gets 'Models as a Service,' enhanced RAG offerings for enterprise generative AI
French AI startup H raises $220 million seed round
Microsoft debuts a new AI feature for Edge to translate spoken content via dubbing and subtitles live, on YouTube, LinkedIn, Coursera, news sites, and more (Emma Roth/The Verge)
Microsoft releases upgrades to Azure AI Speech at Build 2024
Adobe introduces AI-powered  Generative Remove  and  Lens Blur  features in Lightroom
Adobe Express for Enterprise Promises On-Brand Content Creation in Seconds
Learning: Preparing the Modeling Environment
Here's the eight-inch Snapdragon PC for your Windows on Arm experiments
AI chatbots are intruding into online communities where people are trying to connect with other humans
Exploring LaMa: Resolution-robust Large Mask Inpainting with Fourier Convolutions: A Brief Overview
This AI newsletter is all you need #100
Microsoft Build 2024: Cosmos DB for NoSQL gets vector search
The Noonification: Whats Inside Play to Earn (5/21/2024)
I demoed every new AI feature coming to Copilot+ PCs, and I'm nearly sold on the hype
Microsoft ships Azure AI Studio in broad availability, adds support for OpenAI's GPT-4o, and announces a new multimodal model in its lightweight Phi-3 family (Kevin Okemwa/Windows Central)
Tesla in Full Self-Driving Mode Allegedly Tries to Drive Into Speeding Train
Microsoft Introduces Copilot Assistant to Help Teams Collaborate
Hey! Listen! New Minecraft AI guide offers tips while watching you play
How We Built an AI Startup in a Weekend Hackathon in Germany
Leveraging Python for Efficient Cold Email Outreach to Recruiters: A Practical Guide
[R] Enabling sparse, foundational LLMs for faster and more efficient models from Neural Magic and Cerebras
Palantir's Military AI Tech Conference Sounds Absolutely Terrifying
ODSC East 2024 Keynote: Carolyn Ros on Setting Up Text Processing Models for Success
Google Taps AI to Show Shoppers How Clothes Fit Different Bodies
China plans to open AI academies to attract global talent
Google Search's New AI Overviews Will Soon Have Ads
US man used AI to generate 13,000 child sexual abuse pictures, FBI alleges
A Guide to Working with SQLite Databases in Python
The AI-Powered Code Revolution: Bridging Traditional and Neurosymbolic Programming
OpenAI apologizes to Johansson, denies voice based on her
Google plans to test search and shopping ads in its AI Overviews, drawing from advertisers' existing campaigns; AI Overviews rolled out to US users last week (Paresh Dave/Wired)
WitnessAI is building guardrails for generative AI models
Knowledge Series #36: Cookies Explained
How Microsoft's new AI Copilot features could transform teamwork and projects
[R] LLMs as active learning agents
Microsoft's Build 2024: 10 quick developer focused announcements you need to know about
What Adobe's new AI-powered Express for Enterprise can do for business teams
Gradient AI Introduces Llama-3 8B Gradient Instruct 1048k: Setting New Standards in Long-Context AI
Autodesk acquires AI-powered VFX startup Wonder Dynamics
Small But Mighty   The Rise of Small Language Models
Disaster reporting w/Open Source LLaVA/AI for photo analysis
How to Create a Simple Tab Navigation UI with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Microsoft unveils Team Copilot, Github Copilot extensions, Phi-3 Vision, and more at Build event
Generative AI music startup Suno raised $125M from Lightspeed Venture Partners, Nat Friedman, Daniel Gross, Matrix, Founder Collective, and others (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Microsoft smartens up Edge for Business with screenshot blocking, logo branding, more
Researchers from the University of Maryland Introduce an Automatic Text Privatization Framework that Fine-Tunes a Large Language Model via Reinforcement Learning
Secta Labs Review: Is It Better than Aragon AI Headshots?
Singapore SMBs can now run Microsoft Copilot at a discount
Big Tech, VC firms pump $1B into ML data darling Scale AI
Microsoft is either careless or just promised an extremely capable OpenAI model for 2024
IDEFICS2: Multimodal Language Models for the Future
AI Agent in Java with LangGraph4j
TSMC, ASML China Invasion Plan, Microsoft's New AI Tool | Bloomberg Technology
Quantum Mechanics-Enhanced Drug Discovery Using QUELO-G and CUDA Graphs
The DOJ makes its first known arrest for AI-generated CSAM
My first $10k month as an agency owner
Visualizing SQL Server Job History: Unlocking Hidden Capabilities with SQL Server Language.
Which vendor certifications would you argue actually hold some weight?
Microsoft's Satya Nadella Wants Us to Stop Treating AI Like Humans
In Seoul summit, heads of states and companies commit to AI safety
New Anthropic Research Sheds Light on AI's 'Black Box'
Google is rolling out a new AI-powered ad format that shows shoppers how items of clothing would look on different skin tones and body types (Louise Matsakis/Wired)
Survey investigates AI technologies in the classification and creation of art
Wearable AI Startup Humane Explores Potential Sale, Sources Say
New results in AI research: Humans barely able to recognize AI-generated media
Sam Altman Ignoring Scarlett Johansson's Lack of Consent Shows Us Exactly What Type of Person He Really Is
Microsoft will soon let businesses build custom Copilot AI agents to automate tasks, and unveils Team Copilot to help with tasks in Teams, Loop, and Planner (Tom Warren/The Verge)
Streamlining your Developer Experience through CI/CD standardization
How to use ChatGPT to write Excel formulas
Sam Altman shares the next steps for AI at Microsoft Build
New Phi-3 models: small, medium and vision
Sources: Humane is seeking a buyer for its business, after the rocky launch of its AI pin; a source says the startup is seeking a price of between $750M and $1B (Bloomberg)
Sam Altman's self-own with ScarJo reveals a troubling question about OpenAI: What's with these clowns?
Human Touch vs. Machine Precision: Debating the Role of AI in Content Creation
Microsoft Edge will use AI to translate and dub YouTube and other videos in real time
Generalizable Audio AI: Discover the Power of SpeechVerse by Amazon AWS AI Labs
2024 MAD Design Fellows announced
Engadget Podcast: Microsoft's Surface and Windows head on Copilot+ AI PCs
WitnessAI, which intercepts employees' use of custom generative AI models and applies safeguards, raised a $27.5M Series A co-led by GV and Ballistic Ventures (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Vector Search pt. 2 - Vision Algorithms
Bumble's CEO says AI could give you fewer matches &mdash; but better ones
Pre-order Samsung's first Copilot+ laptop and get a free 50-inch 4K TV
Predicting the Unpredictable
A.I.'s Black Boxes Just Got a Little Less Mysterious | Researchers at the A.I. company Anthropic claim to have found clues about the inner workings of large language models, possibly helping to prevent their misuse and to curb their potential threats
Microsoft Build 2024: everything announced
Microsoft's big bet on building a new type of AI computer
Microsoft, Khan Academy offer free AI assistant to all US teachers
Wisconsin man arrested for allegedly creating AI-generated child sexual abuse material
Handed a dataset and told to do data science on it
How to export a CSV with my data posts in DEV using its API
Microsoft AI Studio opens for business, with a nod to safety
Build your own React state management library in under 40 lines of code - with typescript support
Developing Augmented Reality Apps with Unity and Vuforia
Ml Engineer Experience Needed
Just Released: CUDA Toolkit 12.5
Using LLMs to Learn From YouTube
Introduction to @let in Angular 18
AI Toolkit for Visual Studio Code Debuts at Build 2024
How to Fine-Tune BERT for Sentiment Analysis with Hugging Face Transformers
The role of CI/CD interoperability in Developer Experience
Mastering ChatGPT Prompts for Developers: A Comprehensive Guide
Scaling Monosemanticity: Extracting Interpretable Features from Claude 3 Sonnet
Snowflake Talks to Acquire Reka AI Fizzles With No Deal
[D] What is your favorite way to expand your knowledge in the field post degree?
'I'm the new Oppenheimer!': my soul-destroying day at Palantir's first-ever AI warfare conference
[P] A post on probabilistic calibration in blog series on polynomial regression
Mastering LLMs: A Conference For Developers & Data Scientists
VC firm Alicorn agrees to take Glassbox private in a deal worth ~$150M; the analytics software company was valued at ~$500M in June 2021 in its Tel Aviv IPO (Almog Azar/CTech)
No One Truly Knows How AI Systems Work. A New Discovery Could Change That
Humane is looking for a buyer after the AI Pin's underwhelming debut
Sources: Snowflake's talks to acquire Reka AI, which builds LLMs for businesses, for more than $1B have broken down (Bloomberg)
Breaking Down Big Texts with LangChain: The Art of Chunking
How to secure Python Flask applications
Project Astra demo | Solving math problems
First impressions of GPT-4o
The Significance of Ilya Sutskever Leaving OpenAI
Scarlett Johansson vs. OpenAI
Master the Art of Writing Engineering Blogs & Articles!
Training Recipes and Scaling Strategies for High-Quality GenAI Models
DynamicBind: A Deep Learning Approach for Dynamic Protein-Ligand Docking and Drug Discovery
When/how do you stop grinding for a better position and just enjoy life?
[D] How to combine PhD in Machine learning with Cloud and Distributed Systems?
Diffusion-RSCC: Diffusion Probabilistic Model for Change Captioning in Remote Sensing Images
Neural Bounding
Hacking Predictors Means Hacking Cars: Using Sensitivity Analysis to Identify Trajectory Prediction Vulnerabilities for Autonomous Driving Security
Implicit-ARAP: Efficient Handle-Guided Deformation of High-Resolution Meshes and Neural Fields via Local Patch Meshing
Learning Keypoints for Robotic Cloth Manipulation using Synthetic Data
Estimation of FFR in coronary arteries with deep learning
DisenStudio: Customized Multi-subject Text-to-Video Generation with Disentangled Spatial Control
Anticipating Object State Changes
SEL-CIE: Knowledge-Guided Self-Supervised Learning Framework for CIE-XYZ Reconstruction from Non-Linear sRGB Images
Multimodal Prototype-Enhanced Network for Few-Shot Action Recognition
A Survey of Deep Learning-based Radiology Report Generation Using Multimodal Data
Mammo-CLIP: A Vision Language Foundation Model to Enhance Data Efficiency and Robustness in Mammography
Transparency Distortion Robustness for SOTA Image Segmentation Tasks
Cascaded Multi-path Shortcut Diffusion Model for Medical Image Translation
OmniGlue: Generalizable Feature Matching with Foundation Model Guidance
Spatial-aware Attention Generative Adversarial Network for Semi-supervised Anomaly Detection in Medical Image
GEM: Boost Simple Network for Glass Surface Segmentation via Vision Foundation Models
Refined Graph Encoder Embedding via Self-Training and Latent Community Recovery
On Image Registration and Subpixel Estimation
Towards Long-Range 3D Object Detection for Autonomous Vehicles
Efficient modeling of sub-kilometer surface wind with Gaussian processes and neural networks
SmartFlow: Robotic Process Automation using LLMs
Face Adapter for Pre-Trained Diffusion Models with Fine-Grained ID and Attribute Control
BIMM: Brain Inspired Masked Modeling for Video Representation Learning
AMFD: Distillation via Adaptive Multimodal Fusion for Multispectral Pedestrian Detection
An Empirical Study and Analysis of Text-to-Image Generation Using Large Language Model-Powered Textual Representation
C3L: Content Correlated Vision-Language Instruction Tuning Data Generation via Contrastive Learning
Inconsistency-Aware Cross-Attention for Audio-Visual Fusion in Dimensional Emotion Recognition
Talk2Radar: Bridging Natural Language with 4D mmWave Radar for 3D Referring Expression Comprehension
Cross-spectral Gated-RGB Stereo Depth Estimation
Paired Conditional Generative Adversarial Network for Highly Accelerated Liver 4D MRI
CoVR: Learning Composed Video Retrieval from Web Video Captions
Investigating and Improving Latent Density Segmentation Models for Aleatoric Uncertainty Quantification in Medical Imaging
Parents and Children: Distinguishing Multimodal DeepFakes from Natural Images
Learning Explainable and Better Performing Representations of POMDP Strategies
Adaptive local boundary conditions to improve Deformable Image Registration
BiomedParse: a biomedical foundation model for image parsing of everything everywhere all at once
Lift-Attend-Splat: Bird's-eye-view camera-lidar fusion using transformers
Marginal and training-conditional guarantees in one-shot federated conformal prediction
Spatial and Modal Optimal Transport for Fast Cross-Modal MRI Reconstruction
Pixel-Level Change Detection Pseudo-Label Learning for Remote Sensing Change Captioning
Large-Scale Multi-Center CT and MRI Segmentation of Pancreas with Deep Learning
Influence of Water Droplet Contamination for Transparency Segmentation
Influence based explainability of brain tumors segmentation in multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging
IAIFNet: An Illumination-Aware Infrared and Visible Image Fusion Network
DARK: Denoising, Amplification, Restoration Kit
London-based LabGenius, which uses ML to find and design antibody therapies to treat cancer, raised a &pound;35M Series B led by Merck's VC arm, M Ventures (Mimi Billing/Sifted)
Sync-NeRF: Generalizing Dynamic NeRFs to Unsynchronized Videos
Salient Object Detection in RGB-D Videos
Nearest is Not Dearest: Towards Practical Defense against Quantization-conditioned Backdoor Attacks
Personalized Residuals for Concept-Driven Text-to-Image Generation
LAGA: Layered 3D Avatar Generation and Customization via Gaussian Splatting
SARA: Controllable Makeup Transfer with Spatial Alignment and Region-Adaptive Normalization
Computational Lower Bounds for Graphon Estimation via Low-degree Polynomials
Multi-Subject Personalization
Shape of my heart: Cardiac models through learned signed distance functions
Seeing a Rose in Five Thousand Ways
Generalize Polyp Segmentation via Inpainting across Diverse Backgrounds and Pseudo-Mask Refinement
Weakly supervised alignment and registration of MR-CT for cervical cancer radiotherapy
CLIP in Medical Imaging: A Comprehensive Survey
Hierarchical SegNet with Channel and Context Attention for Accurate Lung Segmentation in Chest X-ray Images
ID-Blau: Image Deblurring by Implicit Diffusion-based reBLurring AUgmentation
Learning from One and Only One Shot
MOSS: Motion-based 3D Clothed Human Synthesis from Monocular Video
G-DIG: Towards Gradient-based DIverse and hiGh-quality Instruction Data Selection for Machine Translation
Unsupervised Multimodal Clustering for Semantics Discovery in Multimodal Utterances
Mining the Explainability and Generalization: Fact Verification Based on Self-Instruction
Question-Based Retrieval using Atomic Units for Enterprise RAG
Targeted Multilingual Adaptation for Low-resource Language Families
OLAPH: Improving Factuality in Biomedical Long-form Question Answering
From Human-to-Human to Human-to-Bot Conversations in Software Engineering
Multi-label Text Classification using GloVe and Neural Network Models
Leveraging text data for causal inference using electronic health records
ProtT3: Protein-to-Text Generation for Text-based Protein Understanding
Unlocking Data-free Low-bit Quantization with Matrix Decomposition for KV Cache Compression
Aggregation of Reasoning: A Hierarchical Framework for Enhancing Answer Selection in Large Language Models
What Have We Achieved on Non-autoregressive Translation?
Wearable AI Pin maker Humane is reportedly seeking a buyer
A Survey on Multi-modal Machine Translation: Tasks, Methods and Challenges
CoCo Matrix: Taxonomy of Cognitive Contributions in Co-writing with Intelligent Agents
Exploration of Masked and Causal Language Modelling for Text Generation
SirLLM: Streaming Infinite Retentive LLM
3 Practical Tips to Combat Data Scarcity in Music AI
The Echoes of Multilinguality: Tracing Cultural Value Shifts during LM Fine-tuning
Retrieval-Augmented Language Model for Extreme Multi-Label Knowledge Graph Link Prediction
Leveraging Diverse Data Generation for Adaptable Zero-Shot Dialogue State Tracking
RecGPT: Generative Pre-training for Text-based Recommendation
PyramidInfer: Pyramid KV Cache Compression for High-throughput LLM Inference
Rethinking Statistical Significance
MentalQA: An Annotated Arabic Corpus for Questions and Answers of Mental Healthcare
Large Language Models Meet NLP: A Survey
Quantifying Emergence in Large Language Models
Resolving Word Vagueness with Scenario-guided Adapter for Natural Language Inference
How do languages influence each other? Studying cross-lingual data sharing during LM fine-tuning
Spotting AI's Touch: Identifying LLM-Paraphrased Spans in Text
Code-mixed Sentiment and Hate-speech Prediction
AI Knocking on the Classroom's Door
Layout Agnostic Human Activity Recognition in Smart Homes through Textual Descriptions Of Sensor Triggers (TDOST)
Integrate Kafka with a Serverless application
Adversarial DPO: Harnessing Harmful Data for Reducing Toxicity with Minimal Impact on Coherence and Evasiveness in Dialogue Agents
Investigating Persuasion Techniques in Arabic: An Empirical Study Leveraging Large Language Models
2024-05-21: Trouble and Turmoil
CFBenchmark: Chinese Financial Assistant Benchmark for Large Language Model
Tiny Refinements Elicit Resilience: Toward Efficient Prefix-Model Against LLM Red-Teaming
Everything You Need to Know About Windows 11's AI-Powered Recall Feature
AWS says the transition from Nvidia's Grace Hopper to Blackwell chips applies only to Project Ceiba, a supercomputer that AWS and Nvidia are building together (Stephen Nellis/Reuters)
How to Build Sustainable AI Startups
Google begins integrating ads into AI Overviews on Google Search
Exploring AI with Vertex AI Studio: My Journey Through Multimodal Capabilities
Demystifying the Python Datetime Library
Time Series Analysis of Plausible Data
Data Augmentation in AI for Science: An Earth Science Case Study
In-Depth Support Vector Machines (SVMs) for Linear & Non-linear Classification & Regression
Top AI players pledge to pull the plug on models that present intolerable risk
How Do You Create an Email Client With an HTML Editor?
How Pinecone and other startups use vector databases and retrieval-augmented generation, or RAG, to help businesses link their private data with LLMs (Belle Lin/Wall Street Journal)
[DAY 6-8] I Learned CSS Colors, HTML Forms, & Built A Survey Form Project
Unlocking Rapid Data Extraction: Groq + OCR and Claude Vision
Humane AI is reportedly looking for a buyer, just weeks after its disastrous wearables launch
8 Announcements from Microsoft BUILD
Microsoft Fabric Introduces Real-Time Intelligence for Faster Decision-Making
OpenAI secures key partnership with Reddit
SQL Explained: Common Table Expressions
OpenAI says AI is 'safe enough' as scandals raise concerns
Quantum Mechanics Meets PCA: An (Un)expected Convergence
Is AI Worth Learning in 2024?
RambleFix
AI to dominate annual Paris startup event VivaTech
Leading AI firms pledge 'responsible' tech development
Azure Hybrid Benefit Dashboard
A method to mitigate hallucinations in large language models
How to add Gemini access to your Chrome browser
One Month After Launch, AI Pin Maker Humane Seeks a Billion Dollar Sale
This AI Paper Introduces the Scientific Generative Agent: A Unified Machine Learning Framework for Cross-Disciplinary Scientific Discovery
Self-attentive sentence embedding for the recommendation system
Amazon to Charge Monthly Fee For AI-Infused Alexa, CNBC Reports
Microsoft's New AI Recall Feature Could Already Be in Legal Trouble
The history of OpenAI, from the early days with Elon Musk to the ChatGPT maker being put on blast by Scarlett Johansson
Harvard's Top Free Courses for Aspiring Data Scientists
Humane, maker of the critically savaged Ai Pin, is looking to sell the company for $750 million - $1 billion
Footage Shows Self-Driving Tesla Careening Straight Into Moving Train as Driver Desperately Tries to Turn Away
OpenAI gets cosy with Paris
IBM, Honda Developing AI Chips for Software-Defined Vehicles
Unraveling the Black Box: Scaling Dictionary Learning for Safer AI Models
The Low-Paid Humans Behind AI's Smarts Ask Biden to Free Them From 'Modern Day Slavery'
Meta introduces Chameleon, an early-fusion multimodal model
Building blocks of an LLM and how to choose the right model and framework to build a LLM based.
TikTok turns to generative AI to boost its ads business
Symbolic Music Generation Using Deep Neural Networks
IBM Unveils Concert, a GenAI-Driven Solution to Streamline Application Operations
Dr. House   AI Diagnostician in your phone. Passing the Startup Torch to Capable Hands
Cologne-based AI translation startup DeepL, which develops its own models, raised $300M led by Index Ventures at a $2B valuation and reports 100K+ customers (Isabelle Bousquette/Wall Street Journal)
US Man Faces 70 Years in Prison For Creating 13,000 AI Child Abuse Images
Microsoft's Phi-3 gets Vision
Meta's Llama 3 400 Bn Might Not be Open Source
Granola debuts an AI notepad for meetings
Sources: Amazon plans to make Alexa more conversational later in 2024, adding generative AI features, and will charge a fee to offset the cost of the tech (Kate Rooney/CNBC)
Humane, the creator of the $700 Ai Pin, is reportedly seeking a buyer
Nvidia-Backed AI Infrastructure Firm CoreWeave Raises $7.5B
Antitrust Regulator Drops Probe Into Microsoft's Mistral Deal
Alexa Will Get an Upgrade But It'll Cost You, Report Says
Hedge Funds Trim Big Tech Exposure in Hunt for Other AI Winners
The Download: how criminals use AI, and OpenAI's Chinese data blunder
AI language translation startup DeepL nabs $300M on a $2B valuation to focus on B2B growth
[D] How successful are ML projects?
The LLM Series #4: Mastering Vector and Semantic Search via Azure
Giving Windows total recall of everything a user does is a privacy minefield
Google starts rolling out its Magic Editor and other AI tools to all Android and iOS users for free via Photos, offering 10 Magic Editor library saves per month (Abner Li/9to5Google)
Unify helps developers find the best LLM for the job
Unlocking Insights: Harnessing the Power of Phone Number Lookup APIs
Chatbot Prototype: Architectural Proposal
Patronus AI is off to a magical start as LLM governance tool gains traction
Prometheus-Eval and Prometheus 2: Setting New Standards in LLM Evaluation and Open-Source Innovation with State-of-the-art Evaluator Language Model
Rote automation is so last year: AI pushes more intelligence into software development
Open-Source Software Security
Qualcomm Bets on AI to Knock Intel From PC Perch
OpenAI Pulls ChatGPT Voice Over Scarlett Johansson Similarity
Rolling Forecast with humen feedback using Rio and MongoDB
Emory University awarded two students $10,000 for their AI study tool, then suspended them
What are The Benefits of Chatbots in E-commerce?
Truecaller Leverages Microsoft Azure AI Speech to Power Calling Assistant
Building a Simple AI Agent With OpenAI Tools
How to Get Started with Django: A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners
I just ordered the cheapest Surface Pro option - why I (probably) won't regret it
Google Strategist Quits, Slams Company's AI Work as Motivated by Greed and Fear
Chip wars: ASML could reportedly brick its machines in Taiwan if China invades
I'm a Disneyland performer &mdash; I work hard for not enough money. Now we're unionized, I'm feeling hopeful.
[P] Fish Speech TTS: clone OpenAI TTS in 30 minutes
AI translation startup DeepL raises $300m at $2bn valuation
Nvidia's big day is here
How AI-Powered Web Development is Transforming the Industry in 2024
How To Use VS Code for Python (and Why You Should)
Praktika raises $35.5M to use AI avatars to make learning languages feel more natural
Hugging Face Releases LeRobot: An Open-Source Machine Learning (ML) Model Created for Robotics
I built LLMArena: a tool to create and share side-by-side LLM Comparisons
We Built a Dynamic Router Improving LLM Quality, Cost and Speed
Truecaller partners with Microsoft to let its AI respond to calls in your own voice
Bloomberg bolsters traditional enterprise content with the addition of proprietary alternative data
How to Analyze Geo-based Campaigns with Synthetic Control
GigaPath: Whole-Slide Foundation Model for Digital Pathology
Learning AI and Understanding its Implications: CodeNewbie Podcast S27E8
Bolster, creator of the CheckPhish phishing tracker, raises $14M led by Microsoft's M12
Mozilla is adding vertical tabs, profile management, and local AI to Firefox
[D] AI Agents: too early, too expensive, too unreliable
Mastering K-Means Clustering
New global AI safety commitments echo EU's risk-based approach
Amazon Alexa's big AI upgrade could require a new subscription
InfoQ Dev Summit Boston: Save up to 60% with Our Special Memorial Day Sale
Microsoft launches an AI-powered copy-and-paste tool. Here's how you can use it
Insight Works with Microsoft, Qualcomm as Early Next-Gen AI PCs Provider
GIGABYTE Showcases a Whole Lot of Computing Power at COMPUTEX
Django vs Django REST Framework: Cul es la diferencia?
Name, image, and AI's likeness
Vinod Khosla is coming to Disrupt to discuss how AI might change the future
How Bayer monitors complex ocean shipments to avoid supply-chain disruptions
Sure, why not: China built a chatbot based on Xi Jinping
Teenage founder's AI startup valued at $13.7 billion in $1 billion funding round
Where to Go Next in Your Data Career
AI Image Generator Avoids Copyright Issues by Training on Corrupted Photos
How Real-World Enterprises are Leveraging Generative AI
Self-Driving Cars vs. Coding Copilots
Amazon looks set to launch a paid-for, generative AI-powered Alexa this year
Private Preview of GitHub Copilot Extensions Customize AI Coding Assistance
How to Automate Test Generation with AI: Using CodiumAI Cover-Agent
GenAI Byte - KAN: Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks
What is prompt optimization?
AI translation unicorn DeepL reaches $2B valuation with new $300M investment
Meta's Zuckerberg Creates Council to Advise on AI Products
Livepeer launches subnet for AI compute to process generative video
Git v Docker: Cng C  Quan Tr ng Trong Pht Tri n AI/ML v MLOps
Numenta Unveils NuPIC 2.0
How To Succeed in AI With Algorithmic and Human Guardrails
day 03
HoundDog.ai helps developers prevent personal information from leaking
Insights using Google Gemini for Summarization and Retrieval
AI 2024: The Journey From Here
The OpenAI vs Google AI Tussle Continues | Reaction Video | EP 20 | AIM
LlamaIndex Webinar: Build an Open-Source Coding Assistant with OpenDevin
I wish every AI Engineer could watch this.
Q&A: What are deepfakes and should we be worried?
I am open-sourcing my human segmentation dataset for creating a truly open background remover model. I will upload the model weights soon. Feedback welcome!
Ugur Tigli, Chief Technical Officer at MinIO   Interview Series
AI-enhanced collective bargaining tools could help gig workers solve problems
DeepL CEO: Japan, Germany Are Key Markets
Just Released: Nsight Compute 2024.2
OpenAI's GPT-4o: The Multimodal AI Model Transforming Human-Machine Interaction
From Data to Dashboard: Visualizing the Ancient Maritime Silk Road with Dash Leaflet and SeaRoute.
Scale AI Valued at Nearly $14B With Amazon Funding
TikTok launches its Symphony AI suite for brands, using generative AI to let marketers write scripts, produce videos, and enhance current assets (Aisha Malik/TechCrunch)
Filter profanity from audio files using Python
Why Healthcare Organizations Are Launching Innovation Centers
StableHost Review: Is Their Clustered Hosting Really Worth a Try?
Digital Connexion & DE-CIX Partner to Establish PoP at MAA10 Data Centre in Chennai
Generative AI Translation Startup DeepL Locks Up $300M
Salesforce AI CEO: Explosive Growth in Data Cloud
Google released this video yesterday. As much as the show was a joke, this is actually amazing.
Yann LeCun Advices Students Getting Into AI Space to 'Not Work on LLMs'
Why GenAI has IT in the catbird seat
Humane, the company behind the failed AI Pin, reportedly seeks buyer
The Role of Synthetic Data in Cybersecurity
These new apps are coming to Windows on Arm, and they're a big deal
Suno AI Raises $125 million as its AI music generator strikes a chord with investors
Microsoft's Copilot+ PCs, New Surface Laptops and More Pre-Build 2024 Announcements
[D] What would you like to see more or less of in /r/machinelearning?
Political ads could require AI-generated content disclosures soon
Two Sigma Taps Nekmouche to Head AI Strategy, Baron Steps Down
Deepfakes and AI: Insights from Pindrop's 2024 Voice Intelligence and Security Report
Here's what's really going on inside an LLM's neural network
Snap brings its AR lenses to Chrome through an extension
Humane AI Pin is a disaster: Founders already want to sell the company
Drizzle ORM Is SQL in a JavaScript Hat   and Wears It Well
Announcing the ODSC Europe 2024 and ODSC West 2024 Call for Speakers
.NET Aspire Cloud Dev Tool Debuts in Visual Studio 2022 v17.10
You can get rid of AI Overviews in Google Search
Da un marker leaflet alla foto in una galleria fotografica e ritorno
Validating a Geospatial Machine Learning Algorithm
Nvidia's Earnings and Apple's DOJ Case | Bloomberg Technology
How terrible of an idea would that be if I just run Logit model and explain the coeffs as the first pass of a causal project?
Ex-Google CEO Eric Schmidt just gave an unsettling answer about how to handle AI with free will
Entendendo o Amazon DynamoDB
Dell showcases hybrid AI approach, merging cloud and on-premises solutions
Your Guide to Data Science Interview Preparation: Tips for Success
How to use ChatGPT Plus: From GPT-4o to interactive tables
Legal Experts Says OpenAI Is in Big Trouble If Scarlett Johansson Decides to Sue
[D]How is Machine Learning/Deep Learning being used in Financial Trading?
Humans can barely distinguish AI-generated content from human-created content
Amazon is reportedly planning a major Alexa update to keep up with new OpenAI and Google assistants
Microsoft Edge will use AI to translate YouTube videos while you watch
Poking parts of Sonnet's brain to make it less annoying
Understand the difference between quantitative and categorical features
Reliance's New Venture Tira Bets on AI Tools to Push Into Sizzling Indian Beauty Market
Qura AI: Revolutionizing Social Media Growth
Nvidia, Powered by A.I. Boom, Reports Soaring Revenue and Profits
OpenAI's News Corp deal licenses content from WSJ, New York Post, and more
5 ways Amazon can make an AI-powered Alexa subscription worth the cost
German AI translation start-up DeepL valued at $2 bn
India's BluSmart is testing its ride-hailing service in Dubai
Treat AI News Like a River, Not a Bucket
Nvidia's Jensen Huang gave us all the details on when its new big-ticket AI chip will hit the market
Lawyers say OpenAI could be in real trouble with Scarlett Johansson
Truecaller partners with Microsoft's Azure AI Speech to let its AI Assistant users create an AI version of their voice to answer calls based on a recorded clip (Emilia David/The Verge)
Web Extraction with Vision-LLMs Done the Right Way: Structured Data From Any URL with GPT-4o
Efficient Data Management with Prisma, Fly.io, and LiteFS Configuration
Apple Researchers Propose KV-Runahead: An Efficient Parallel LLM Inference Technique to Minimize the Time-to-First-Token
Google Home pro tip: How to use Gemini to broadcast messages between your Nest devices
Nvidia's future in scientific computing hinges on a melding of AI and HPC
Documents and sources: OpenAI hired an actress to create ChatGPT's Sky voice months before Sam Altman contacted Scarlett Johansson (Nitasha Tiku/Washington Post)
News Corp and OpenAI announce a multiyear agreement to bring News Corp's news content to OpenAI; sources: the deal could be worth $250M over five years (Wall Street Journal)
Optimizing Databricks LLM Pipelines with DSPy
Portland-based Hydrolix, a data lake service that offers a repository for log data, raised a $35M Series B led by S3 Ventures, bringing its total raised to $68M (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Nvidia Clears the Way for AI Stocks to Keep Powering Higher
Lawmakers advance bill to tighten White House grip on AI model exports
PostgreSQL to NATS Streaming
Numeric Data Types in SQL: A Comprehensive Guide
Artificial Intelligence For Newbies
Microsoft Build: Everything You Need to Know About Copilot+
FCC proposes all AI-generated content in political ads must be disclosed
Nvidia reports stratospheric growth as AI boom shows no sign of stopping
Nvidia just keeps hitting it out of the park
History, AI, and Non-Consumption: Part I, Winter is Coming!
Windows PowerToys adds Advanced Paste with AI features
Der Settings Ordner - django in Produktion Teil 4
CHAT GPT4o's Filetypes for Github - Noobs like me
A Lambo - LibSQL Native Extension/Driver/Whatever
OpenAI and Wall Street Journal owner News Corp sign content deal
FCC boss wants political ads to admit when they were made using AI
How to use ChatGPT in Arc Browser on MacOS
Safe Reinforcement Learning: Ensuring Safety in RL
Top ChatGPT Prompts Every Developer Should Know
OpenAI Inks Deal With Wall Street Journal Publisher News Corp.
Symfony App Config in 2 steps
Understanding SQL Data Types: A Comprehensive Guide with Examples
Microsoft CEO Bashes Human-Like AI After OpenAI's Scarlett Johansson Scandal
Microsoft Build 2024: Copilot AI Will Gain 'Personal Assistant' and Custom Agent Capabilities
Leaked OpenAI docs show aggressive tactics toward ex-employees and contradict leadership's comments about being unaware of provisions about equity cancellation (Kelsey Piper/Vox)
Meta's new AI council is comprised entirely of white men
Truecaller and Microsoft will let users make an AI voice to answer calls
Gen AI Just Got a Little Less Opaque
Nvidia reports Q1 revenue up 262% YoY to $26.04B, vs. $24.65B est., forecasts Q2 revenue above estimates, and announces a 10-for-1 stock split (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Google Is Already Jamming Advertisements Into Its Crappy AI
Nvidia will now make new AI chips every year
OpenAI will reportedly pay $250 million to put News Corp's journalism in ChatGPT
Understanding the Basics of Quantum Programming
Meta says AI-generated election content is not happening at a  systemic level
Demystifying Angular 17 SSR: A Simple Guide to Understanding the Rendering Process
HTML Script Element Attributes: async vs. defer vs. type='module'
Another OpenAI employee announced she quit over safety concerns hours before two exec resigned
Mastering Character Data Types in SQL: A Comprehensive Guide
The Washington Post Tells Staff It's Pivoting to AI
Seoul summit showcases UK's progress on trying to make advanced AI safe
Integrating AI with Grace: The Gemini SDK and Flutter - Part 3
This AI Paper by the National University of Singapore Introduces MambaOut: Streamlining Visual Models for Improved Accuracy
Understanding LLM Performance in Snowflake Using Weights & Biases And Snowpark Container Services
Microsoft Promises a 'Whale' for GPT-5, Anthropic Delves Inside a Model's Mind and Altman Stumbles
[Research] How Can Understanding Sparse Autoencoders in Claude 3 Sonnet Influence Practical AI Applications?
How to Avoid Getting Replaced by GPT-4o
Khoj: Personal Opensource AI Copilot - Deploy Powerful Autonomous AI Agents!
Datalking #1: So, the machine is learning... How?
Praktika, which lets users create personalized AI-powered avatars to make learning a language feel more natural, raised a $35.5M Series A led by Blossom Capital (Mike Butcher/TechCrunch)
'AI Chips Will Eventually Replace GPUs and Even NVIDIA Knows This'
Unified Modeling Language - Class Diagram
Why you should not be using AI as a writing assistant
[D] What are Geoff Hinton's current thoughts on backpropogation as a learning mechanism in the brain?
China creates LLM trained to discuss Xi Jinping's philosophies
Despite recent apologies and reassurances, documents leaked to Vox show OpenAI pressured departing employees over equity
Automatic segmentation and classification of frontal sinuses for sex determination from CBCT scans using a two-stage anatomy-guided attention network
Researchers at Stanford Propose TRANSIC: A Human-in-the-Loop Method to Handle the Sim-to-Real Transfer of Policies for Contact-Rich Manipulation Tasks
Ex-Reddit CEO says tech giants are shipping subpar products because they are obsessed with winning the AI race
[D] Mistral-7B-v0.3 instruct vs Llama-3 8B Instruct eval in the Medical domain
Topic: board
Topic: claim
Topic: campaigns
Topic: chat
Topic: api
Topic: culture
Topic: chips
Topic: network
Topic: geoff
Topic: apple
Topic: ai stocks
Topic: china
Topic: advanced ai
Topic: angular
Topic: cars
Topic: ai research
Topic: ai features
Topic: building
Topic: geoff hinton
Topic: investment
Topic: ai and media
Topic: artifical intelligence
Topic: advice
Topic: extraction
Topic: data quality
Topic: ai news
Topic: analyze
Topic: cs.cl
Topic: conversational
Topic: causal inference
Topic: agi
Topic: ai applications
Topic: cases
Topic: coding
Topic: astra
Topic: announcements
Topic: industry
Topic: driving
Topic: extension
Topic: employee
Topic: current
Topic: chatbots
Topic: exit
Topic: app
Topic: executive
Topic: databases
Topic: ai startups
Topic: antitrust
Topic: categorical
Topic: bill
Topic: ai-generated content
Topic: and natural language processing
Topic: ai race
Topic: modeling
Topic: computer science
Topic: llama
Topic: application
Topic: assistant
Topic: artificial intelligence tools
Topic: artificial
Topic: guide
Topic: data
Topic: cohen
Topic: ai tools
Topic: chatbot
Topic: ai expo
Topic: databricks
Topic: airpods
Topic: ai advances
Topic: frameworks
Topic: ai voice
Topic: advanced ai models
Topic: ai pact
Topic: career advice
Topic: boss
Topic: equity
Topic: ai industry
Topic: chinese
Topic: abstract
Topic: cs.cv
Topic: chat gpt
Topic: example
Topic: bard
Topic: agent
Topic: david pierce
Topic: look
Topic: front
Topic: academic
Topic: agents
Topic: ai chatbot
Topic: brain
Topic: counter
Topic: illustration
Topic: billion
Topic: ai in practice
Topic: april
Topic: fcc
Topic: aws
Topic: server
Topic: demand
Topic: beginner
Topic: actors and actresses
Topic: arc browser
Topic: clear
Topic: begun
Topic: ai model
Topic: benchmarking
Topic: enterprise
Topic: ai shorts
Topic: cheat sheets
Topic: article
Topic: difference
Topic: everything
Topic: ai gpus
Topic: hal
Topic: chip
Topic: bullish
Topic: meta
Topic: algorithm
Topic: examples
Topic: actor
Topic: consumer
Topic: python
Topic: ai models
Topic: ai assistants
Topic: joel
Topic: create
Topic: blusmart
Topic: anchors
Topic: chrome
Topic: agreement
Topic: leaked
Topic: easy
Topic: ai and society
Topic: avatars
Topic: attention
Topic: ai speech
Topic: attributes
Topic: language
Topic: dashboard
Topic: concepts
Topic: data science
Topic: ai alignment
Topic: access
Topic: arc
Topic: 2 in 1 laptop
Topic: datascience
Topic: big data
Topic: context
Topic: broadcast
Topic: artists
Topic: artificial intelligence
Topic: kyle
Topic: augmented reality
Topic: founder
Topic: ai search
Topic: ai pin
Topic: ai origins & evolution
Topic: email
Topic: basics
Topic: careers
Topic: build
Topic: adversarial
Topic: city
Topic: big
Topic: book
Topic: event
Topic: ai assistant
Topic: openai
Topic: career-development
Topic: ai coding
Topic: class
Topic: ai space
Topic: async
Topic: men
Topic: ai agents
Topic: employees
Topic: devices
Topic: drive
Topic: cs.gr
Topic: ceo
Topic: author
Topic: color
Topic: classification
Topic: chronos
Topic: llama 3
Topic: map
Topic: assistants
Topic: america
Topic: capabilities
Topic: advance
Topic: creators
Topic: ai
Topic: business
Topic: code
Topic: aim
Topic: dash
Topic: clinical
Topic: alexa
Topic: asr
Topic: ai paper summary
Topic: brands
Topic: ai-powered
Topic: advances
Topic: articles
Topic: database
Topic: expect
Topic: automaton
Topic: amazon
Topic: ai chatbots
Topic: anthropic
Topic: causal
Topic: business logic
Topic: apps
Topic: cyberspace
Topic: concerns
Topic: arxiv
Topic: ai chips
Topic: blackwell
Topic: adversarial attacks
Topic: directory
Topic: alex
Topic: etc
Topic: conversational ai
Topic: buying-guide
Topic: reason
Topic: dspy
Topic: advanced
Topic: autonomous
Topic: daily
Topic: ai paper
Topic: advantages
Topic: bloomberg
Topic: deal
Topic: benchmark
Topic: boom
Topic: fun
Topic: automation
Topic: django
Topic: challenges
Topic: documents
Topic: analysis
Topic: architectures
Topic: ai technology
Topic: ai systems
Topic: azure
Topic: cs.ai
Topic: audio
Topic: machinelearning
Topic: bing
Topic: scans
Topic: wir
Topic: create chatgpt
Topic: center
Topic: browser
Topic: chatgpt
Topic: llms
Topic: conversation
Topic: analysts
Topic: context learning
Topic: agency
Topic: autoencoders
Topic: fix
Topic: competitors
Topic: computing
Topic: buildwithgemini
Topic: featured
Topic: accuracy
Topic: ai chip
Topic: journal
Topic: ai business
Topic: control
Topic: benefits
Topic: commission
Topic: design
Topic: beginners
Topic: config
Topic: leadership
Topic: david
Topic: companies
Topic: applications
Topic: digital
Topic: ai capabilities
Topic: automatic speech recognition
Topic: ai news & update
Topic: generated
Topic: art
Topic: replace
Topic: capital
Topic: artificial intelligence (ai)
Topic: ai studio
Topic: data lake
Topic: domain
Topic: cloud
Topic: ads
Topic: affordable
Topic: capability
Topic: lake
Topic: ai apps
Topic: announcement
Topic: altman
Topic: development
Mapping the Mind of a Large Language Model
Read AI about it... OpenAI does deal with News Corp
Build a Bot Like ChatGPT: A Step-by-Step Guide
Topic: baby
Topic: codingproductivity
My React Experience: From Zero to Hero (Well, Baby Hero)
Topic: genai
Topic: backend
Topic: community
Topic: large language
Topic: career
Topic: burnout
Meta names four men to a new tech advisory council, months after disbanding its Responsible AI division
Topic: codebase
Topic: ai integration
Topic: celebrities
Amazon is Considering $20 Monthly Subscription for GenAI Enhanced Alexa
Topic: data privacy
DeepCode: Your AI Assistant for Coding and Code Analysis
Topic: hkg:992
Then let's talk about discreteness, and what are the advantages of Java over SQL?
AI and CRISPR: Revolutionizing Genome Editing and Precision Medicine
Topic: aircraft
Sloan's Inbox: Any advice for avoiding burnout?
Topic: lenovo group ltd
Topic: greg
Topic: bot
Topic: basic
OpenAI didn't intend to copy Scarlett Johansson's voice, 'The Washington Post' reports
Topic: akash ambani
Topic: communication
Topic: computational
Topic: lenovo
This Akash Ambani-Backed Startup is Building Multilingual LLMs for India
Topic: deals
Topic: subscription
Topic: age
Topic: actors
Lenovo Beats Estimates With AI Helping PC Sales Rebound
Topic: ai pc
Topic: language model
Tracking Celebrity Flights in Python!
Topic: brad
Topic: internet
Topic: bigquery
How to Set Up a MySQL Master-Slave Replication in Docker
Topic: consciousness
Topic: asml
Platonic Representation: Are AI Deep Network Models Converging?
Topic: clustering
Topic: deep dive
Clustering in BigQuery (Dynamic Filters & External Queries)
Topic: datasets
Topic: financial
Topic: aggregation
Topic: exodus
Topic: blog
Topic: compose
Topic: brad smith
Topic: automate
Topic: breaking
The world's top chipmakers can push a 'kill switch' should China invade Taiwan, Bloomberg reports
Topic: functions
Topic: costs
Topic: array
Topic: fair
The Ultimate Guide to Finding Outliers in Your Time-Series Data (Part 1)
Jack Dorsey doesn't think that Twitter is 'the closest form of global consciousness' anymore
Turn Your Python Function into a Decorator with One Line of Code
Topic: become
Topic: aritificial-intelligence
12 Indian GenAI Startups Building Insane Products You Should Know About
Topic: nvidia
Reinforcement Learning, Part 3: Monte Carlo Methods
Topic: backup
Topic: concept
Increase Your Code Coverage with Cover-Agent
In an interview, Brad Smith says Microsoft's deal with UAE-based AI firm G42 could eventually involve the transfer of key US chips and AI technology abroad (Stephen Nellis/Reuters)
Topic: column
Topic: apply
Topic: ai video
Array Manipulation: A Deep Dive into Insertions and Deletions
Topic: detection
Topic: gen
Mistral AI Team Releases The Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.3: An Instruct Fine-Tuned Version of the Mistral-7B-v0.3
NVIDIA Reports Record-Breaking 600% YoY Profit Increase
Topic: act
Topic: common sense
Topic: competition
How to apply RLS based on multiple columns in Power BI
Topic: cost
Topic: gen ai
Meta's Yann LeCun says LLMs won't reach human intelligence and instead FAIR is working on a  world modeling  vision, to create AI that can develop common sense (Financial Times)
Topic: buckle up
Topic: human
Topic: function
Topic: access-control
Topic: anomaly detection
Topic: games
Topic: deep-dives
Handling NULLs in PostgreSQL: Alternatives to ISNULL
Topic: arrays
How to Master Joining and Splitting Numpy Arrays: A Comprehensive Guide
Nvidia rides the AI wave to record revenue growth
Topic: case
Topic: hands-on-tutorials
Topic: coalesce
OpenAI partners with News Corp while regulators sleep on its media strategy
Topic: feature
Topic: cognitive
Reinforcement Learning From Scratch: Deep Q-Networks
Topic: cassandra
Topic: books and literature
Topic: dementia
Unlock the Power of AI Agents: A Comprehensive Guide!
Unlocking the Power of Semantic HTML: Building Meaningful Web Content
Topic: accessibility
I stumbled upon LLM Kryptonite   and no one wants to fix this model-breaking bug
Topic: adapt
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says 'demand is just so strong' for its hot AI chips
Topic: brand
Small Language Models: Using 3.8B Phi-3 and 8B Llama-3 Models on a PC and Raspberry Pi
Topic: advancement
Topic: decoder
OpenRLHF: An Open-Source AI Framework Enabling Efficient Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback RLHF Scaling
Topic: ai cloud
Top Courses on Statistics in 2024
Touchcast, Microsoft Collaborate on LLM & Cognitive Caching for GenAI
Topic: advanced computing
Ex-Google CEO says the US and China's most powerful AI systems may one day be stored in military bases and surrounded by machine guns
What do they do in DL/ML roles?
Topic: azure openai
Ola Has Nothing to Do with Microsoft Azure Anymore
Topic: llm
Topic: azure data
Topic: box
Topic: cs.cr
Topic: course
Mistral 7B gets new version with Function Calling
Topic: deeplearning
Demystifying Vision-Language Models: An In-Depth Exploration
Researchers at the University of Freiburg and Bosch AI Propose HW-GPT-Bench: A Hardware-Aware Language Model Surrogate Benchmark
Box CEO on how generative AI can turn the mostly unstructured data inside enterprises into valuable knowledge, enabling greater automation of workflows and more (Aaron Levie/@levie)
Topic: ai framework
Topic: aaron levie
Federated Learning: Decentralizing AI to Enhance Privacy and Security
Topic: ai pcs
Topic: every
Topic: launch
Topic: computers
Topic: conference
Topic: boosting
Topic: emails
How ChatGPT Can Transform Your Work and Study Routines: Practical Tips and Personal Insights
Topic: civilization
Microsoft's new AI PCs will screenshot everything every 2 seconds
Topic: ever
Topic: arm
Topic: leader
Amazon, Meta-Backed Scale AI Raises $1B, Boosting Value to $13.8B
Topic: ai company
Topic: css
Language as a universal learning machine
Azure Databricks API Chatbot Integration
OpenAI signs landmark content deal with News Corp
Europe's AI stars step out of US shadow
Topic: developer
Topic: analysis tools
Google Brings Gemini Nano to Chrome to Enable On-Device Generative AI
News Corp makes deal to let OpenAI use its content
Topic: ai translation
[DAY 9-11] I Learned CSS Box Model, Flexbox, Typography, HTML Accessibility, & Built A Tribute Page
Topic: analyst
Microsoft users report a massive outage impacting Bing.com, Copilot for web and mobile, Copilot in Windows, and more; ChatGPT and DuckDuckGo have similar issues (Mayank Parmar/BleepingComputer)
Presentation: Large Language Models for Code: Exploring the Landscape, Opportunities, and Challenges
Lunit completes acquisition of Volpara
Lumina-T2X: A Unified AI Framework for Text to Any Modality Generation
Chat with your CSV using DuckDB and Vanna.ai
Kim Launches Firms 'AI Technology Use and Compliance Application'
Topic: application programming interface
Niantic Uses Meta Llama Models To Generate Creative Behaviours in Latest Mobile Game Peridot
Autonomous shipping startup Orca AI tops up with $23M led by OCV Partners and MizMaa Ventures
Topic: copilot
Let's build a simple MLOps workflow on AWS! #2 - Building infrastructure on AWS
Topic: future
Topic: product
[P] ReproModel: Open Source ML Research Toolbox.
Jensen Huang: There's 20,000 AI startups wanting our kit
Topic: breast cancer screening
Topic: acquisition
Topic: csv
Topic: check
Topic: analytics
Topic: duckduckgo
Topic: duckdb
Topic: web
Topic: and compliance
Bing's API is down, taking Microsoft Copilot, DuckDuckGo and ChatGPT's web search feature down too
Topic: computer
Usermaven 2.0
Topic: ahmed
Topic: autonomous driving
Topic: harris
Topic: corporate
Topic: head
Nightfall Launches Firewall for AI to Secure GPT-4o
Topic: ai misinformation
Topic: ai governance
Topic: collaboration
Topic: darpa
Darpa-Backed Startup Seeks $70 Million to Join AI Chip Goldrush
Topic: deepfakes
Topic: disaster
Topic: efficiency
Topic: ai training
Topic: customers
Rio Tinto, Japan and AI Feature at Sohn Forum in Hong Kong
Humane seeks AI Pin exit
Topic: automaker
Topic: error
Casper Labs announces Prove AI, a comprehensive AI governance solution
Topic: brazil
Avatier Identity & Access Management for IBM i Environments
Topic: attacks
As Nvidia's business booms, a look at some potential issues: rivals and key customers making their own AI chips, startups struggling to monetize AI, and more (Asa Fitch/Wall Street Journal)
Topic: ai training data
Failing to replicate 'Deep Residual Learning'  [P]
Topic: axios
Topic: facebook
Brazil's flood disaster set off a torrent of AI misinformation
The new Kia EV3 will have an AI assistant with ChatGPT DNA
Topic: access management
From Nvidia to The Trump Organization: The best and worst reputable companies in 2024
Takeaways: How intelligence agencies' are cautiously embracing generative AI
Topic: car
This AI Paper Introduces Evo: A Genomic Foundation Model that Enables Prediction and Generation Tasks from the Molecular to Genome-Scale
Topic: change
Topic: chatgpt internet
Topic: climate
Topic: books
Hey, Zoey by Sarah Crossan review   'the perfect girlfriend'
Microsoft outage impacts Bing, Copilot, ChatGPT internet search and other sites
Nvidia reports impressive quarterly profits and annual growth in data centre business of 427%
Microsoft Bing issue takes down Copilot, DuckDuckGo, and ChatGPT search features
Data-Driven Sustainability: Beyond Numbers, Towards Action
Topic: centre
Topic: fiction
Topic: amd
Creating Lucy: Developing an AI-Powered Slack Assistant with Memory
Topic: cai
AI is an energy hog. This is what it means for climate change.
Leveraging AI in Real Estate Apps: A Comprehensive Guide
Topic: broadcom
Topic: action
Topic: carbon
Topic: inside
Apparently, OpenAI didn't do anything wrong regarding Scarlett Johansson's voice
Buying a piece of Nvidia is about to get a whole lot cheaper
Topic: chipotle
Topic: earnings
OpenAI Confirms that Sky's Voice Actress was Casted Months before Altman Contacted Johansson
Topic: europe
Topic: partner
Edge 398: Inside Phi-3: Microsoft's Amazing Small Language Model
Topic: family
Topic: nms:aapl
Topic: berkshire hathaway
Nvidia's Indispensable Partner Taiwan Inaugurates New President
Azure Copilot: An AI assistant for Azure ops and troubleshooting
Integrating ChatGPT with a React.js and Node.js Web Application
Topic: emmanuel macron
Topic: iphones
Topic: enterprise ai
AWS Invests $17B in Spain for Cloud, AI Infrastructure Expansion
Topic: ai infrastructure
Topic: ai-powered search
Microsoft Loves OpenAI, but OpenAI is Crushing on Apple
Topic: emissions
Inside the Reluctant Fight to Ban Deepfake Ads
Topic: mistral
Macron Says He'd Prefer That Mistral AI Grow 'on Their Own'
Topic: amazon.com
Topic: edge
Topic: ban
Recap of Google I/O 2024: Gemini 1.5, Project Astra, AI-powered Search Engine
Snowflake Proves AI is Not Just at the Tip of its Iceberg
Topic: ai services
Amazon investors vote to reject all 14 resolutions that asked to disclose more on its carbon emissions and directors' donations, form an AI committee, and more (Greg Bensinger/Reuters)
Topic: benefit
ChatGPT's use of a soundalike Scarlett Johansson reflects a troubling history of gender-stereotyping in technology
Video Shows OpenAI Engineer Admitting It's  Deeply Unfair  to  Build AI and Take Everyone's Job Away
Topic: anthropic claude 3
MedVersa: A Game-Changer Generalist Learner for Versatile Medical Image Interpretation
Topic: military
Faked Biden Robocall Results in Charges for Democratic Operative
Topic: biden
Topic: glyph
Topic: bitcoin
Topic: ai deep learning
AI poised to usher in new level of concierge services to the public
Topic: 2024 election
Unveiling the Leaders in Data and AI: The 2024 Finalists for the Databricks Data Visionary Award
Topic: nys:jpm
Topic: adobe
Researchers develop large-scale neuromorphic chip with novel instruction set architecture and on-chip learning
Topic: clone
Topic: ai photo editing
Topic: enabling
Political consultant behind the Joe Biden deepfake robocalls faces $6 million fine
Topic: history
What OpenAI's deal with News Corp means for journalism (and for you)
Topic: authors
Topic: click
Roll Up Your Sleeves: 9 Data and Machine Learning Project Walkthroughs You Should Explore
Nursing Leadership Is Crucial to Using Virtual Care Effectively
Topic: civitai
China's military is surrounding Taiwan, sending its new president an unmistakable message
Topic: ai copilot
Topic: environment
This AI Paper Introduces KernelSHAP-IQ: Weighted Least Square Optimization for Shapley Interactions
Topic: giving
Topic: ai images
Topic: features
Sources: Samsung's HBM3 chips have yet to pass Nvidia's tests for use in the US company's AI processors due to heat and power consumption problems (Reuters)
Snowflake Arctic, a New AI LLM for Enterprise Tasks, is Coming to APAC
LLMWare.ai Selected for 2024 GitHub Accelerator: Enabling the Next Wave of Innovation in Enterprise RAG with Small Specialized Language Models
Can Scale Become the 'Data Foundry' for AI?
Why Every Business May Soon Need an AI Agent
Unlocking cryptocurrency profits: AI-powered trading strategies tame market swings
Google Announces Major Updates to Gemini AI: Enhancing Capabilities and Expanding Access
Understanding Lasso Regularization: Enhancing Model Performance and Feature Selection
I have always been a great supporter of OpenSource AI Models/Projects. Here is a cool one 'LLMWare.ai' that has been selected for the 2024 GitHub Accelerator: Enabling the Next Wave of Innovation in Enterprise RAG with Small Specialized Language Mode
Topic: co-pilot
Meta and Google want to make AI deals with Hollywood studios
Topic: beyond
Topic: classification model
OpenAI Releases Former Staffers From Non-Disparagement Clauses
AI Acts: How Can Companies build Their AI Governance Frameworks?
Using memes, social media users have become red teams for half-baked AI features
Topic: ai development
Topic: democratic
Topic: alphabet
Build a Recommendation System using BERT & Pinecone
Topic: fundamentals
Topic: ai in cybersecurity
How to Use the  Tag with Multiple Values Using the map Method in React.js
Topic: arts & entertainment
The White House issues a call to action seeking companies' voluntary commitment to curb the creation, spread, and monetization of nonconsensual sexual AI images (Associated Press)
Topic: arjun
Hunyuan-DiT: A Text-to-Image Diffusion Transformer with Fine-Grained Understanding of Both English and Chinese
Topic: for you
A 1,200% Surge Tests Nerves of Investors in Korean AI Chip Stock
Topic: diffusion
Topic: contracts
How do data scientists handle GPL Licensing? Example: an object detector in a Commercial app
Topic: cloud computing
Topic: apac
Topic: clip
Topic: ai processors
Topic: ai overview
Sources: Meta is considering charging users for a more advanced version of Meta AI and is developing AI agents that can complete tasks without human supervision (Kalley Huang/The Information)
AI headphones let wearer listen to a single person in a crowd by looking at them just once
Topic: junit
Even J.Lo in a mech suit can't save Netflix's by-the-numbers AI thriller
Topic: benchmarks
Topic: gender
Topic: commercial
Topic: communications
Topic: foundation
OpenAI Leaders Address Staff Concerns Over Equity, Johansson
Microsoft is turning Windows Copilot into a regular app - and here's why you'll like it
Topic: ai workloads
[R] Introducing SSAMBA: The Self-Supervised Audio Mamba!
Topic: imagine
CyberArk Unveils CORA AI to Empower Enterprises with AI-Driven Identity Security
OpenAI Changes Journalism Forever with its Multi-Year Global Partnership with News Corp.
Topic: binary
Topic: elon
Topic: blockchain
The Kia EV3 will have over 300 miles of range and a ChatGPT-like AI assistant
How to Download (wget) Models from CivitAI & Hugging Face (HF) & upload into HF including privates
Topic: charging
Evaluating the Necessity of Mamba Mechanisms in Visual Recognition Tasks-MambaOut
Topic: challenge
Topic: accelerator
Topic: ai software
Topic: java
Topic: learn
Testando das trincheiras: Como criar mocks e stubs dinmico com mockito em java
Unleashing the Power of Graph and Vector Databases in the Age of Generative AI
Topic: architecture
Topic: eu ai act
Former Facebook engineer says coding with an AI copilot is like working with a 'demigod'
Topic: aiediting
Robocaller behind AI Biden deepfake faces charges and hefty FCC fine
Topic: ai-generated video
Canva Debuts AI-Powered Enterprise Suite to Challenge Adobe
Leaked OpenAI Documents Show Sam Altman Was Clearly Aware of Silencing Former Employees
Topic: ai-driven
Topic: ai video generation
Topic: explore
Topic: ai developers
Tribe Capital: 50x Future Growth Pattern for xAI, OpenAI
Topic: arctic
Topic: embeddings
Topic: investors
Artificial Intelligence in Software Development: Discussing the Ethics
Tesla lobbies for Elon and Kia taps into the GenAI hype
Topic: discuss
Topic: alexandr wang
Topic: deep-neural-networks
Democratic consultant who masterminded AI-generated fake Biden robocall scheme indicted on 26 charges
EDB unveils EDB Postgres AI
Topic: consumption
Topic: extra
Topic: machine
Microsoft's Azure AI Speech lets Truecaller users create an AI assistant with their own voice
Topic: free
OpenAI releases a majority of past employees from nondisparagement agreements tied to their exit contracts and would not seek to cancel staffers' vested equity (Bloomberg)
Topic: ibm
Topic: cryptocurrency
Topic: campaign
Topic: exercise
Topic: computer vision
Screenshots of Google's AI Overview giving bizarre answers go viral, including telling users to add  1/8 cup of non-toxic glue  to make cheese stick on a pizza (Jyoti Mann/Business Insider)
Topic: awards
Topic: bert
A Grand Unified Theory of the AI Hype Cycle
Topic: data and ai
Google Rolls Out Its Powerful AI Photo Editing Tools to Older Smartphones
3 Ways Building Generative AI Side Projects Will Benefit Your Coding Career
Topic: annotation
Anthropic's Generative AI Research Reveals More About How LLMs Affect Security and Bias
Topic: cloning
Topic: bandwidth
Topic: atlas
Topic: fight
Topic: devs
[P] Learn to Binarize CLIP (&SigLIP) for Multimodal Retrieval and Ranking
Chatbots Vs. Humans
Topic: defense
Topic: eventually
Topic: controversies
Returning HTML With fetch (with using package) (javascript)
Topic: html
Musk's xAI Nears Close of Deal Valuing Startup at $24 Billion
[D] Paperswithcode relevant?
Topic: consultant
Topic: military & defense
Topic: ai photo
Topic: ethics-in-tech
Topic: businesses
Topic: apocalypse
$6M fine for robocaller who used AI to clone Biden's voice
Topic: administration
Sources: Alphabet and Meta are in talks with Hollywood studios about licensing content for use in AI video generation tools; Disney and Netflix aren't willing (Lucas Shaw/Bloomberg)
Topic: business insider
Topic: associated press
Topic: ai projects
Topic: diffusion transformer
Microsoft's deal with UAE's G42 gives US politicos the fear
PyTorch Native FP8
The scaleup helping 40 countries with cyber defence: 'The new AI malware is like Ebola'
Exploring the Frontiers of Artificial Intelligence: A Comprehensive Analysis of Reinforcement Learning, Generative Adversarial Networks, and Ethical Implications in Modern AI Systems
Exploring Data with NumPy: A Guide to Statistical Functions in Python
A Cascade Dual-Decoder Model for Joint Entity and Relation Extraction
CompA: Addressing the Gap in Compositional Reasoning in Audio-Language Models
YOLOv9 vs. YOLOv8: Segmentation & Fine-Tuning Guide
Federated Domain-Specific Knowledge Transfer on Large Language Models Using Synthetic Data
Mamo: a Mathematical Modeling Benchmark with Solvers
Multiscale Augmented Normalizing Flows for Image Compression
What Makes Amazon Q Different from Microsoft Copilot?
Can LLMs Solve longer Math Word Problems Better?
Adobe Rolls Out GenAI Powered One-Click Object Removal in Lightroom
Additive Decision Trees
HippoRAG: Neurobiologically Inspired Long-Term Memory for Large Language Models
RecycleGPT: An Autoregressive Language Model with Recyclable Module
CAPE: Context-Adaptive Positional Encoding for Length Extrapolation
Quoting Scott Jenson
Sources: Nvidia cuts price of its China-specific H20 chip, selling it below Huawei's Ascend 910B, underscoring the challenges Nvidia faces amid US sanctions (Fanny Potkin/Reuters)
Synthetic Query Generation for Privacy-Preserving Deep Retrieval Systems using Differentially Private Language Models
Prompt-Time Ontology-Driven Symbolic Knowledge Capture with Large Language Models
Some goofy results from 'AI Overviews' in Google Search
Evaluation of the Programming Skills of Large Language Models
Proto-MPC: An Encoder-Prototype-Decoder Approach for Quadrotor Control in Challenging Winds
Contextualized Automatic Speech Recognition with Dynamic Vocabulary
Sunnie: An Anthropomorphic LLM-Based Conversational Agent for Mental Well-Being Activity Recommendation
AWS Introduces Amazon Bedrock Studio for Building Generative AI Applications
Theory of Mind: How GPT-4 and LLaMA-2 Stack Up Against Human Intelligence
Large Language Models Help Reveal Unhealthy Diet and Body Concerns in Online Eating Disorders Communities
Atropos Health, whose AI chatbot helps clinicians generate observational studies on real world data rapidly and at scale, raised a $33M Series B led by Valtruis (Heather Landi/Fierce Healthcare ...)
Lessons from the Trenches on Reproducible Evaluation of Language Models
OpenAI scraps controversial nondisparagement agreement with employees
Explainable Few-shot Knowledge Tracing
CANDLE: Iterative Conceptualization and Instantiation Distillation from Large Language Models for Commonsense Reasoning
A Declarative System for Optimizing AI Workloads
Two Common Pitfalls to Avoid When Doing Cross-Validation
Equivariant plug-and-play image reconstruction
ALI-Agent: Assessing LLMs' Alignment with Human Values via Agent-based Evaluation
Large Language Models-guided Dynamic Adaptation for Temporal Knowledge Graph Reasoning
L-AutoDA: Leveraging Large Language Models for Automated Decision-based Adversarial Attacks
ECLIPSE: Semantic Entropy-LCS for Cross-Lingual Industrial Log Parsing
GPT-4 Jailbreaks Itself with Near-Perfect Success Using Self-Explanation
Machine Translation Models are Zero-Shot Detectors of Translation Direction
Joint Optimization of Streaming and Non-Streaming Automatic Speech Recognition with Multi-Decoder and Knowledge Distillation
MinPrompt: Graph-based Minimal Prompt Data Augmentation for Few-shot Question Answering
CSCD-NS: a Chinese Spelling Check Dataset for Native Speakers
Alibaba Issues Record $4.5 Billion Convertibles to Fund Buybacks
Deep Emotion Recognition in Textual Conversations: A Survey
Cohere AI Releases Aya23 Models: Transformative Multilingual NLP with 8B and 35B Parameter Models
WaterPool: A Watermark Mitigating Trade-offs among Imperceptibility, Efficacy and Robustness
Next.js Boilerplate Builder
Probing for the Usage of Grammatical Number
A Survey of Robotic Language Grounding: Tradeoffs Between Symbols and Embeddings
How Reliable AI Chatbots are for Disease Prediction from Patient Complaints?
Towards Verifiable Generation: A Benchmark for Knowledge-aware Language Model Attribution
The role of cybersecurity in AI system development
Parrot: Enhancing Multi-Turn Instruction Following for Large Language Models
TransliCo: A Contrastive Learning Framework to Address the Script Barrier in Multilingual Pretrained Language Models
Quoting Nivia Henry
Dialogue Agents 101: A Beginner's Guide to Critical Ingredients for Designing Effective Conversational Systems
BERT vs GPT for financial engineering
Tailoring Self-Rationalizers with Multi-Reward Distillation
ReactXT: Understanding Molecular  Reaction-ship  via Reaction-Contextualized Molecule-Text Pretraining
An Embedded Diachronic Sense Change Model with a Case Study from Ancient Greek
FiDeLiS: Faithful Reasoning in Large Language Model for Knowledge Graph Question Answering
Marvelous Agglutinative Language Effect on Cross Lingual Transfer Learning
CustomVideo: Customizing Text-to-Video Generation with Multiple Subjects
Even-if Explanations: Formal Foundations, Priorities and Complexity
Bitune: Bidirectional Instruction-Tuning
Would you board a plane safety-tested by GenAI?
MOKA: Moral Knowledge Augmentation for Moral Event Extraction
Lithuania's Unmanned Defense Systems secures  3.2M to advance AI-based swarm drones
CroCoSum: A Benchmark Dataset for Cross-Lingual Code-Switched Summarization
TrojanRAG: Retrieval-Augmented Generation Can Be Backdoor Driver in Large Language Models
Setting Up Docker Compose for Golang Application
Building a Simple Chatbot using GPT model - part 1
Where to Learn Prompt Engineering
Understanding Low Rank Adaptation (LoRA) in Fine Tuning LLMs
Optimising Non-Linear Treatment Effects in Pricing and Promotions
Glue on pizza? Google's AI Overview shares some wacky answers
Supply Chain Process Scheduling with Python
Nilay Patel reports a hallucinated ChatGPT summary of his own article
TextEmbedding
Max Tegmark says 2024 will be remembered as the year of AI agents and they will be more of a new species than a new technology
PlanetHoster Revolutionizes Hosting with HybridCloud N0C Servers
What are the limits of synthetic data generation?
How we saved our partners  $460,000 and 2,5 months  of work
ScarJo vs. ChatGPT, Neuralink's First Patient Opens Up, and Microsoft's A.I. PCs
Make naked websites look great with matcha.css!
URBX Unveils Robotic Inventory System for Fast Retail Fulfillment
Presentation: Understanding Architectures for Multi-Region Data Residency
Macron: French AI can challenge 'insane' dominance of US and China
Golden Gate Claude
Meta's Chameleon AI Model Seamlessly Handles Text and Images
AWS and GenAI Help Fractal Analytics Reduce Call Handling Times by up to 15%
Transformative Applications of Deep Learning in Regulatory Genomics and Biological Imaging
Genpact/HFS Share Considerations for Intelligent and Sustainable Gen AI Adoption
German AI defence giant Helsing eyes $4B valuation in Series C funding
OpenAI Inks Licensing Deal With News Corp for ChatGPT Training Data
Most Read: AI Voice Generator Hit With Actor Lawsuit
Kyndryl Taps Nvidia in New AI Infrastructure Partnership
A Tiny Mediterranean Island Wants a Piece of the Global AI Frenzy
Lumina AI Joins Intel's Prestigious Lift Off Program for AI Startups
Fake news verification tools fail the test during elections in India
AI Wearables: Transforming Day-To-Day Life
Apple needs its big AI moment
Dell Taps Nvidia's AI Solutions to Power Its AI Factory
Microsoft Build 2024 looks like it's more about AI fluff than developer stuff
Guidelines for Structuring tables in technical writing for GenAI-based agents
Building Agentic RAG with Rust, OpenAI & Qdrant
Generative AI may be creating more work than it saves
5 considerations for Client-side Security
OpenAI controversy: 'Sky' speaks out
word clouds with python
NATO Innovation Fund announces its new investment team
How To Not Be Replaced By AI As A Software Engineer
How to actually use data and AI for scaleup growth
[D] Detecting Objects of Same Shape but Different Colors
LogicBalls.com: A New Era of AI Apps
Early ByteDance Backer Plans One of China's Biggest New VC Funds
Society Separates Those Who are Good at Maths and Those Who Are Not, But AI Doesn't
FCC Considers Mandating AI-Generated Disclosures for Political Ads
Cohere for AI, the nonprofit research arm of AI startup Cohere, announces the open weights release of Aya 23, a family of multilingual language models (Shubham Sharma/VentureBeat)
Dunder Methods in Python
Google's AI Overview Goes Rogue
Quantization and LLMs: Condensing Models to Manageable Sizes
Women in AI: Chinasa T. Okolo researches AI's impact on the Global South
Hyundai is 'doubling down' on EVs despite sales slowdown, CEO says
Alphabet, Meta Try to Partner With Hollywood on AI
Autonomous Vehicle Startup Takes Off by Picking Off Easier Routes
Build a Powerful Video Processing Pipeline with AssemblyAI and Deploy it to Koyeb
Google DeepMind Introduces Semantica, An Adaptable Image-Conditioned Diffusion Model
Q&A with Signal President Meredith Whittaker on the clash with Elon Musk, Telegram's Pavel Durov,  dorm room high-jinks  of OpenAI  edge lords , and more (Mike Butcher/TechCrunch)
AI Seoul Summit: 4 Key Takeaways on AI Safety Standards and Regulations
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's 3.5%+ stake in the company grew from $3B to $90B in five years, as the stock grew 28x in five years and more than doubled this year (Kif Leswing/CNBC)
Engadget Podcast: Microsoft goes Copilot+ crazy
Betty and Veronica Join the Demon Fight as Archie Comics: Judgment Day Continues
Info-Tech Blueprint Reveals How Gen AI Enhances Customer Engagement
OpenAI backpedals on scandalous tactic to silence former employees
The Noonification: Maggie: The Saga of a Baby Translator AI Startup (5/24/2024)
ChatGPT, explained
How to Send i18n HTML Emails from Scripts Using React Email
When's the right time to invest in AI? 4 ways to help you decide
FairProof: An AI System that Uses Zero-Knowledge Proofs to Publicly Verify the Fairness of a Model while Maintaining Confidentiality
Web Extraction with Vision-LLMs: SQL-Ready Data From Any URL with GPT-4o
The Reason That Google's AI Suggests Using Glue on Pizza Shows a Deep Flaw With Tech Companies' AI Obsession
While Meta Stuffs AI Into All Its Products, It's Apparently Helpless to Stop Perverts on Instagram From Publicly Lusting Over Sexualized AI-Generated Children
Accelerating Transformers with NVIDIA cuDNN 9
This week in Dutch tech
RAG With Microsoft Copilot
LLM Handbook: Strategies and Techniques for Practitioners
Google Search Is Now a Giant Hallucination
How I Use nnUNet for Medical Image Segmentation: A Comprehensive Guide
Using Python to Interact with OpenAI's GPT-3.5, GPT-4, and GPT-4o APIs
Google AI search tool reportedly tells users to jump off a bridge and eat rocks
Getting Started with LLM Inference Optimization: Best Resources
China's latest AI chatbot is trained on President Xi Jinping's political ideology
Microsoft Introduces Phi Silica: A 3.3 Billion Parameter AI Model Transforming Efficiency and Performance in Personal Computing
Countries Commit to AI Risk Threshold Sharing at Seoul AI Safety Summit
Universal Data Migration: Using Slingdata to Transfer Data Between Databases
Madagascar's ancient baobab forests are being restored by communities   with a little help from AI
News Corp and AI's next top model | Fiona Katauskas
Unlock & Share data Securely with Amazon Datazone
The Role of AI in Big Data Quality Management
How To Build a Real-Time App With GPT-4o Function Calling
Delta Sharing: Secure End-to-End Data Sharing Solution
From generative AI to digital twins: Powering the next AI revolution
Nutanix Gives an AI Push to End Kubernetes-Adoption Issues
Signal's Meredith Whittaker on the Telegram security clash and the  edge lords  at OpenAI
Intetics Unveils AI-Powered Knowledge Assistants for Business Efficiency
Language Model Alignment: Use-cases and Approaches
Introduction to GUI Programming with Tkinter
AI can predict landmine areas from satellite images
OpenAI tells employees it won't claw back their vested equity
The Missing Piece Your AI-Powered App Needs!
PyramidInfer: Allowing Efficient KV Cache Compression for Scalable LLM Inference
Maggie: The Saga of a Baby Translator AI Startup
AMD's CFO Jean Hu talks CPUs, GPUs and the road ahead
How OpenAI Used Equity to Silence Dissent
Top ML papers of the week
Deep Learning for Time Series Analysis: A Keras Tutorial
Investors Cast Wider Net For AI Winners After Nvidia Delivers
Big tech companies are plowing money into AI startups, which could help them dodge antitrust concerns
For some reason, Google lets AI  answer  medical questions in  Search
ChatGPT has a Scarlett Johansson problem
If you've moved from a Data Analyst role to a Data Science role, what skills did you have to learn to do that successfully
Behind The Scenes: Explaining My Work As A Data Scientist
Create a chatbot with just eight lines of code v.2
Another OpenAI Researcher Quits, Issuing Cryptic Warning
It's not just you, the AI dump feels never-ending right now
Superalignment and Timeline of Broken Promises on The Way to Superintelligence
How to create fine-tuned LLMs with ChatGPT
Researchers analyze the characteristics of AI-generated deepfakes
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of May 24th
Add Vector Search to Your Site
A political consultant faces charges and fines for Biden deepfake robocalls
Feds add nine more incidents to Waymo robotaxi investigation
Video Friday: A Starbucks With 100 Robots
Scraper compania Olinio
ChatGPT still not meeting EU data accuracy standards, says EDPB
The Week's 10 Biggest Funding Rounds: Scale AI's Massive $1B Deal Leads Slower Week
Vocode Setup for GenAI Voice Calls: A Guide for Non-Python Developers
Shaping the Future With Data and AI: Announcing the 2024 Databricks GenAI Innovation Award Finalists
YB-Master, the YugabyteDB Universe control plane
Announcing ODSC West 2024 and the New AI for Robotics Track
Preventing Memory Leaks using Context Managers in Python
Google AI Overviews Search Errors Cause Furor Online
How to Prepare Your Business for the EU AI Act With KPMG's EU AI Hub
Google Search's  udm=14  trick lets you kill AI search for good
SpaceX's Tender Offer and AI in Hollywood | Bloomberg Technology
Last-Mile Deliveries in 2030: Product Trends that Will Change the Industry for the Better
6 Real-World Uses of Microsoft's Newest Phi-3 Vision-Language Model
Google AI said to put glue in pizza &mdash; so I made a pizza with glue and ate it
Skystra Review   The Best New Host on The Market?
Alibaba eyes a future with AI and cloud as dual growth engines
Enterprises Have Just Two Years to Harness the Full Potential of GenAI: Genpact and HFS Report
ChatGPT Answers Programming Questions Incorrectly 52% of the Time: Study
Introducing  Building LLMs for Production
Newsletter #37: Speaker Diarization Now in 5 New Languages            & Latest Speech AI tutorials
Adam Jackson, Co-Founder & CEO of Braintrust   Interview Series
Simulating Life with TensorflowJS
Explainer: What Is Deep Learning?
Streamline Your Prompts to Decrease LLM Costs and Latency
AI headphones let wearer listen to a single person in a crowd, by looking at them just once
I tested this $700 AI device that can translate 40 languages in real time - here's my buying advice
Google's AI Overviews use terrible information sourcing to give you terrible answers
What is Chain-of-Thought (CoT) Prompting? Examples & Benefits
Thomas Dohmke Previews GitHub Copilot Workspace, a Natural Language Programming Interface
LeetCode Meditations: Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
Google says the vast majority of AI Overviews provide high-quality information and many of the viral examples have been uncommon queries or have been doctored (Peter Kafka/Business Insider)
Create an Audio Transcript with Amazon Transcribe
Reducing AWS Lambda Cold Starts
The Onion's Take on OpenAI's Scarlett Johansson Disaster Is Pretty Much Perfect
Educating workplaces about AI will lead to better outcomes, say business leaders
How to Evaluate Your AI Agent
Why Google is (probably) stuck giving out AI answers that may or may not be right
Multi-language Web Novel Scraper in Python
Why Former Employees & Scarlett Johansson Are Questioning OpenAI
Snowflake Looks to AI to Bolster Growth
Security news weekly round-up - 24 May 2024
Beware of Mutable Default Arguments in Python
I tested the $700 AI gadget that can translate 40 languages in real time - here's my buying advice
Bringing generative artificial intelligence to space
Star Wars Just Introduced a Fun New Droid in Galaxy's Edge
How to Use Speech AI for Healthcare Market Research
Topic: algorithms
Topic: contents
Topic: distillation
Topic: android
Topic: autocomplete
Topic: search
Topic: agility
Topic: generative-ai
Topic: blackbox
Topic: cloud hosting
Topic: disney
Topic: assemblyai
Topic: ai act
Topic: conway
Topic: commonsense
Topic: cloud services
Topic: diarization
Topic: multiple
Topic: healthcare
Topic: command
Topic: dataset
Topic: alphafold
Topic: artificial intelligence system
Topic: machine learning
Topic: governance
Topic: errors
Topic: brad lightcap
Topic: another ai
Topic: developers
Topic: emma
Topic: implementation
Topic: gpt-4o
Topic: gartner hype cycle
Topic: artificial neural networks
Topic: cellularautomata
Topic: claude
Topic: ai study
Topic: amazon transcribe
Topic: adam
Topic: huang
Topic: global
Topic: autoregressive model
Topic: ai seoul summit
Topic: johansson
Topic: braintrust
Topic: snapchat
Topic: github
Topic: defects
Topic: ai system
Topic: customer
Topic: ai announcements
Topic: game
Topic: bigger
Topic: depression
Topic: amazon web services
Topic: disneys hollywood studios
Topic: call
Topic: interpreter
Topic: ai trends & future
Topic: files
Topic: found
Topic: artificial intelligence chatbots
Topic: disneyland
Topic: my ai
Topic: audience
Topic: co-founder
Topic: mllm
Topic: drones
Topic: five
Topic: copilot workspace
Topic: computers and the internet
Topic: cli
Topic: ai-safety
Topic: controversy
Topic: disrupt
Topic: bi-illustration
Topic: ai engineering
Topic: decision-tree
Topic: autonomy
Topic: feelings
Topic: ai policy
Topic: events
Topic: began
Topic: bridge
Topic: hub
Topic: maths
Topic: communities
Topic: cnbc
Topic: cold start
Topic: google search
Topic: engineers
Topic: autoencoder
Topic: large language models
Topic: breakdown
Topic: gpt
Topic: experimental
Topic: alibaba
Topic: alphabet inc
Topic: elon musk
Topic: autonomous vehicle
Topic: applications of artificial intelligence
Topic: google
Topic: ai adoption
Topic: calendar
Topic: ai for healthcare
Topic: aerial
Topic: black boxes
Topic: ai hub
Topic: interpretable-predicition
Topic: delivery robots
Topic: ipo
Topic: meredith whittaker
Topic: download
Topic: business-insider-events
Topic: explained
Topic: human interest
Topic: behavior
Topic: good
Topic: enterprises
Topic: asi
Topic: aws lambda
Topic: build 2024
Topic: ai literacy
Topic: ai language models
Topic: digital divide
Topic: king
Topic: a100
Topic: object
Topic: columbia
Topic: containers
Topic: fine-tune
Topic: end-to-end object detection
Building a Multi-Agent System to Accomplish Complex Tasks
Topic: couchbase
YOLOv10: Real-Time End-to-End Object Detection
NVIDIA Shows Once Again Who is the Real King of Generative AI
Topic: docker
Topic: flow
Topic: generative
Finetune Multimodel LLM:IDEFICS 9B using A100
An overview of existing deals between news publishers and AI companies and the questions they raise regarding long-term costs, the selection process, and more (Pete Brown/Columbia Journalism Review)
DIAMOND (DIffusion as a Model of Environment Dreams): A Reinforcement Learning Agent Trained in a Diffusion World Model
MindsDB + Docker: Utilizando SQL e containers para integraes com IA
Topic: computervision
Weekly Updates - May 24, 2024
Topic: ai companies
Topic: mindsdb
Topic: collection
Topic: constraints
Topic: generative models
How Did Someone So Smart Make This Strangely Obvious Mistake
Octo: An Open-Sourced Large Transformer-based Generalist Robot Policy Trained on 800k Trajectories from the Open X-Embodiment Dataset
Topic: diffusion models
Understanding Data Manipulation Language(DML) statements in SQL
CodeCompanion is launching : Take your documentation to the next level
Topic: deepfake
Topic: databaseoperation
Topic: sam
Constraints in SQL: Enforcing Data Integrity
Topic: consistent
Topic: her
Topic: sam altman
Mastering Data Definition Language (DDL) statements in SQL
Man behind deepfake Biden robocall indicted on felony charges, faces $6M fine
Topic: ai-powered tool
StoryDiffusion with Paperspace Notebooks
Topic: images
Topic: gradio
Google scrambles to manually remove weird AI answers in search
Topic: convolutional-network
Topic: glue
Topic: roi
Google says it is  taking swift action  to remove AI Overviews on certain queries  where appropriate under our content policies  (Kylie Robison/The Verge)
Topic: struggle
Exploring the Features of HTML5
Topic: hyperparameter-tuning
Topic: tensorflow-hub
Topic: cios
Where's the ROI for AI? CIOs struggle to find it
Topic: join
Topic: automation tool
Topic: ainews
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (May 24, 2024)
Human x Machine: From Models to Products
Topic: discussions
Topic: customer service
Live CEOing Ep 809: Design Review of Calculus & Algebra Features continued
LaVague: Easily Automate ANY Web-Based Tasks With AI! (Opensource)
AI News: Google's Hilariously Bad FAILURE?!
The Big Shift in AI Safety Discourse
Topic: aitools
A look at the challenges facing AWS' new CEO Matt Garman as the cloud unit battles the perception that it's falling behind Microsoft and Google in AI rollouts (Annie Palmer/CNBC)
AmbientGPT: An Open-Source and Multimodal MacOS Foundation Model GUI
[D] Should Google AI Overview haven been released ?
Topic: classifier
Topic: ai at work
5 New AI Features that will Take Your Productivity to the Next Level
Topic: ai insights & analysis
Dell's stock rose 4.3% to close at $160.18 after reaching a record high on May 24 amid a rally in companies working on generative AI; DELL is up 114.17% in 2024 (Yuvraj Malik/Reuters)
Topic: dell
Topic: rally
Topic: file
Topic: break it down
Topic: assumptions
Google's IDX: The Future of Web Dev? AI Assistant Makes Coding
Topic: conditional-probability
Creating Simple Shaders in WebGL: A Step-by-Step Guide
Getting Started with HTML: Building Blocks of Web Pages
Big tech has distracted world from existential risk of AI, says top scientist
The Art of Stress Management as a Data Scientist
Topic: 3d graphics
Efficient Array Sorting and File I/O Operations in NumPy: A Comprehensive Guide
From Assumptions to Accuracy: The Role of Conditional Probability in Real-World Predictions
Topic: discord
Topic: generative ai tools
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says AI should not be called AI
Level Up Your Dev Skills: Top AI Tools for 2024!
Topic: decisions
Profiling CUDA using Nsight Systems: A Numba Example
Was there no one at Microsoft who looked at Recall and said: This really, really sucks
Elia: An Open Source Terminal UI for Interacting with LLMs
NEW MISTRAL: Uncensored and Powerful with Function Calling
Topic: copilot+ pc
Discover Wit.ai: Create Your Own Intelligent Bots for Free
4IR ep 006 - OpenAI Scandals - California AI Regulations - Consciousness is Ignorance
Topic: deep learning
Topic: pcs
Topic: budgets
Topic: ai foundation
Genpact Report on 'The GenAI Countdown' Warns Against Narrow Productivity Focus, Urges Innovation and Enhanced Employee Experiences
Latest Newsletter: Simulation Theory and Virtual Worlds (Issue #165)
Topic: charts
Google AI Overview's Suggestion of Adding Glue to Pizza Says a Lot About Human Flaws
Topic: missing-data
Topic: ai tutors
Topic: algorithmic bias
Topic: balance
[R] Dataset Decomposition: Faster LLM Training with Variable Sequence Length Curriculum
Topic: engineering
Topic: ai regulations
GPT4o announcement leads to slight growth for ChatGPT Web in May
Topic: fact-checking
An analysis of ChatGPT's answers to 517 programming questions on Stack Overflow: 52% of answers contain misinformation, 77% are more verbose than human answers (Sharon Adarlo/Futurism)
How SLMs like Microsoft's Phi-3, which can run locally on phones or PCs without big compromises, open up new AI use cases by being more responsive and private (Will Knight/Wired)
Topic: futurism
Topic: cuda
If Scarlett Johansson can't bring the AI firms to heel, what hope for the rest of us? | John Naughton
Who's Going to Buy Humane for a Billion Dollars?
Topic: bugs
Large Language Model (LLM): In and Out
Is Learning AI Essential for Software Engineers?
Topic: ai data
Topic: approximation
EP1: Fraud Detection at Scale   Stripe Radar Case Study
Topic: construction
Topic: cleancode
Topic: bitcoin mining
Topic: apache kafka
[R] YOLOv10: Real-Time End-to-End Object Detection
How Data Visualization Enhances Understanding: A Matplotlib Primer
Topic: context length
Topic: ai overviews
Women in AI: Sarah Myers West says we should ask, 'Why build AI at all?'
LangChain: Function Calling
The Past, Present, and Future of Data Quality Management: Understanding Testing, Monitoring, and.
Topic: 3d models
The Mythological Language of AIs
Users from the EU can opt out of Meta's AI data use, but they'll have to justify their request
Enhancing Neural Network Interpretability and Performance with Wavelet-Integrated Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (Wav-KAN)
Topic: chunking
GENERATE 3D MODELS FROM TEXT
A test of 11 WhatsApp-based fact-checking  tip lines  during elections in India finds long delays and inconsistencies in responses (Rest of World)
Create Your Own Dungeons and Dragons Characters
Topic: apache
EU data watchdogs tell OpenAI there's more work to do on ChatGPT
Topic: apple ipad
Interpretable Outlier Detection: Frequent Patterns Outlier Factor (FPOF)
Topic: editors pick
Topic: english
Topic: director
Topic: outlier-detection
Topic: accountability
What Will Be The Big Trend After Generative AI?
Topic: ai era
Topic: microsoft
Advanced Function Calling with Mistral-7B - Multi function and Nested Tool Usage
Topic: compute
Topic: characters
Topic: apis
Topic: data engineering
Topic: coders
Java Tidbits: Compare your Strings wisely!
How to Start as a Content Creator
Topic: ai in europe
AI tutors are quietly changing how kids in the US study, and the leading apps are from China
Topic: flaws
Running Ollama and Open WebUI Self-Hosted
Topic: context window
Topic: extensions
Topic: content creator
Generative AI Revolutionizes Quantum Computer Programming
This Week in AI: OpenAI and publishers are partners of convenience
Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)
Topic: computer programming
Transparency in Foundation Models: The Next Step in Foundation Model Transparency Index FMTI
How to: Handle Missing Data for Time Series
Topic: cards
China Unveils AI Chatbot Trained on Xi Jinping's Political Ideology
Topic: colab
What is an AI Aggregator?
Topic: face
Topic: attitude
Topic: circuits
Topic: comparison
Topic: augmentation
Topic: apache pinot
12 Benefits Of Learning Python
Topic: elections
Microsoft Deal with UAE AI Firm Sparks US Lawmaker Concerns Over Chinese Espionage
CEO of Google Says It Has No Solution for Its AI Providing Wildly Incorrect Information
Topic: dungeons and dragons
LongRoPE & Theta Scaling to 1 Mio Token (2/2)
Topic: bots
We need to slow down, Everything is going too fast
How to build an HTML to PDF app in 5 minutes
Topic: case study
MIT Researchers Propose Cross-Layer Attention (CLA): A Modification to the Transformer Architecture that Reduces the Size of the Key-Value KV Cache by Sharing KV Activations Across Layers
Topic: institute
Real-Time Analytics Solution for Usage-Based API Billing and Metering
Survey: C-Suite Execs Trust AI's Potential but Face Challenges in Strategy, Execution, and Reliability
The Magic of Variational Autoencoders (VAE), Where Creativity Begins!
OpenAI's oppressive gag orders silenced ex-employees until now, two more speak out
Topic: cohere
Topic: identify
Topic: california
Topic: ai market
Time-Series Mastery: Techniques for Precise Predictive Modeling
Topic: ai solutions
[D] Memory tuning vs fine tuning
Topic: metrics
Elon Musk's xAI plans to build a  Gigafactory of Compute  to dwarf Meta's massive GPU clusters
Topic: ai image
Do you think LLM models are just Hype?
The Power of CSS in Styling-up Forms
[D] Showcase ML Model Results Using Business Metrics
Topic: business metrics
#PYTHON SELENIUM ARCHITECTURE AND THE SIGNIFICANT OF PYTHON VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT#
A Guide to Python Lists, Tuples, Dictionaries, and Sets
Topic: hallucinations
[D] Geospatial Trend Analysis Recommendations
Topic: ai supercomputer
Looking for Angular Mentor
Automate ANY Task With AI - No Code AI Framework!
Very very basic python-binance ThreadedWebSocketManager example does not work... why?
Controlling user auth flow with Lambda & Cognito
Machine Learning 101: What You Need to Know
Topic: authentication
Topic: aspdotnet
Topic: ai strategy
Topic: forms
Topic: finance
A Detailed Tutorial on Pagination for ASP.NET Core Web APIs
Topic: form
Uni-MoE: A Unified Multimodal LLM based on Sparse MoE Architecture
Topic: duplicate
Scarlett Johansson brought receipts to the OpenAI controversy
As a Data Scientist, how do I improve my communication skills (accent, personality, looks, etc.)?
This AI Research from the University of Chicago Explores the Financial Analytical Capabilities of Large Langauge Models (LLMs)
Topic: insights
Building my own ChatGPT
Good Practices For Connecting Go Server To Postgres
Topic: aurora innovation
Topic: linkedin
Topic: key
Topic: aurora
How to create an Online Flipping Form using Plain HTML and CSS
Elon Musk is reportedly planning an xAI supercomputer to power a better version of Grok
Soon to graduate in my Master's degree in Computational Linguistics, a bit lost here
Mario made only with CSS gradients - no JS, no embedded images/data URIs, no external images and using a micro HTML =)
Topic: codepen
Topic: fin
Topic: covid
Could  Robot-Phobia  Worsen the Hospitality Industry's Labor Shortage?
Topic: hardware
Topic: covid-19
How to learn machine learning
Topic: covid-19 pandemic
Appunti sul machine learning
Unveiling the Secret Linearity of Transformers: Further Advance Model Efficiency and Performance
Topic: boards
Best technical DS roles
Test our AI Documentation Tool in its Beta version !!!!!!
I made a simple JavaScript to Python Converter with AI
Exploring Web Development: Python + Django
Topic: beta
Resolving CSS and HTML Not Displaying in Laravel Hosted Files
Topic: analytics tools
Jax development experience is bad
Topic: person
AI headphones let wearer listen to a single person in a crowd, by looking at them just once. The system, called  Target Speech Hearing,  then cancels all other sounds and plays just that person's voice in real time even as the listener moves around i
Topic: hearing
Topic: headphones
Topic: ai event
Topic: unicorn
IoT Analytics: Nvidia, whose Q1 data center revenue grew 427% YoY to $22.6B, has 90%+ market share for data center GPUs, as Intel and AMD scrap for second place (Nikkei Asia)
EleutherAI Presents Language Model Evaluation Harness (lm-eval) for Reproducible and Rigorous NLP Assessments, Enhancing Language Model Evaluation
Topic: german
Topic: billionaire
Topic: ai tools club
Topic: match
[D] Specific to ViT(visual transformers) are there any learnable params in patch embeddings?
Topic: functional
DeepL raise $300 million investment to provide AI language solutions
Data augmentation making my NER model perform astronomically worst even thought f1 score is marginally better.
Better Call your Agent!
Topic: driver
Topic: ai researchers
Converting HTML web pages into PDF
Topic: deepl
Convert characters to time in R
Topic: patterns
Musk plans largest-ever supercomputer for xAI startup: Report
Apple Bets That Its Giant User Base Will Help It Win in AI
Statically Typed Functional Programming with Python 3.12
GenAI is just advanced automation, not a panacea or an existential threat, says Stephen Wolfram
Topic: anomaly
Topic: format
How to Execute SQL Commands In Another File from the PostgreSQl psql shell in Windows
Topic: complexity
Topic: golf
Evaluating Time Series Anomaly Detection: Proximity-Aware Time Series Anomaly Evaluation (PATE)
Topic: college
Top Courses on Data Structures and Algorithms
Topic: boost
Topic: artificial general intelligence
[D] ML paper verb tense
Topic: amd gpus
How to Fine-tune GPT-3.5 for Outreach Emails
Topic: ai investments
Tutorial recommendations on how to optimize parameters and model selection in BERTopic?
Kubernetes and AI: 3 Open Source Tools Powered by OpenAI
Topic: languagetechnology
Creating GPT Actions with ValTown
Topic: brain implant
Advanced QA Testing Techniques for Improving ChatGPT's Interactions
Topic: cnn
Topic: functionalprogramming
Effective Prompting with A Handful of Fundamentals
Topic: ai tool
Debugging Shaders: Mastering Tools and Methods for Effective Shader Debugging
Topic: hello
Topic: prompting
Topic: ai music
NVIDIA Controls a Whopping 95% of the AI Chip Market
Topic: ai report
Topic: ai and audio
SoftBank's outlay for AI investments has more than doubled to $8.9B in the 12 months since Masayoshi Son said the firm was ready to go on the  counteroffensive  (David Keohane/Financial Times)
Topic: as told to
Different Ways to Include External JavaScript in HTML
Topic: general
Topic: dimensions
Topic: agentic
Does String Theory Actually Describe the World? AI May Be Able to Tell
Topic: matrix
Topic: commandline
Generative AI Unicorn Capitulation
Data Machina #254
A Gen Z software engineer studied AI in college. He says you shouldn't major in it if you fall into one of these 3 categories.
Topic: elementary
Google AI Propose LANISTR: An Attention-based Machine Learning Framework to Learn from Language, Image, and Structured Data
Topic: best practices
Topic: linear
Topic: cons
Topic: funny
TransAgents uses AI teamwork to tackle the complexities of literary translation
Topic: issue
Topic: adept
Topic: ai and music
LLMs aren't sentient; they lack the physiological states required for sensations like hunger and pain, and thus can't have subjective experiences of such states (TIME)
Topic: diversity
Microsoft Research Introduces Gigapath: A Novel Vision Transformer For Digital Pathology
What are Google's AI Overviews good for?
Beyond the Frequency Game: AoR Evaluates Reasoning Chains for Accurate LLM Decisions
I'm the first person to receive Neuralink's brain-chip implant. Here's how it's helped me reconnect with the world.
Topic: bertopic
Topic: accelerators
Topic: isn
Topic: deployment
Can AI make you a better golfer? I took a whack with this driver and got a big surprise
Four Singularities for Research
Developments in Family of Claude Models by Anthropic AI: A Comprehensive Review
Topic: asia
Topic: experience
Topic: engineer
Topic: crisis
AI music generator Suno now offers longer songs and gets sound-to-song feature
python command isn't working and python3 working on mac
Understanding Quantization in AI: A Comprehensive Guide Including LoRA and QLoRA
Topic: icml
Topic: research
OpenAI Assistant with NextJS
How to be a good frontend Developer
Boost Your Data Analysis with Google Gemini's Advanced 1.5 Pro's New Spreadsheet Upload Feature
Topic: advanced vision
A Paradigm Shift: MoRA's Role in Advancing Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning Techniques
How do Language Agents Perform in Translating Long-Text Novels? Meet TransAgents: A Multi-Agent Framework Using LLMs to Tackle the Complexities of Literary Translation
Topic: financial times
Topic: humane
Ollama Meets AMD GPUs
What is OpenLLM and what problem does it solve?
Topic: perl
Topic: data mesh
What is Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
[R] Why In-Context Learning Transformers are Tabular Data Classifiers
Topic: catboost
Equalizing positions
Challenges and Solutions in Data Mesh   Part 1
Topic: chance
Topic: humans
Topic: classifiers
Topic: data analytics
[R] Testing theory of mind in large language models and humans
Topic: language models
Langchain's built-in eval metrics for AI output: how are they different?
Topic: cleaning
Women in AI: Miriam Vogel stresses the need for responsible AI
[P] MOMENT: A Foundation Model for Time Series Forecasting, Classification, Anomaly Detection and Imputation
Topic: data scientist
Topic: dall
Topic: ai insights
Multiple-outputs regression
Topic: nonprofit
Topic: energy
Topic: classroom
Share Your AI Insights: How Do You Use ChatGPT for Work and Studying?
Topic: mixed
Data Cleaning Using Pandas: A Comprehensive Guide
How Maven's AI-run 'serendipity network' can make social media interesting again
Difference-in-Difference 101
Topic: miriam vogel
AMD: Increasing compute efficiency by 30x is nice, but what about 100x?
Topic: string
Topic: graduate
Can LLMs Truly Understand Text-based Emotion ?
[P] ReRecall: I tried to recreate Microsoft's Recall using open-source models & tools
Topic: embedding
[D] US governments AI safety and security board! Is it a fair list?
Topic: ai regulation
Y Combinator's Garry Tan supports some AI regulation but warns against AI monopolies
Topic: governments
Topic: auto
Learning to Learn: A Tech Girl's Guide to Staying Ahead
Reverse a String in Python in 60 Seconds!
Do We Dare Use Generative AI for Mental Health?
From PhD to Industry for NLP
Python for school students
Topic: circle
Apple's WWDC may include AI-generated emoji and an OpenAI partnership
Topic: components
Topic: element
A closer look at Apple's AI strategy: Project Greymatter, local and cloud LLM data processing, Siri, approach to the chatbot partnership with OpenAI, and more (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Managing Machine Learning Projects
Topic: programming
Why Representation Finetuning is the Most Efficient Approach Today?
Amazon Forecast : Best Practices and Anti-Patterns implementing AIOps
Topic: french
Learning Python
Topic: cloud platforms
Topic: aiops
Create a circle in html css
How to Reduce Embedding Size and Increase RAG Retrieval Speed
Topic: cs50
AI ART IS STRANGE  - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
Hamel Husain - Building LLM Apps in Production
Topic: workflows
Hype Critic Compares AI to the Roomba
Topic: hype
Topic: saas
Topic: africa
Let's Build AI: MEGA AUTOCOMPLETER (LLM Powered) | AI Engineer Project
Topic: media
NVIDIA Just Supercharged Ray Tracing!
Sanna Jokela: Gispo
Topic: light
Topic: social
Topic: open source
Topic: patreon
PaliGemma - Using and Fine Tuning a VLM
Topic: consulting
Topic: ai engineer
Topic: gpus
Topic: luis
Mysterious Reason for Data Center Boom in India - Underwater cables
Topic: citations
Topic: focus
785: Math, Quantum ML and Language Embeddings   with Dr. Luis Serrano (@SerranoAcademy)
Topic: support
Quantum Machine Learning: What Will It Unlock?
Topic: coatue
If Only I Knew This About AI SaaS 2 Years Ago
Topic: designsystem
Topic: installation
WSGI als Python runtime - Django in Produktion Teil 5
Topic: demo
Essential Guide to Python's Built-in Functions for Beginners
Pure HTML with CDN json schema form element has typo
iPhone users may get AI-generated emoji and more app customization than ever with iOS 18
ARIA attributes: The forgotten ones of accessibility
How to inject simple dummy data at a large scale in MySQL
Topic: canvas
Topic: accesibility
Echodiary : AI-Powered Diary with AWS Amplify
Apple may soon bring generative AI to emojis. Here's what that means.
[D] Chinese text such as Genesis meticulously translated to have the exact same semantic meaning as the English but takes up half the memory. Would training LLM using Chinese be more efficient due to higher semantic density per byte?
Topic: chatgpt prompts
Topic: animated
Topic: als
Topic: amplify
Researchers find that GPT-4 outperforms human analysts in predicting future corporate earnings growth even when provided only with financial statements (Michael Nu&ntilde;ez/VentureBeat)
Topic: cdn
City In A Bottle   A 256 Byte Raycasting System
OpenAI to start using news content from News Corp. as part of a multiyear deal
ChatGPT - Prompts for Code Review and Debugging
Topic: genesis
Topic: news corp
Topic: a11y
How To Build a Data Analytics Dashboard
Topic: digit
An analysis of ChatGPT, Claude, Copilot, Gemini, and Perplexity's responses to some real-life questions and everyday tasks: Perplexity ranked first overall (Wall Street Journal)
Do you use feature transformations in real world (ranking, sqrt, log etc.)?
My Very Own, Super Cool Sudoku Solver
Effective Map Composables: Non-Draggable Markers
Fine Tuning Qwen 1.5 for Coding
IP-Adapter-FaceID-PlusV2 0 Shot Face Transfer   Auto Installer & Gradio App   Massed Compute, RunPod, Kaggle, Windows
Topic: adapter
AI-assisted coding interview preparation with AWS Amplify Gen 2, React and Bedrock
Samsung disputes report Nvidia isn't happy with its HBM quality
Topic: australia
Topic: awschallenge
ChatGPT and how it is a great learning tool
Topic: boot
Topic: environments
HTML may be adding a native switch attribute to checkbox inputs!
Revolutionizing Theorem Proving: How Synthetic Proof Data Transforms LLM Capabilities
Topic: architecture & design
Topic: core
Topic: data migration
Topic: evolution
Topic: daniel
Spring Ecosystem Releases Focus on Spring Boot, Spring Session and Spring Security
Data Migration Strategies For Large Scale Systems
Achieving Balance in Lifelong Learning: The WISE Memory Approach
What Are The Uses of JavaScript
Introduction to Time Series Analysis with Python
Topic: acquired
Topic: availability
Gaw Capital Acquires New Land to Expand Data Center Portfolio
Topic: datacenters
Is there a pre-trained vision model that's good for zero-shot clustering?
Apple's AI Strategy: Apple Datacenters, On-device, Cloud, And More
Topic: guidance
Topic: copy
Topic: d365fo
Fix  The permission 'KILL DATABASE CONNECTION' is not supported in this version of SQL Server  while importing a D365FO .bacpac
Need Guidance on Python Package Development | NFTpy
Topic: bad news
SOAP: Enhancing Efficiency of Generated Code via Self-Optimization
Topic: dialogue
Benchmarking Pre-trained Large Language Models' Potential Across Urdu NLP tasks
Topic: decoding
PandaLM: An Automatic Evaluation Benchmark for LLM Instruction Tuning Optimization
Towards Weakly Supervised End-to-end Learning for Long-video Action Recognition
Promoting Constructive Deliberation: Reframing for Receptiveness
Topic: calibration
Topic: abstraction
Topic: block
Organic Data-Driven Approach for Turkish Grammatical Error Correction and LLMs
Topic: potential
Generative AI Promises Self-Healing Code
Topic: automated
Generalizable and Scalable Multistage Biomedical Concept Normalization Leveraging Large Language Models
Dissociation of Faithful and Unfaithful Reasoning in LLMs
Optimizing example selection for retrieval-augmented machine translation with translation memories
Topic: cs.se
Emergence of a High-Dimensional Abstraction Phase in Language Transformers
Topic: adoption
GPT is Not an Annotator: The Necessity of Human Annotation in Fairness Benchmark Construction
Topic: chain of thought
Text Generation: A Systematic Literature Review of Tasks, Evaluation, and Challenges
Topic: programmers
Topic: action recognition
An Evaluation of Estimative Uncertainty in Large Language Models
Topic: editing
Topic: biomedical
Timely Fusion of Surround Radar/Lidar for Object Detection in Autonomous Driving Systems
Before Generation, Align it! A Novel and Effective Strategy for Mitigating Hallucinations in Text-to-SQL Generation
DeTikZify: Synthesizing Graphics Programs for Scientific Figures and Sketches with TikZ
Topic: bias
Detection and Positive Reconstruction of Cognitive Distortion sentences: Mandarin Dataset and Evaluation
UnKE: Unstructured Knowledge Editing in Large Language Models
Simulating the Air Quality Impact of Prescribed Fires Using Graph Neural Network-Based PM$_{2.5}$ Forecasts
Cross-Task Defense: Instruction-Tuning LLMs for Content Safety
Topic: belief
FinRobot: A Novel Open-Source AI Agent Platform Supporting Multiple Financially Specialized AI Agents Powered by LLMs
Topic: banks
Stacking Your Transformers: A Closer Look at Model Growth for Efficient LLM Pre-Training
LAA-Net: Localized Artifact Attention Network for Quality-Agnostic and Generalizable Deepfake Detection
Nuclear Pleomorphism in Canine Cutaneous Mast Cell Tumors: Comparison of Reproducibility and Prognostic Relevance between Estimates, Manual Morphometry and Algorithmic Morphometry
AGRaME: Any-Granularity Ranking with Multi-Vector Embeddings
Contrastive and Consistency Learning for Neural Noisy-Channel Model in Spoken Language Understanding
Peter Thiel Says AI is Bad News for People with Maths Skills, Not Writers
Profiling checkpointing schedules in adjoint ST-AD
CHARP: Conversation History AwaReness Probing for Knowledge-grounded Dialogue Systems
Django: Using models
MindDial: Belief Dynamics Tracking with Theory-of-Mind Modeling for Situated Neural Dialogue Generation
Topic: fine-tuning
CulturePark: Boosting Cross-cultural Understanding in Large Language Models
PDL: Regularizing Multiple Instance Learning with Progressive Dropout Layers
Topic: authentic
S-Eval: Automatic and Adaptive Test Generation for Benchmarking Safety Evaluation of Large Language Models
Decoding at the Speed of Thought: Harnessing Parallel Decoding of Lexical Units for LLMs
Topic: closer look
Efficient Hardware-Software Co-Design for AI with In-Memory Computing and HW-NAS Optimization
Topic: ai accessibility
ASVD: Activation-aware Singular Value Decomposition for Compressing Large Language Models
Decompose and Aggregate: A Step-by-Step Interpretable Evaluation Framework
Large Language Models can Deliver Accurate and Interpretable Time Series Anomaly Detection
Microsoft's Copilot Enhances AI Accessibility for Everyone, with Special Focus on the Disabled
VB-LoRA: Extreme Parameter Efficient Fine-Tuning with Vector Banks
Grokked Transformers are Implicit Reasoners: A Mechanistic Journey to the Edge of Generalization
Synergizing In-context Learning with Hints for End-to-end Task-oriented Dialog Systems
Efficient Biomedical Entity Linking: Clinical Text Standardization with Low-Resource Techniques
Harnessing Machine Learning for Discerning AI-Generated Synthetic Images
SoilNet: An Attention-based Spatio-temporal Deep Learning Framework for Soil Organic Carbon Prediction with Digital Soil Mapping in Europe
Multi-Track Timeline Control for Text-Driven 3D Human Motion Generation
EmpathicStories++: A Multimodal Dataset for Empathy towards Personal Experiences
Leveraging Large Language Models for Semantic Query Processing in a Scholarly Knowledge Graph
A Solution-based LLM API-using Methodology for Academic Information Seeking
AgentCoder: Multi-Agent-based Code Generation with Iterative Testing and Optimisation
Could AI help cure 'downward spiral' of human loneliness?
Data Augmentation Method Utilizing Template Sentences for Variable Definition Extraction
Reframing Spatial Reasoning Evaluation in Language Models: A Real-World Simulation Benchmark for Qualitative Reasoning
Machine Unlearning in Large Language Models
Fast Sampling Through The Reuse Of Attention Maps In Diffusion Models
Topic: artifact
Eliciting Informative Text Evaluations with Large Language Models
Topic: evaluation
Are Long-LLMs A Necessity For Long-Context Tasks?
Structural Entities Extraction and Patient Indications Incorporation for Chest X-ray Report Generation
Sparse Matrix in Large Language Model Fine-tuning
Linearly Controlled Language Generation with Performative Guarantees
Topic: aya 23
Topic: australian national university
Aya 23: Open Weight Releases to Further Multilingual Progress
Topic: air quality
RAEE: A Training-Free Retrieval-Augmented Early Exiting Framework for Efficient Inference
Topic: empathy
Topic: aya
Learning Nash Equilibria in Zero-Sum Markov Games: A Single Time-scale Algorithm Under Weak Reachability
GECKO: Generative Language Model for English, Code and Korean
Topic: budget
Navigating Your Data Science Career: From Learning to Earning
Topic: faster
Java News Roundup: Java Turns 29, Kotlin 2.0, Semantic Kernel for Java 1.0, More OpenJDK Updates
Unlocking the Potential of SirLLM: Advancements in Memory Retention and Attention Mechanisms
Netflix CEO: AI won't steal creatives' jobs, but those skilled on AI might
Topic: conversion
Topic: cagr
Coforge Builds GenAI Platform Quasar, Powered by 23 LLMs
Data.ai: of the top 20 education apps in the US App Store, five are AI agents that help with school assignments, the two most popular of which are Chinese-owned (Rita Liao/TechCrunch)
Topic: a16z
Building & Deploying a Speech Recognition System Using the Whisper Model & Gradio
EU's ChatGPT taskforce offers first look at detangling the AI chatbot's privacy compliance
Topic: ilya
OLAPH: A Simple and Novel AI Framework that Enables the Improvement of Factuality through Automatic Evaluations
Topic: ai webinar
Scarlett Johansson's OpenAI clash is just the start of legal wrangles over artificial intelligence
[D] Optimal Hardware Recommendations for Building and Continuously Training a Custom NLP Model on a $20K Budget?
Elon Musk's xAI Raises $6 Billion
[R] AstroPT: Scaling Large Observation Models for Astronomy
Working with JSON and XML in Go
Topic: ai in indian it
Topic: video
Topic: arati prabhakar
Topic: andreessen
The Morning After: AI-generated emoji could soon come to the iPhone
Topic: ai-generated image
Topic: generate
3 Things to Consider Before Adding GenAI to Your Business
Topic: scaling
Topic: computer sciences
Topic: creative
Why Tensorflow.js based Weather Prediction Model is unable to predict correct weather
Understanding Tasks in Diffusers: Part 3
Introducing DataCamps AI-Powered Chat Interface: DataLab
Linear Regression vs Logistic Regression in a Nutshell
Topic: aipromptprogramming
Topic: bluetooth headphones
Topic: nda
A new model to produce more natural synthesized speech
Topic: dask
Topic: astronomy
Topic: craiyon
Topic: alternative
Elon Musk is being mocked by Meta's AI chief over attempts to recruit workers for xAI
Topic: birthday
Dask DataFrame is Fast Now
Elon Musk's xAI says it raised a $6B Series B at a pre-money valuation of $18B from investors including Valor Equity, Vy Capital, a16z, Sequoia, and others (x.ai)
5 Best Affiliate Networks to Launch AI & SaaS Affiliate Programs
YOLOv10: Object Detection King Is Back
Iyo thinks its gen AI earbuds can succeed where Humane and Rabbit stumbled
Canva plus AI: New Photoshop Alternative
Former OpenAI board members accuse CEO Sam Altman of cultivating a  toxic culture of lies
Trying to tame AI: Seoul summit flags hurdles to regulation
Topic: andreessen horowitz
Evaluating Hyperparameters in Machine Learning
Topic: contrast
Topic: peviitor
Topic: canny
Topic: affiliate
Topic: content moderation
Eat a rock a day, put glue on your pizza: How Google's AI is losing touch with reality
Topic: elevenlabs
Topic: hosting
Topic: affiliate network
Topic: agile
Topic: however
Topic: grammarly
Topic: iclr
DoP Deep - Homepage UX explored
Topic: data analysis
Content moderation on audio files with Python
Topic: tensorflow
How to Use GPT for Generating Creative Content with Hugging Face Transformers
AI-based organizational network analysis
Elon Musk's xAI raises $6bn in bid to take on OpenAI
Topic: affiliate program
Topic: something
All About Efficiency Metrics in ML
Topic: best of
Women in AI: Arati Prabhakar thinks it's crucial to get AI 'right'
These are some of the highest-paying jobs for digital nomads
Topic: office
The Power of Query Translation Techniques
Topic: ai-trends
Topic: alwaleed bin talal
France Envisions AI Tent Big Enough for US, China and French Startups
Topic: hosting 101:
I really hope Copilot chat gets better. Not allowed to use an alternative at work, and it's just so... unpleasant to work with and overly robotic and strict.
Topic: prediction
[D] Was Fractal Net Ever Expanded Upon?
Topic: gfk
Meet the College Dropout Who Helped OpenAI Build Sora
The buckets of AI and where Nvidia is crushing it
Topic: facts
Topic: intercom
Google Have Just Dropped a New Course: AI Essentials
Topic: dropout
Retouch4Me Unveils 'Adams,' an AI-Powered Photo Retouching App
Elon Musk's xAI emerges as serious OpenAI rival with $6 billion funding round, supercomputer plans
Topic: canva
Llama 2 to Llama 3: Meta's Leap in Open-Source Language Models
Silicon Valley doesn't seem to be buying Sam Altman's NDA pleas
Passing Functions to Test Files in Python Pytest
Topic: trick
Scientists find ChatGPT is inaccurate when answering computer programming questions
Topic: bluetooth
Scraper compania GfK
Musk's xAI Raises $6 Billion in Bid to Challenge OpenAI
Topic: non-disparagement
AI Resilience: Upskilling in an AI Dominant Environment
AI Agents Promise to Connect the Dots Between Reality and Sci-Fi
GenAI Service Market to Grow at 45% CAGR by 2033
An SQL Vector Database To Enhance Text Search: How We Did It
Topic: iclr 2024
Free AI Webinar on 'Supercharge Your MySQL Apps 100X at Scale with No Code Changes': [May 29, 10 am-11 am PST]
Topic: observation
UltaHost Review   Outstanding Performance and Protection
Software for drawing an architecture of model?
AI learns a trick in a video game to get infinite points
ICLR 2024   Best Papers & Talks (ImageGen, Vision, Transformers, State Space Models, and other Learning Representations) ft. Christian Szegedy, Ilya Sutskever, Durk Kingma
Topic: cohere for ai
Topic: anthropic ai llc
Topic: alphabet x
Topic: adams
Elon Musk says all of the $6B in xAI's Series B is new money, rather than shares  given  to investors in his Twitter takeover; some investors also backed OpenAI (Axios)
Bringing the Voice of the Customer to Life with AI
Topic: ethical ai
Unlocking the Power of YOLOv10: Step-by-Step Guide with Real-World Examples
Create a Python app easily with Streamlit
VanillaJS Lazy Load images/video/embed/youtube
How's Uncle Sam getting on with Biden's AI exec order? Pretty good, we're told
Topic: document
Topic: banking
Topic: exec
AI Market Dynamics: Open Vs. Closed, Direct Vs. Indirect
36Kr Hosts  AI Partner   Advanced Productivity  Conference
Untrue : Zscaler CEO shoots down Broadcom buyout rumours
AI Chrome Extension - Web Summarizer & Translator - Your Essential Tool for Learning English
Apple's  Project Greymatter  aims to bring AI-powered convenience to everyday life
Topic: credit
Save $500 this Memorial Day on the Ecovacs Deebot X2 Omni robot vacuum and mop and keep your floors sparkling
Quantize Llama 3 8B with Bitsandbytes to Preserve Its Accuracy
Topic: ev-vehicles
Topic: dataframe
Intuitive Temporal DataFrame Filtration
Implement a Star Schema for Power BI Semantic Model: Step-by-Step Guide
Assessing Bias in Predictive Models with PROBAST
Topic: data modeling
Topic: cio
Topic: anonymous
Topic: robot
Topic: backpropagation
Nvidia's Jensen Huang praises Elon Musk's efforts at Tesla
Topic: dimensionality
[D] How do discrete multi-token approaches compare to single-token approaches that pass on the hidden state for multi-modal outputs and robotic control? What is the overall industry trend?
Generative AI is quickly making its way into the media and entertainment industry, study finds
Understanding the Differences Between Google Agents and Google Chatbots
Topic: feature selection
Latest Modern Advances in Prompt Engineering: A Comprehensive Guide
Topic: gnns
Topic: cybersecurity
Topic: ai research 2024
XGBoost: Preffered Method of Feature Selection? [D]
Topic: arthur
Physics-Informed Neural Network with Forcing Function
A Comprehensive Review of Survey on Efficient Multimodal Large Language Models
Topic: des
Topic: accounting
Streamlit: Crer des apps en Python trs simplement
Trust Stamp files patent for AI-based Age Estimation Algorithm
Topic: importance
Topic: hidden
Topic: software
Topic: continuous
Topic: calculus
OpenAI's Johansson gaffe pushes voice cloning into spotlight
Topic: strategy
AI-Powered Supply Chain Management Aids Pharmaceutical Company
Topic: disruptions
The Tensor Calculus You Need for Deep Learning
Topic: callback
This AI Paper by ByteDance Research Introduces G-DIG: A Gradient-Based Leap Forward in Machine Translation Data Selection
Tune In: Decision Threshold Optimization with scikit-learn's TunedThresholdClassifierCV
Elon Musk's xAI raises $6 billion to fund its race against ChatGPT and all the rest
Topic: advanced llm techniques
[D] Multi-Step Parallel Prediction for Train Delays Using Graph Neural Networks
Banking on AI: Fraud Detection, Credit Risk Analysis, and the Future of Financial Services
[P] MusicGPT   An Open Source App for Generating Music with Local LLMs
Qu esta pasando con Gemini AI de Google?
JOTAI(GLOBAL STATE MANGEMENT)
Setup Eslint + Prettier para padronizao de cdigo em React
Topic: interviews
Topic: react
Topic: howard
fastlite
Weekly Top Picks #75
This AI Study from MIT Proposes a Significant Refinement to the simple one-dimensional linear representation hypothesis
AI Frenzy Draws Stock Traders to Southeast Asia's Likely Winners
An Introduction to Reinforcement Learning
Topic: cmu
Topic: flash
Topic: reinforcement learning
Topic: funding
Topic: adjusting
Optimizing Agent Planning: A Parametric AI Approach to World Knowledge
Keml: Empowering UI Development, One Developer at a Time
Topic: prettier
Elon Musk xAI Raises $6B, Valuing Company at $24B
Setting up Fast API in IIS and run APIs in Python
Topic: client
Is it worth it to keep applying to DA/DS jobs right now, or should I move to a different field and try to come back when the market is better?
Topic: eslint
Topic: framework
Topic: dynamic
Topic: setup
Topic: csail
Building Production-Ready AI Solutions: The Essential Role of Guardrails
Django: Sample data
Topic: ensemble
Topic: domains
Evaluating AI Abilities
Continue: AI Auto-Completes Code To Create Software For FREE!
They Mixed Every small LLM  Into One LARGE Expert!!!
Topic: animals
Topic: computation
Topic: chris
Language Understanding and LLMs with Christopher Manning - #686
Unlocking the Power of Semantic Search with Embeddings
Various Lengths, Constant Speed: Efficient Language Modeling with Lightning Attention
Symflower Launches DevQualityEval: A New Benchmark for Enhancing Code Quality in Large Language Models
Unifying Demonstration Selection and Compression for In-Context Learning
Topic: adaptability
Topic: collaborative
The Importance of Directional Feedback for LLM-based Optimizers
GeneAgent: Self-verification Language Agent for Gene Set Knowledge Discovery using Domain Databases
Unlocking the Secrets of Linear Complexity Sequence Model from A Unified Perspective
Topic: cross-lingual
DetermLR: Augmenting LLM-based Logical Reasoning from Indeterminacy to Determinacy
How This Crypto-Miner Turned AI Hyperscaler
Cost-efficient Knowledge-based Question Answering with Large Language Models
Controllable Text Summarization: Unraveling Challenges, Approaches, and Prospects -- A Survey
Topic: knowledge
DoG-Instruct: Towards Premium Instruction-Tuning Data via Text-Grounded Instruction Wrapping
ChatIE: Zero-Shot Information Extraction via Chatting with ChatGPT
Exploring the LLM Journey from Cognition to Expression with Linear Representations
KSW: Khmer Stop Word based Dictionary for Keyword Extraction
XFormParser: A Simple and Effective Multimodal Multilingual Semi-structured Form Parser
How Well Do Deep Learning Models Capture Human Concepts? The Case of the Typicality Effect
Improving Transformer Performance for French Clinical Notes Classification Using Mixture of Experts on a Limited Dataset
Searching by Code: a New SearchBySnippet Dataset and SnippeR Retrieval Model for Searching by Code Snippets
Topic: ai assistance
Collage is the New Writing: Exploring the Fragmentation of Text and User Interfaces in AI Tools
Development of an open education resources (OER) system: a comparative analysis and implementation approach
Topic: bilingual
Mixture of Modality Knowledge Experts for Robust Multi-modal Knowledge Graph Completion
A Library for Automatic Natural Language Generation of Spanish Texts
Creating a Custom Log Generator Helper Class in Python
Don't Fine-Tune, Decode: Syntax Error-Free Tool Use via Constrained Decoding
Topic: amazon sagemaker
Empowering Large Language Models to Set up a Knowledge Retrieval Indexer via Self-Learning
Topic: dog
Crossmodal ASR Error Correction with Discrete Speech Units
Topic: code generation
Exploring and steering the moral compass of Large Language Models
Can Large Language Models Faithfully Express Their Intrinsic Uncertainty in Words?
ReFusion: Improving Natural Language Understanding with Computation-Efficient Retrieval Representation Fusion
Stop! In the Name of Flaws: Disentangling Personal Names and Sociodemographic Attributes in NLP
DoRA: Enhancing Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning with Dynamic Rank Distribution
Assessing LLMs Suitability for Knowledge Graph Completion
Federating Dynamic Models using Early-Exit Architectures for Automatic Speech Recognition on Heterogeneous Clients
Leveraging small language models for Text2SPARQL tasks to improve the resilience of AI assistance
CLARINET: Augmenting Language Models to Ask Clarification Questions for Retrieval
SQL Convertor for Easy Migration from Presto, Trino, ClickHouse, and Hive to Apache Doris
Unmasking the giant: A comprehensive evaluation of ChatGPT's proficiency in coding algorithms and data structures
Quantum Convolutional Neural Networks
Cocktail: A Comprehensive Information Retrieval Benchmark with LLM-Generated Documents Integration
CopyNE: Better Contextual ASR by Copying Named Entities
PlatoLM: Teaching LLMs in Multi-Round Dialogue via a User Simulator
Towards Weakly-Supervised Hate Speech Classification Across Datasets
Topic: cs.ir
Conjunctive categorial grammars and Lambek grammars with additives
Topic: compression
Topic: distribution
Low-resourced Languages and Online Knowledge Repositories: A Need-Finding Study
Combining the Best of Both Worlds: Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Knowledge-Intensive Natural Language Processing
AutoManual: Generating Instruction Manuals by LLM Agents via Interactive Environmental Learning
MindMerger: Efficient Boosting LLM Reasoning in non-English Languages
Topic: feedback
China Chipmakers Are Catching Up Fast in AI, SenseTime's Xu Says
Extracting chemical food safety hazards from the scientific literature automatically using large language models
Hacc-Man: An Arcade Game for Jailbreaking LLMs
Invisible Relevance Bias: Text-Image Retrieval Models Prefer AI-Generated Images
THREAD: Thinking Deeper with Recursive Spawning
Tokenization Matters! Degrading Large Language Models through Challenging Their Tokenization
ReflectionCoder: Learning from Reflection Sequence for Enhanced One-off Code Generation
Topic: and analysis
Towards Responsible and Safe AI in the Era of Foudnation Models: A Reference Architecture for Designing Foundation Model based Systems
An Automated Real-Time Approach for Image Processing and Segmentation of Fluoroscopic Images and Videos Using a Single Deep Learning Network
Match, Compare, or Select? An Investigation of Large Language Models for Entity Matching
Taiyi-Diffusion-XL: Advancing Bilingual Text-to-Image Generation with Large Vision-Language Model Support
A One-Layer Decoder-Only Transformer is a Two-Layer RNN: With an Application to Certified Robustness
Topic: assessment
Empowering Character-level Text Infilling by Eliminating Sub-Tokens
An NLP Crosswalk Between the Common Core State Standards and NAEP Item Specifications
TEII: Think, Explain, Interact and Iterate with Large Language Models to Solve Cross-lingual Emotion Detection
FLLIC: Functionally Lossless Image Compression
Apple Introduces Denoising LM for Correcting Errors in ASR Systems
Topic: multilingual
The Multi-Range Theory of Translation Quality Measurement: MQM scoring models and Statistical Quality Control
Reasons to Reject? Aligning Language Models with Judgments
Topic: apache doris
Topic: dictionary
Embedding Markdown Files in a Streamlit Dashboard
Improving Machine Translation with Large Language Models: A Preliminary Study with Cooperative Decoding
Topic: text
SelfCP: Compressing Long Prompt to 1/12 Using the Frozen Large Language Model Itself
Topic: chipmakers
Topic: dora
Unicode Normalization and Grapheme Parsing of Indic Languages
Topic: aigc
RLAIF-V: Aligning MLLMs through Open-Source AI Feedback for Super GPT-4V Trustworthiness
How Microsoft HoloLens Bridges the Healthcare Gap in Rural India
Topic: ai based healthcare
TCS & IIT-Bombay to Build India's First Quantum Diamond Microchip Imager
Topic: gap
Topic: ai-in-healthcare
How to Deal with Latency?
[P] DARWIN - open-sourced Devin alternative is back with updates
Topic: imaging
Topic: academics
[R] Poisson Variational Autoencoder
Topic: ai generated
Creating Line Plots with Object-Oriented API and Subplot Function in Python
Security expert develops AI-powered app for safer travel
Building a Command-Line Interface (CLI) Application with Click in Python
Topic: dublin city university
NIST Launches Program to Discriminate How Far From  Human-Quality  Are Gen AI Generated Summaries
By 2030, software developers will be using AI to cut their workload 'in half'
Topic: grant
How AI demand is driving a rally in old school stocks in the utilities, energy, and materials sectors, which are needed to make and operate AI products (Charley Grant/Wall Street Journal)
Topic: improving
Simplifying and Improving Python Code using itertools.chain()
Inspeq AI raises $1.1m to help businesses deploy LLMs
Google AI Overview Changes Internet Forever, Pushes Only High-Quality Content
Topic: ai in search
What are Single Page Applications (SPAs)?
Topic: applied ai
Topic: dev
How I Assess the Memory Consumption of My Python Code
Topic: fundraise
In a spat on X, Meta's Chief AI Scientist Yann LeCun calls out Elon Musk for saying xAI will pursue  truth  as Musk spreads  crazy-ass conspiracy theories  on X (Maxwell Zeff/Gizmodo)
Introduction to CSS: Styling the Web
Topic: job
Telegram gets an in-app Copilot bot
Topic: americas
How Oracle is Fueling India's GenAI Ambitions
3 Key Concepts of Probability Distribution Every Data Scientist Must Know
Topic: buzzy
Reproducing GPT-2 (124M) in llm.c in 90 minutes for $20
Elon Musk Got Destroyed After Accusing Top AI Scientist of  Going Soft
Microsoft's 'Auto Super Resolution' DLSS competitor isn't exclusive to Qualcomm
Topic: jan
Mistral AI, France's Startup Darling, Takes Aim at the US Market
Topic: ai ethics
Topic: deploy
Topic: conspiracy theories
Ex-OpenAI Safety Leader Leike to Join Rival Anthropic
introducing op (pouchlite) pure js json storage engine
Google Caught Manually Taking Down Bizarre AI Answers
OpenAI forms safety committee as it starts training latest artificial intelligence model
Why Isn't There an Alibaba of AI in India Yet?
Nvidia denies pirate e-book sites are  shadow libraries  to shut down lawsuit
Vishal Bhola Appointed President of Nothing India
Filter profanity from audio files using Node.js
Researchers at Arizona State University Evaluates ReAct Prompting: The Role of Example Similarity in Enhancing Large Language Model Reasoning
Controlled diffusion model can change material properties in images
OpenAI says it has  recently begun training its next frontier model
IBM to test Southeast Asian LLM and facilitate localization efforts
Topic: devops
Visualize Like a Pro: Annotate Matplotlib Graphs for Stunning Data Stories
GenAI Multi-Agent Systems: A Secret Weapon for Tech Teams
Pyodide 0.26 Release
OpenAI's former executive Jan Leike joins its rival Anthropic days after quitting over safety concerns
Topic: bibliotik
Topic: data stories
Anthropic hires former OpenAI safety lead Jan Leike to head up a new  superalignment  team (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Chilibot: Powerful Text Mining for Biology, on the web
xAI Makes It Official   Raises $6B At $24B Valuation
Topic: ai voices
** Cdigos de estado HTTP con Courage el perro cobarde **
How do face filters work?
OpenAI researcher who resigned over safety concerns joins Anthropic
OpenAI Says It Has Begun Training a New Flagship A.I. Model
Topic: cpp
Copilot+ PCs: Understanding Microsoft's Evolving AI PC Stack
Celoxis: Project Management Software Is Changing Due to Complexity and New Ways of Working
Topic: decode
Topic: image processing
Apple Rebounds in China, Bitcoin and Ether Retreat | Bloomberg Technology
[D] Question about You Only Cache Once: Decoder-Decoder Architectures for Language Models -  https://arxiv.org/pdf/2405.05254v1
Google unveils new AI features for Chromebook Plus devices, says new Chromebook Plus users get a free year of Google One AI Premium, and updates old Chromebooks (Ivan Mehta/TechCrunch)
Topic: beings
Topic: character.ai
The Worst Google AI Answers So Far
Topic: ecosystem
Deploying llama.cpp on AWS (with Troubleshooting)
Topic: bioinformatics
Exploring the Popularity of Random Forest Among GIS Data Experts
Topic: big blue
Topic: cache
Topic: ambitions
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman pledges to give away the majority of his wealth
Argentinian president to meet Silicon Valley CEOs in bid to court tech titans
Topic: aks
Topic: altman openai
Topic: computerscience
Opera integrates Google's Gemini AI into its browsers
Anthropic hires former OpenAI safety lead to head up new team
NV-Embed: NVIDIA's Groundbreaking Embedding Model Dominates MTEB Benchmarks
[D] How to run concurrent inferencing on pytorch models?
Topic: andrew johnson
Topic: ai evolution
Scaling Monosemanticity: Anthropic's One Step Towards Interpretable & Manipulable LLMs
Distributed PostgreSQL with YugabyteDB Multi-Region Kubernetes / Istio / Amazon EKS
Topic: anthropic claude
Topic: agile project management
Weeknotes: PyCon US 2024
Topic: annotations
Topic: nlp
Topic: achievement
Topic: ai scientist
Topic: conspiracy
Topic: data visualization
Saurabh Vij, CEO & Co-Founder of MonsterAPI   Interview Series
Topic: ai in india
OpenAI Forms Safety Council, Trains Next-Gen AI Model Amid Controversies
Topic: capacity
Topic: altair
Open mouth, insert foot.
Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg are reportedly going head-to-head again &mdash; this time over a buzzy AI startup
Topic: h-statistic
Topic: andrej karpathy
Microsoft, Amazon, IBM Pledge to Publish AI Safety Measures for Models
Topic: ai deepfakes
Topic: ai safety summit
Topic: ai-dropshipping
This AI Paper from Cornell Unravels Causal Complexities in Interventional Probability Estimation
AI Dropshipping Product Page Generator: Using Advanced AI to Achieve Insane Conversions
Topic: serverless
Topic: bluehost hosting
OpenAI's former head of super AI alignment Jan Leike joins Anthropic
Three Ways the Human and AI Relationship Will Evolve
How to Tailor a Chart to an Audience of Professionals
BlueHost Review   The Best WordPress Host Yet?
Topic: ai and safety
Understanding Freidman's H-statistic (H-stat) for Interactions
Harnessing Silicon: How In-House Chips Are Shaping the Future of AI
Topic: explainable ai
Topic: audience-engagement
Topic: biology
Topic: data-storytelling
Unemployment Penalty
Topic: france
Robocaller Who Spoofed Joe Biden's Voice With AI Faces $6 Million Fine
Topic: andrejkarpathy
Topic: alignment
OpenAI's new safety team is led by board members, including CEO Sam Altman
Topic: gemma
Fine-Tune Smaller Transformer Models: Text Classification
Topic: intelligence
Topic: chromebooks
Pandora's Box or Lockbox? The Top 3 Barriers to Implementing Generative AI
Topic: bluehost
Topic: cluster
Topic: argentina
AI models have favorite numbers, because they think they're people
AI-Powered Event Processing: The Key to Winning in Real Time
OpenAI's new safety committee is made up of all insiders
AIM Weekly 27 May 2024
Topic: alchemist
Topic: anna's archive
Topic: jan leike
Topic: asian
Controlled diffusion model can change material properties of objects in images
Topic: keynote
Topic: encode
Topic: http
Stepping out of the  comfort zone  through domain adaptation   a deep-dive into dynamic prompting.
Top 5 Cloud Trends U.K. Businesses Should Watch in 2024
[D] Should the embedding matrix and final pre-softmax matrix be shared in transformers?
Ex-OpenAI Director Says Board Learned of ChatGPT Launch on Twitter
Topic: conversations
Ex-OpenAI board member reveals what led to Sam Altman's brief ousting
In a podcast, former OpenAI board member Helen Toner says the board learned of ChatGPT's launch on Twitter, criticizes Sam Altman's leadership on safety, more (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Topic: board member
J.P. Morgan Launches 'Containerized Data' Solution in the Cloud
AI dub + lipsync of Mira Murati into Russian
Topic: apple design awards
Apple's Design Awards nominees highlight indies and startups, largely ignore AI (except for Arc)
Topic: apple-app-store
Topic: mira
Your End-to-End Product Analytics Strategy
Engineers talk about coding  close to the metal . Is the DS equivalent  close to the math ?
Topic: murati
Topic: advanced analytics
Deep Learning in Healthcare: Challenges, Applications, and Future Directions
Topic: mira murati
The Rise of Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) in Artificial Intelligence AI
Create Content, Conversations, and Code with New Phi-3 and Granite Code Model Families
Users prefer wrong answers when written by AI
WARNING: Bad News for CHATGPT!
Topic: management
Topic: business growth
OpenAI is training GPT-4's successor. Here are 3 big upgrades to expect from GPT-5
Topic: brain-computer interface
Topic: model management
Not even Chromebooks can escape AI PC craze: Google to inject Plus laptops with LLM juice
Topic: influence
Dev: DevOps
Topic: biases
Topic: clay
Topic: ai-is-not-safe
Live CEOing Ep 810: Design Review of % Modernization continued
Topic: aria
Python Architecture Essentials: Building Scalable and Clean Application for Juniors
Clay: Automate Workflows with AI - Grow Your Business!
Topic: agi-extinction-of-humanity
Samba-1, Enterprise Grade Open Source AI
Enterprise Model Management features
Opera adds Google Gemini to its browser for image generation and voice features
Automation design patterns
Python Streamlit And GPT4: How To Map UNHCR Refugee Data
Neuralink rival sets brain-chip record with 4,096 electrodes on human brain
I Asked GPT-4o About AGI. It Was the Most Horrifying Answer of Them All.
Active Implicit Object Reconstruction using Uncertainty-guided Next-Best-View Optimization
Advancing Medical Image Segmentation with Mini-Net: A Lightweight Solution Tailored for Efficient Segmentation of Medical Images
Med-Tuning: A New Parameter-Efficient Tuning Framework for Medical Volumetric Segmentation
Topic: cnns
Topic: hybrid
Frustratingly Easy Test-Time Adaptation of Vision-Language Models
RACCooN: Remove, Add, and Change Video Content with Auto-Generated Narratives
Text-only Synthesis for Image Captioning
Whole Slide Image Survival Analysis Using Histopathological Feature Extractors
Setting Up a Linux Virtual Machine with Azure on a MacOs using Password Authentication (Part I)
Topic: avendus
Topic: eess.iv
Topic: large multimodal models
Topic: 3d object detection
GFlow: Recovering 4D World from Monocular Video
Deep Network Pruning: A Comparative Study on CNNs in Face Recognition
Topic: graph
SCE-MAE: Selective Correspondence Enhancement with Masked Autoencoder for Self-Supervised Landmark Estimation
BIOSCAN-CLIP: Bridging Vision and Genomics for Biodiversity Monitoring at Scale
Topic: type
Integrating OpenAI API with a React Application
AutoDIR: Automatic All-in-One Image Restoration with Latent Diffusion
Topic: checks
DALL-E, CLIP, VQ-VAE-2, and ImageGPT: A Revolution in AI-Driven Image Generation
[D] Andrew Dudzik on SOTA in Deep Learning
Topic: biodiversity
Multi-modal Generation via Cross-Modal In-Context Learning
PlaceFormer: Transformer-based Visual Place Recognition using Multi-Scale Patch Selection and Fusion
KOALA: Empirical Lessons Toward Memory-Efficient and Fast Diffusion Models for Text-to-Image Synthesis
Generating Print-Ready Personalized AI Art Products from Minimal User Inputs
Mutimodal Ranking Optimization for Heterogeneous Face Re-identification
Intent3D: 3D Object Detection in RGB-D Scans Based on Human Intention
ViG: Linear-complexity Visual Sequence Learning with Gated Linear Attention
Topic: cs.ro
Do You Need a Degree to Be a Data Scientist?
Topic: annotated data
Understanding the Two Faces of Shiny for Python: Core and Express
Relightable Gaussian Codec Avatars
The 2024 Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge: Glioma Segmentation on Post-treatment MRI
Topic: semantic
QX Lab AI Launches Hybrid Generative AI Multimodal Platform Ask QX PRO
Topic: hallucination
Topic: bank
Online Calibration of a Single-Track Ground Vehicle Dynamics Model by Tight Fusion with Visual-Inertial Odometry
DiG: Scalable and Efficient Diffusion Models with Gated Linear Attention
VITON-DiT: Learning In-the-Wild Video Try-On from Human Dance Videos via Diffusion Transformers
Vamos: Versatile Action Models for Video Understanding
VQ-HPS: Human Pose and Shape Estimation in a Vector-Quantized Latent Space
Beyond Random Augmentations: Pretraining with Hard Views
Topic: artificial intelligence risks
OpenAI's board allegedly learned about ChatGPT launch on Twitter
Self-Supervised Learning Based Handwriting Verification
Mani-GS: Gaussian Splatting Manipulation with Triangular Mesh
Confidence-aware multi-modality learning for eye disease screening
Universal and Extensible Language-Vision Models for Organ Segmentation and Tumor Detection from Abdominal Computed Tomography
Topic: canonical
Avendus, India's top venture advisor, confirms it's looking to raise a $350 million fund
Video Enriched Retrieval Augmented Generation Using Aligned Video Captions
Aaren: Rethinking Attention as Recurrent Neural Network RNN for Efficient Sequence Modeling on Low-Resource Devices
Topic: ai art
Topic: information
NeRAF: 3D Scene Infused Neural Radiance and Acoustic Fields
Lumen: Unleashing Versatile Vision-Centric Capabilities of Large Multimodal Models
Topic: knn
Topic: 3d object
Topic: economic growth
8 Online AI Tools for Creating PPTs In Seconds
Nobel Laureate Romer Says AI Hype Risks Repeat of Crypto Bubble
Is a 3D-Tokenized LLM the Key to Reliable Autonomous Driving?
Microsaccade-inspired Event Camera for Robotics
Topic: adversarial examples
WIDIn: Wording Image for Domain-Invariant Representation in Single-Source Domain Generalization
[D] k=1 in KNN
A Review and Implementation of Object Detection Models and Optimizations for Real-time Medical Mask Detection during the COVID-19 Pandemic
Topic: bubble
ALA: Naturalness-aware Adversarial Lightness Attack
Former OpenAI board member explains why they fired Sam Altman
3D StreetUnveiler with Semantic-Aware 2DGS
SpikeCV: Open a Continuous Computer Vision Era
[D] Isn't hallucination a much more important study than safety for LLMs at the current stage?
Topic: economic
Towards a Sampling Theory for Implicit Neural Representations
3D Lane Detection from Front or Surround-View using Joint-Modeling & Matching
Enhancing Global Sensitivity and Uncertainty Quantification in Medical Image Reconstruction with Monte Carlo Arbitrary-Masked Mamba
Assessment of Left Atrium Motion Deformation Through Full Cardiac Cycle
Topic: clothing
3DitScene: Editing Any Scene via Language-guided Disentangled Gaussian Splatting
From Prompt Engineering to Agent Engineering
Topic: cameras
Topic: image
Topic: acoustics
Topic: codec
Topic: medical
Pandora: A Hybrid Autoregressive-Diffusion Model that Simulates World States by Generating Videos and Allows Real-Time Control with Free-Text Actions
GMTalker: Gaussian Mixture-based Audio-Driven Emotional talking video Portraits
Towards Lightweight Super-Resolution with Dual Regression Learning
Topic: next
Automated Real-World Sustainability Data Generation from Images of Buildings
One for All: Toward Unified Foundation Models for Earth Vision
Goldman Delays Thai Rate Cut Call to 2025 on Cash Handouts
Topic: board & management changes
A Vision-Based Navigation System for Arable Fields
Building an Advanced AI Assistant like Baymax using Modern AI Technologies
BDHT: Generative AI Enables Causality Analysis for Mild Cognitive Impairment
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries bets big on small turbines for datacenters
Topic: cancer
Topic: creativity
Topic: appointments
Topic: extract
Topic: dns
Topic: application performance
Observability Tools can Now Monitor LLMs Along with DevOps Environments
Evaluating ChatGPT in Data Science: Churn Prediction Analysis As An Example
MIT professor hoses down predictions AI will put a rocket under the economy
Bite Size Data Science: Heteroscedastic Robust Errors
Vyper: For loops and Arrays.
Text to SQL - Simple way to generate the SQL in Flowtrail AI
Topic: b2b
Self-Attention Explained with Code
Quoting Chris Perry
How to use ChatGPT to make charts and tables with Advanced Data Analysis
Topic: cloudflare
Topic: chart
Topic: application performance monitoring
Topic: churn
Policy Gradient Methods in Reinforcement Learning
Former OpenAI safety lead joins rival firm Anthropic
How to Manage and Migrate Docker Volumes for PostgreSQL
Topic: cloud providers
TNW Podcast: Marta Krupinska on carbon removal markets; B2B AI translation is hot
Topic: ethereum
How to Set Up a PostgreSQL Server on a Virtual Machine
DNS
Topic: black box
How AI Changes The Healthcare Industry
PwC plans to roll out ChatGPT Enterprise to its 75K US staff and 26K UK staff, becoming the largest customer and first reseller of OpenAI's enterprise product (Belle Lin/Wall Street Journal)
Using AI to Clear Land Mines in Ukraine
Topic: linux (operating system)
Topic: ai edge
Security Best Practices in Web Development
Topic: concrete
iLearningEngines Partners with Doblu.ai for AI-Driven Business Insights
EU Passes the Artificial Intelligence Act
Topic: automotive
Topic: browsers
Hierarchical Graph Masked AutoEncoders (Hi-GMAE): A Novel Multi-Scale GMAE Framework Designed to Handle the Hierarchical Structures within Graph
Topic: hedge funds
Topic: ai courses
Topic: application security
Topic: aihub
What to Know About the Open Versus Closed Software Debate
Topic: farming
Topic: disease diagnosis
Topic: chatgpt enterprise
Topic: earnings report
Topic: disease
Topic: ai information
What We Learned from a Year of Building with LLMs (Part I)
Top AI Tools for Graphic Designers
Global revenue from AI chips sales to surge by 33% in 2024
Top AI Courses from NVIDIA
Frost & Sullivan Honors Virtualitics with 2024 Leadership Award
Topic: cities
Web3 Airdrop: From Fighting Fraud to AI Optimization
PYTHON SELENIUM ARCHITECTURE
Hedge Funds' Exposure to Magnificent Seven at Record High as Nvidia Soars
Mark Zuckerberg is Popular Again Thanks to Meta's Open-Source AI
Topic: goldman sachs
Topic: diagnosis
Topic: ai platform
OpenAI signs on 100K PwC workers to its ChatGPT enterprise tier, as the consultant becomes its first resale partner
Topic: ai optimization
Topic: causality
GPT-5 is Arriving Sooner Than Ever
EssayFlow Launches Next-Gen AI Essay Writer For Academic Content
AIhub monthly digest: May 2024   causality and natural language, AfriClimate AI, and digital twins for smart cities
Topic: demining
Topic: anchor
Using AI in science can add to reproducibility woes, say boffins
The Future of Software Development: Trends and Predictions
Topic: devchallenge
Encoding Hierarchical Schema via Concept Flow for Multifaceted Ideology Detection
PediatricsGPT: Large Language Models as Chinese Medical Assistants for Pediatric Applications
Topic: lemmatization
Policymakers and experts say Hesai and other firms listed as Chinese military entities are rebranding and creating US-domiciled businesses to evade sanctions (Heather Somerville/Wall Street Journal)
Topic: best firms for data scientists
Simplify RAG application with MongoDB Atlas and Amazon Bedrock
Mistral releases Codestral, its first generative AI model for code
Build a Real-time Speech Recognition Sentiment Analysis Tool
Topic: court
Topic: covid19
Topic: rendering
Integrating Multi-scale Contextualized Information for Byte-based Neural Machine Translation
Topic: attribution
Efficient Image Deblurring Networks based on Diffusion Models
Build A Dual-Purpose App: Text-to-Image and Custom Chatbot Using Comet, GPT-3.5, DALL-E 2, and Streamlit
Dynamics-based Feature Augmentation of Graph Neural Networks for Variant Emergence Prediction
Contextual Position Encoding: Learning to Count What's Important
Multi-objective Representation for Numbers in Clinical Narratives Using CamemBERT-bio
Genshin: General Shield for Natural Language Processing with Large Language Models
BLSP-KD: Bootstrapping Language-Speech Pre-training via Knowledge Distillation
New research reveals impact of AI and cybersecurity on women, peace and security in south-east Asia
Meta says it removed six influence campaigns including those from Israel and China
Topic: politico
Intuit is Certified as a Best Firm for Data Scientists
A vision transformer-based framework for knowledge transfer from multi-modal to mono-modal lymphoma subtyping models
Speakers Fill Lexical Semantic Gaps with Context
CtrlA: Adaptive Retrieval-Augmented Generation via Probe-Guided Control
Topic: copyright
How Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Work
Towards Global Glacier Mapping with Deep Learning and Open Earth Observation Data
We had cellphones, then feature phones, then smartphones. Now, 'IntelliPhones' are coming.
Topic: death
[R] Why using the Gumbel-Softmax is better than just using Softmax ?
Topic: bio
Information Flow in Self-Supervised Learning
Topic: chief technology officer
Tell Me What You See: Text-Guided Real-World Image Denoising
Topic: converge
Calibrating Reasoning in Language Models with Internal Consistency
Topic: ai guardrails
Toxicity Detection for Free
MEMoE: Enhancing Model Editing with Mixture of Experts Adaptors
Topic: for-profit
With hallucinations waning, AI is diving deeper into scientific research
Topic: ai for humanity
Reverse Image Retrieval Cues Parametric Memory in Multimodal LLMs
Topic: amr
Topic: denoising
The ugly truth behind ChatGPT: AI is guzzling resources at planet-eating rates | Mariana Mazzucato
California Governor Gavin Newsom warns against perils of over-regulating AI, sending a signal to the state's lawmakers who are advancing dozens of AI bills (Jeremy B. White/Politico)
Researchers build AI to save humans from the emotional toll of monitoring hate speech
Vox Media and The Atlantic sign licensing agreements with OpenAI
BioBERT-based Deep Learning and Merged ChemProt-DrugProt for Enhanced Biomedical Relation Extraction
Brainformer: Mimic Human Visual Brain Functions to Machine Vision Models via fMRI
RealitySummary: On-Demand Mixed Reality Document Enhancement using Large Language Models
Microsoft's Copilot is now on Telegram
Topic: 32k context
ConSiDERS-The-Human Evaluation Framework: Rethinking Human Evaluation for Generative Large Language Models
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Building an End-to-End Customer Service System
Nearest Neighbor Speculative Decoding for LLM Generation and Attribution
Custom GPTs open for free ChatGPT users
Topic: anti-corruption
Topic: chain-of-thought prompting
Faithful Chart Summarization with ChaTS-Pi
After PAN & Aadhaar, Protean Now Leverages AI for Citizen-Centric Solutions
How to grow as an AI startup without breaking the bank
JADS: A Framework for Self-supervised Joint Aspect Discovery and Summarization
Topic: aerospace
Challenges and Solutions in Data Mesh   Part 2
Newton Informed Neural Operator: A Novel Machine Learning Approach for Computing Multiple Solutions of Nonlinear Partials Differential Equations
Cloud Cost Management With Cloud CADI
Topic: coronavirus
Mastering Statistical Tests (Part II): Your Guide to Choosing the Right Test for Your Data
Few people use generative AI daily despite ChatGPT hype, study finds
Regularized Newton Raphson Inversion for Text-to-Image Diffusion Models
Open-Source LLMs for Text Annotation: A Practical Guide for Model Setting and Fine-Tuning
Lower Bounds on the Expressivity of Recurrent Neural Language Models
Why Can Large Language Models Generate Correct Chain-of-Thoughts?
Topic: differentiable
Evaluating the External and Parametric Knowledge Fusion of Large Language Models
MASSIVE Multilingual Abstract Meaning Representation: A Dataset and Baselines for Hallucination Detection
A Flirty Chatbot Is What You Get With So Few Women in Tech
How AI could change EV charging
Topic: cto
Topic: company building
Topic: discourse
What are AI Agents? How do you make one? Understand the Basics
Intelligent Anomaly Detection for Lane Rendering Using Transformer with Self-Supervised Pre-Training and Customized Fine-Tuning
Topic: agriculture
Are queries and keys always relevant? A case study on Transformer wave functions
DGRC: An Effective Fine-tuning Framework for Distractor Generation in Chinese Multi-choice Reading Comprehension
Musical Phrase Segmentation via Grammatical Induction
Understanding and Addressing the Under-Translation Problem from the Perspective of Decoding Objective
Social Impact Using Data and AI: Revealing the 2024 Finalists for the Data For Good Award
Topic: count
Hacker Releases Jailbroken  Godmode  Version of ChatGPT
Topic: bootstrapping
Empowering Working Memory for Large Language Model Agents
Training LLMs to Better Self-Debug and Explain Code
Efficient Model-agnostic Alignment via Bayesian Persuasion
Language Models Trained to do Arithmetic Predict Human Risky and Intertemporal Choice
Expert-Guided Extinction of Toxic Tokens for Debiased Generation
Google announces plans to invest $2B in Malaysia, including building its first data center, a new Google Cloud region, and further developing AI (Kimberley Kao/Wall Street Journal)
Topic: hate speech
Hiding in plain sight: AI may help to replace confidential information in images with similar visuals
Breaking down Mistral 7B
Implementing Generative and Analytical Models to Create and Enrich Knowledge Graphs for RAGs
Researchers enhance object-tracking abilities of self-driving cars
Transfer learning approach to Classify the X-ray image that corresponds to corona disease Using ResNet50 pretrained by ChexNet
Topic: bayesian
Towards Faithful Chain-of-Thought: Large Language Models are Bridging Reasoners
Topic: competitions
MF-AED-AEC: Speech Emotion Recognition by Leveraging Multimodal Fusion, Asr Error Detection, and Asr Error Correction
Topic: compliance
Multi-Scale 3D Gaussian Splatting for Anti-Aliased Rendering
Mistral AI Releases Codestral: An Open-Weight Generative AI Model for Code Generation Tasks and Trained on 80+ Programming Languages, Including Python
Topic: ai and cybersecurity
Auxiliary Knowledge-Induced Learning for Automatic Multi-Label Medical Document Classification
Mistral's new code model features a 32K context window for unmatched long code support
LLMs achieve adult human performance on higher-order theory of mind tasks
With the EU AI Act incoming this summer, the bloc lays out its plan for AI governance
Incremental Object Detection with CLIP
Topic: autonomous vehicles
[D] What's your All-Time Favorite Deep Learning Paper?
LLMs and Memorization: On Quality and Specificity of Copyright Compliance
Topic: startup
OpenAI CTO Says Generative AI's Economic Impact Only Starting
Samsung will stuff the Galaxy Watch with new AI health-tracking features
ReFIT: Relevance Feedback from a Reranker during Inference
A Simple Joint Model for Improved Contextual Neural Lemmatization
AlchemistCoder: Harmonizing and Eliciting Code Capability by Hindsight Tuning on Multi-source Data
PathReasoner: Modeling Reasoning Path with Equivalent Extension for Logical Question Answering
Topic: gavin newsom
Source: Microsoft pushed OpenAI to prioritize commercial products after the attempted coup against Sam Altman in November 2023, amplifying tensions at OpenAI (Financial Times)
Recent Advances of Foundation Language Models-based Continual Learning: A Survey
Topic: ai computer
Assessing the Efficacy of Deep Learning Approaches for Facial Expression Recognition in Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities
Sam Altman is considering turning OpenAI into a regular company: report
An ex-banker was sentenced to death in China for taking $151 million in bribes even after he gave tip-offs to authorities
Topic: finland
WRDScore: New Metric for Evaluation of Natural Language Generation Models
Machine Vision Therapy: Multimodal Large Language Models Can Enhance Visual Robustness via Denoising In-Context Learning
Palantir Wins $480 Million AI Computer Vision Deal With US Army
Multi-stage Retrieve and Re-rank Model for Automatic Medical Coding Recommendation
Topic: experts
Topic: amazon bedrock
Meta Introduces Vision Language Models, Shows Superior Performance Over Traditional CNNs
[D] Benchmarking foundation models for time series
Topic: ai highlights
Topic: data-ana-analytics
Topic: improvement
Why CPG Leaders Must Separate the Wheat from Chaff for True AI-Powered Revenue Growth Optimization
Top Artificial Intelligence AI Courses from Google
Enhancing Transformer Models with Abacus Embeddings for Superior Arithmetic and Algorithmic Reasoning Performance
Microsoft, Meta, Google, and Nvidia battle it out for AI chip supremacy
Enhance Your Search Capabilities Using Algoboost as a Vector Store
AI Engineer's Toolkit
Topic: internship
Topic: ai foundation models
Advanced Server Rendering | React Query with Next.js App Router
Topic: chocolate
Topic: revenue
Topic: firing
Topic: blackline
Former OpenAI board member gives her reasons for Sam Altman's short-lived dismissal as CEO
Building Toy ARM64 Emulator
It's High Time Data Engineers Expanded Left and Right: Pavan Nanjundaiah
Data Science Interview Question: Creating ROC & Precision-Recall Curves From Scratch
Topic: distributed systems
Topic: making
Build Your Own ChatGPT-like Chatbot with Java and Python
Meet the Non-Profit Trying to Create a Definition for Open Source AI
Democratizing AI: Exploring the Impact of Low/No-Code AI Development Tools
Topic: causal ai
LLMs for Simulated User Feedback, Causal AI, AI Slide Decks from ODSC East, and Low Code Time.
Topic: c3.ai
Scraper compania Blackline
Anthropic releases a new feature called  tool use  to let users create AI assistants, available via Anthropic Messages API, Amazon Bedrock, and Google Vertex AI (Kylie Robison/The Verge)
Microsoft DirectSR aims to unify competing upscaling technologies under a single DX12 graphics library
What is copilot?
Topic: love
How Training Data Differentiates Falcon, the LLM From the UAE
Topic: spatial-data-analysis
Topic: biotech & health
Topic: r-programming
1-bit LLMs Could Solve AI's Energy Demands
Topic: chatgpt users
Topic: data centres
OpenAI just gave free ChatGPT users browsing, data analysis, and more
Progress Telerik .NET Dev Tools Integrate Gen AI Prompts
AI Semiconductor Revenue to Reach $21B in 2024; Gartner
Is Synthetic Data a Reliable Option for Training Machine Learning Models?
Topic: animal behaviour
Topic: semiconductor
Topic: consortium
Introduction to spatial analysis of cells for neuroscientists (part 1)
Q&A: How AI affects kids' creativity
Topic: ai prompts
AI manufacturing startup funding is on a tear as Switzerland's EthonAI raises $16.5M
Matplotlib a powerful plotting library
Topic: amodei
IBM Unveils watsonx BI assistant to Simplify Business Decision-Making
The Rise of Enterprise AI | Bloomberg Technology
Topic: ai democratization
Topic: arm64 based pc
Topic: benjamin
Topic: networking
AI is cracking a hard problem giving computers a sense of smell
Topic: aclu
Anthropic's AI now lets you create bots to work for you
Topic: operations
Topic: decentralized
Topic: mlops
Topic: diana
Topic: billy
Topic: industries
Using Mountaineer to develop a React app with Python
Topic: non-profit
CtrlS Launches 13-MW, AI-ready Data Center in Hyderabad
Topic: chainwire
Microsoft, Apple, Nvidia, Alphabet, Amazon, and Meta account for 30% of the S&P 500 Index, up from ~26% at the start of the year, after a surge driven by Nvidia (Bloomberg)
Profile of Anthropic and its CEO Dario Amodei; the company prioritizes AI safety over profit, hoping it can spark a  race to the top  on safety in the industry (Billy Perrigo/TIME)
Anthropic brings Tool Use for Claude out of beta, promising sophisticated assistants
Topic: celebrity
Topic: new features
Topic: caching
[R] I ran 580 model-dataset experiments to show that, even if you try very hard, it is almost impossible to know that a model is degrading just by looking at data drift results
Topic: ai manufacturing
Chatbots Are Entering Their Stone Age
On X, Paul Graham says claims about YC firing Sam Altman are  not true , and Altman left because he wanted to work full-time on OpenAI as its CEO (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Topic: ai community
Valar Labs debuts AI-powered cancer care prediction tool and secures $22M
Topic: data-science-interview
AI for Customer Support Can Help Build Trust
What's an NPU and Why Is Big Tech Suddenly Obsessed?
$10m prize launched for team that can truly talk to the animals
Personalized Learning with Gipi, NVIDIA TensortRT-LLM, and AI Foundation Models
AI startups could see a wave of 'acquihires,' and it might get messy
Nvidia excluded from formulation of new UALink networking standard for data centres
Topic: oxford
How to train a Million Context LLM   with Mark Huang of Gradient.ai
Topic: dokku
Voice-Based GenAI Could be the Future of Customer Care Services
Topic: ai and climate
Meta spots AI content in deceptive Israel and China campaigns
Topic: code completion
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is reportedly worried about an OpenAI deal with Apple
Learn AI Together   Towards AI Community Newsletter #26
Topic: chatgpt plus
Implementing Semantic Caching using Qdrant and Rust
'All eyes on Rafah': how AI-generated image swept across social media
Does your service business need AI? Here are four rules to help you decide
Topic: input
AI Is Not Hype, Says C3.ai's Tom Siebel
Apple's OpenAI deal reportedly fixed   and Microsoft is worried
Topic: ai hiring
Klarna CEO faces backlash for saying AI let marketing team 'half the size it was last year' do more work, saving millions
Topic: browsing
Topic: harness
Topic: gartner
Benjamin Ogden, Founder & CEO of DataGenn AI   Interview Series
Topic: customer support
Topic: cpg
Sui And Atoma Bring The Power Of AI To dApp Builders
Topic: falcon
1 out of 3 marketing teams have implemented AI in their workflows
How Do Large Language Models Work? LLM AI Demystified
PwC inks deal with OpenAI to become first ChatGPT Enterprise reseller
OpenAI Says Russia and China Used Its A.I. in Covert Campaigns
AI is transforming global power structures is Europe being left behind?
Aon's AI Hiring Tools Are Discriminatory, ACLU Says in FTC Complaint
[R] How to prepare for my first research internship ?
AI startup Wallaroo tapped to help Space Force operationalize machine learning
Mastering YOLOv10: A Complete Guide with Hands-On Projects
Topic: caroline
Topic: bi
OpenAI Shuts Down Influence Networks Using Its Tools in Russia, China
Topic: bi graphics
The Emergence of Super Tiny Language Models (STLMs) for Sustainable AI Transforms the Realm of NLP
Topic: buy-now-pay-later-bnpl
Topic: definition
[D] What additions or changes would you make to BERT knowing all the recent advances in ML?
Topic: detection methods
Scalable OCR Pipelines using AWS
Humanity in 'race against time' on AI: UN
Topic: people
Paul Graham claims Sam Altman wasn't fired from Y Combinator
Migrating a SQLite3 Database to PostgreSQL in Dokku
Topic: ideas
Topic: draft
AI People Live in an Absolute Bubble
Topic: biotech
AI boom could delay US coal phase-out plans as electricity demand soars
OpenAI disrupted five influence operations in the past three months that accessed its products to covertly manipulate public opinion or shape political outcomes (Gerrit De Vynck/Washington Post)
Topic: bold
Topic: aon
What 10 Years at Uber, Meta and Startups Taught Me About Data Analytics
N-HiTS   Making Deep Learning for Time Series Forecasting More Efficient
Topic: amazon fire tv
Automating Data Pipelines with Python & GitHub Actions
Your Amazon Fire TV is getting a free generative AI upgrade. Here's how it works
10 Best AI Tweet Generators (May 2024)
Topic: advanced micro devices inc
Topic: consultancy
US Is Reining In AI Chip Sales to Middle East by Nvidia, AMD
How LLMs Can Unite Analog Event Promotion and Digital Calendars
PwC inks deal with OpenAI as almost all its consulting clients 'actively' engage with AI
Data Science Skills 101: How to Solve Any Problem, Part II
Topic: advanced micro devices
Interpretable Features in Large Language Models
Alexa's Fire TV search has a new AI, but it needs some work
Topic: github-actions
PLSQL - Day 1
Humanity In 'Race Against Time' On AI: UN
Topic: fire
Topic: fire tv
Recursion : Python
Topic: analog
OpenAI has a has a new version of ChatGPT just for universities
Topic: deleted
Get Started On Using Generative AI In ERP
Tesla aims to launch its FSD software in China
Topic: ai in erp
LLM's face-off in VR to determine who among them is a human.
The First Streaming Service for AI-Generated TV Shows Has Arrived
Topic: ai computing
Sources: US has delayed license requests from chipmakers for AI accelerator shipments to the Middle East and is worried about the tech getting diverted to China (Bloomberg)
Topic: safety
Topic: ai update
Topic: github-copilot
Topic: apple wwdc
Topic: ai accelerator
Dell's $3.8 Billion AI Server Backlog Fails to Impress Investors
Proofpoint's CISO 2024 Report: Top Challenges Include Human Error & Risk
Topic: getty
Topic: apple inc
Apple WWDC 2024: What to expect including iOS 18, AI and more
Topic: benefits of ai
Calculating data for visualization on stacked 100% bar
Gartner Predicts Worldwide Chip Revenue Will Gain 33% in 2024
This Apple Watch Case Could Kill All of Those Wannabe AI Devices
Apple Plans AI-Based Siri Overhaul to Control Individual App Functions
AI-Powered Coding: Understanding the Risks and How to Mitigate Them
Gartner's 7 Predictions for the Future of Australian & Global Cloud Computing
Tech giants form AI group to counter Nvidia with new interconnect standard
Topic: chatpgt
Topic: addiction
Anthropic Bolsters Safety Reputation While Rival OpenAI Under Scrutiny
Topic: ggplot2
Topic: entertainment culture
Creating a Smaller Docker Image: A Practical Guide
Topic: current events
Najiba Benabess Surpassing AI Outreach with the Launch of Her Irreplaceable Human Intelligence Book
Topic: biz & it
Billionaire Groupon founder Lefkofsky is back with another IPO: AI healthtech Tempus
How to get ChatGPT to browse the web for free
OpenAI says state-backed actors used its AI for disinfo
Advancing Ethical AI: Preference Matching Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback RLHF for Aligning LLMs with Human Preferences
Nutanix announces AI partner program, GPT-in-a-Box 2.0
Palantir bags $480M from Pentagon to inject battlefield AI into the military
Topic: ai cloud computing
OpenAI inks deal with ride-sharing operator to develop AI tools
Topic: battlefield
iOS 18 (and AI) will give Siri much more control over your apps
Topic: dell technologies
Perplexity will research and write reports
NEW AutoCoder LLM Beats GPT-4o! Best Opensource Coding LLM!
AI Scams Manipulate Search Engines with Advanced Tactics
Covert Online Influence Campaigns Exposed
Topic: cloud storage
Handling Massive Machine Learning Models // Simon Karasik // MLOps podcast #228 clip
What you can only see under a scanning electron microscope
Meta Uncovers AI-Generated Deceptive Content on Facebook and Instagram
Live CEOing Ep 812: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Tabular]
Topic: animation
6 Prompts That 99% of GPT-4o Users Don't Know
Topic: ai scams
Sony Looks to AI to Cut Film Production Costs
US Warns Tech Companies to Fairly Compensate Artists or Face Action
Topic: code llms
Topic: electron